
@_date: 2001-09-21 17:50:33
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Avoid hard targets tomorrow 
>AMERICA and the West are bracing themselves for another potential
 >"Day of Infamy" this Saturday, when accomplices of the hijackers are
 >suspected of having plotted new outrages.
It would be stupid to hit now.  The terrorists will wait until after
the U.S. takes overt action.  Their counter-blow will then have the
most impact.  If Americans learn that every time their troops attack,
American civilians die, it will increase pressure to end the campaign.
Terrorists might have scheduled something for Saturday, on the assumption
that the U.S. would have attacked by now.  But the unexpected restraint on
the part of the U.S. leadership will require a revision to the timetable.
 >The three, Ahmed Hanna, 33, Karim Koubriti, 23, and
 >Farouk Ali-Halmoud, 21, from Morocco and Algeria, worked at Detroit
 >Metropolitan Airport preparing food for airlines.
Is this why the airlines are going to stop serving food?

@_date: 2001-09-17 18:00:29
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Representative Barbara Lee 
Only one member of Congress had the courage to stand up against the
crowd in the rush to authorize retaliation under the War Powers Act.
It has been characterized as "essentially a declaration of war":
  Authorization for Use of United States Armed Forces
  (a) That the president is authorized to use all necessary and
  appropriate force against those nations, organizations, or persons
  he determines planned, authorized, committed, or aided the
  terrorist attacks that occurred on Sept. 11, 2001, or harbored such
  organizations or persons, in order to prevent any future acts of
  international terrorism against the United States by such nations,
  organizations or persons.
  The measure passed 98-0 in the Senate and 420-1 in the House.
The lone dissenter was Representative Barbara Lee, an African-American
woman representing Alameda, across the bay from San Francisco.
No doubt their long experience with violence at the hands of the US
government and the white majority makes African Americans, and especially
African American women, skeptical about the efficacy of using military
force to deal with the threats before us.
Cypherpunks should salute their African American sisters and thank
Representative Lee for her courage in standing alone at this challenging
time.  A short note expressing appreciation would be appropriate.
Ms. Lee might be worth cultivating for support on other Cypherpunk causes.
In fact since she lives nearby, she could be invited to attend a future
Cypherpunk physical meeting in order to further increase ties between
Cypherpunks and the black community.  Both groups share skepticism about
government law enforcement efforts which could make the partnership
effective and productive, even though they may not agree in all areas.

@_date: 2001-09-16 05:10:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Scientologists hinder WTC efforts 
Additionally we are trying to move in and knock the psychs out of counseling to the grieving families and that could take another 100 plus people right now. Due to some brilliant maneuvering by some simply genius Sea Org Members we tied up the majority of the psychs who were attempting to get to families yesterday in Q&A, bullbait and wrangling. They have a hard time completing cycles of action and are pretty easy to disperse. But today they are out in full force and circling like vultures over these people and all of our resources are tied up in the support efforts in the disaster zone at present.

@_date: 2001-09-14 20:10:28
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: The Winds of War 
Tim May, a notoriously bad prognosticator (remember the "Thanksgiving
Yes, most people expect this.
Very unlikely as far as the remailers.  It looks like there may be
some proposals for crypto limitations, but it will be a hard fight.
Every interested party who fought last time will be dusting off their
old arguments.  Cryptographers like Matt Blaze and others have already
made their intentions clear on the crypto mailing list.
Absolutely not.  Completely absurd.  You must have forgotten to take
your anti paranoia pills again.
As for the Reichstag Fire, for the history impaired this was an attack
secretly engineered by the Nazis to give them an excuse to seize power.
The implication is that the United States government arranged for the
WTC attack!  Only someone in the grips of clinical paranoia could make
such a suggestion.  Tim May is really losing it now.
Right, ninja troops carrying away bespectacled, nerdly remailer operators.
Here's a better fantasy.  They'll hire $1000/night superhookers and
seduce the remailer operators into giving up their keys.  Both have
about equal chances of reality.
If the government really does care about remailers, chances are Carnivore
is already more than up to the task.  Cryptographic analyses have shown
many times how weak the current remailer network is.  See below for a
list of attacks on remailers from the guys at Zero-Knowledge.  Add in
the ability to penetrate systems and steal their keys and the remailer
network provides far from terrorist-grade security.
Far better for the spooks to leave the network running and provide the
illusion of security in the hopes that criminals will trust it.  If they
take it down they'll just drive the terrorists further underground.
The United States government has no interest in killing remailer
operators!  Please try to keep some semblance of a grip on reality.
See above, there are better solutions to remailers from the point of
view of law enforcement.  Yes, Carnivore may be part of the plan, but
there's no reason for the remailer operator to know about it.
Even as fantasy, this is deteriorating...
Starring... Tim May, of course.  It is sad that this once brilliant mind
has been reduced by isolation and bitterness into constructing these
paranoid fantasies.
There are already many voices warning against weakening the Constitution.
You won't have to wait 20 years for sanity to prevail.
War is coming, against Afghanistan and other Arab organizations.  On that
part you were right.  The rest of it is just your paranoid ravings.
Because you'll be embarrassed to have been proven wrong once again?
A few kinds of remailer attacks:
Brute Force Attack
Node Flushing Attack (aka Spam Attack)
Timing Attack
Communication Pattern Attack
Packet Counting Attack
Intersection Attack
Denial of Service Attack
User Reaction Attack
Sting Attack
Distinguished Message Attack
Message Delaying Attack
Message Tagging Attack

@_date: 2001-09-12 18:50:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: mix patches for OpenBSD (was Re: [Remops] Re: FC: Anonymous 
Are one or both of these still necessary?
----- CUT HERE ------------
Mixmaster 2.9b23 still searches for opensslv.h in a nonexistent
the Install routine below hopefully fixes the hardcoded directory in a
manner that does not break on other OSes.
Also, OpenBSD's OpenSSL installation lacks the patented IDEA routines. Copy OpenSSL's i_cbc.c, i_cfb64.c, i_skey.c, idea.h, and idea_lcl.h to
Src.  The patch to the Makefile.in below adds them to the build.
*** Install.orig	Thu Mar 16 09:34:02 2000
--- Install	Thu Jun 29 16:39:01 2000
*** 383,389 ****
   opensslinfo="Please get OpenSSL 0.9.4 from    LIBDIR=/usr/local/ssl/lib
!  INCDIR="/usr/include /usr/include/ssl /usr/lib/ssl/include /usr/local/ssl/include"
   SRCDIR="openssl*"
   if [ "$system" = win32 ]
--- 383,389 ----
   opensslinfo="Please get OpenSSL 0.9.4 from    LIBDIR=/usr/local/ssl/lib
!  INCDIR="/usr/include /usr/include/ssl /usr/include/ssl/openssl /usr/lib/ssl/include /usr/local/ssl/include"
   SRCDIR="openssl*"
   if [ "$system" = win32 ]
*** 421,429 ****
   fi    # Find the OpenSSL version header
!  if [ -f $INCDIR/openssl/opensslv.h ]
   then
!   version=`grep 'SSL.*_VERSION_NUMBER.*0x' $INCDIR/openssl/opensslv.h | sed 's/.*0x0*//;s/[ 	].*//;s/L$//'`
   fi
   if [ "$version" = "" ]
   then
--- 421,429 ----
   fi    # Find the OpenSSL version header
!  if [ -f $INCDIR/opensslv.h ]
   then
!   version=`grep 'SSL.*_VERSION_NUMBER.*0x' $INCDIR/opensslv.h | sed 's/.*0x0*//;s/[ 	].*//;s/L$//'`
   fi
   if [ "$version" = "" ]
   then
*** Src/Makefile.in.orig        Thu Mar 16 09:34:02 2000
--- Src/Makefile.in     Thu Jun 29 16:34:35 2000
*** 23,29 ****
  RANLIB = ranlib
   = make
! OBJ = mix.o rem.o rem1.o rem2.o rem3.o chain.o chain1.o chain2.o chain3.o nym.o pgp.o pgpdb.o pgpdata.o pgpget.o pgpcreat.o pool.o mail.o rfc822.o mime.o keymgt.o compress.o stats.o crypto.o random.o util.o buffers.o
  MIXOBJ = rndseed.o menu.o menusend.o menunym.o menuutil.o
  NOMENUOBJ = rndseed.o dummy.o
--- 23,29 ----
  RANLIB = ranlib
   = make
! OBJ = mix.o rem.o rem1.o rem2.o rem3.o chain.o chain1.o chain2.o chain3.o nym.o pgp.o pgpdb.o pgpdata.o pgpget.o pgpcreat.o pool.o mail.o rfc822.o mime.o keymgt.o compress.o stats.o crypto.o random.o util.o buffers.o i_cfb64.o i_skey.o i_cbc.o
  MIXOBJ = rndseed.o menu.o menusend.o menunym.o menuutil.o
  NOMENUOBJ = rndseed.o dummy.o
----- CUT HERE ------------
OpenSSL versions are actually hexadecimal numbers, though in the past we
have been OK using them as decimals for comparison, at least in release
Now, we are using them as hexadecimal numbers to encode beta vs final
status.  This breaks Mixmaster 2.9's Install script.
The patch below fixes the version comparison so it should work with
future OpenSSL versions as well.
 * MMNNFFPPS: major minor fix patch status
 * The status nibble has one of the values 0 for development, 1 to e for betas
 * 1 to 14, and f for release.  The patch level is exactly that.
 * For example:
 * 0.9.3-dev      0x00903000
 * 0.9.3-beta1    0x00903001
 * 0.9.3-beta2-dev 0x00903002
 * 0.9.3-beta2    0x00903002 (same as ...beta2-dev)
 * 0.9.3          0x0090300f
 * 0.9.3a         0x0090301f
 * 0.9.4          0x0090400f
 * 1.2.3z         0x102031af
 *
 * For continuity reasons (because 0.9.5 is already out, and is coded
 * 0x00905100), between 0.9.5 and 0.9.6 the coding of the patch level
 * part is slightly different, by setting the highest bit.  This means
 * that 0.9.5a looks like this: 0x0090581f.  At 0.9.6, we can start
 * with 0x0090600S...
 *
 * (Prior to 0.9.3-dev a different scheme was used: 0.9.2b is 0x0922.)
 * (Prior to 0.9.5a beta1, a different scheme was used: MMNNFFRBB for
 *  major minor fix final patch/beta)
 */
*** Install.orig        Thu Mar 16 09:34:02 2000
--- Install     Thu Jun 29 15:41:00 2000
*** 383,385 ****
!  opensslinfo="Please get OpenSSL 0.9.4 from    LIBDIR=/usr/local/ssl/lib
--- 383,385 ----
!  opensslinfo="Please get OpenSSL 0.9.4 or 0.9.5a final from    LIBDIR=/usr/local/ssl/lib
*** 436,438 ****
    fi
!  elif [ "$version" -lt "920" ]
   then
--- 436,438 ----
    fi
!  elif [ "16 -lt "16 ]
   then
*** 441,443 ****
    exit 1
!  elif [ "$version" -lt "903100" ]
   then
--- 441,443 ----
    exit 1
!  elif [ "16 -lt "16 ]
   then
*** 446,448 ****
    exit 1
!  elif [ "$version" -gt "906000" ]
   then
--- 446,448 ----
    exit 1
!  elif [ "16 -gt "16 ]
   then

@_date: 2001-09-12 05:00:56
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: News group discussion on 9/4 about attacks? 
FBI members of this list might want to have a look here.
(Basically, a poster calling himself Xinoehpoel on the
alt.prophecies.nostradamus news group started making noise about a big
event to occur on 9/11. He also said he would be "going away" on this The thread is pretty disturbing. If this guy wasn't actually involved with
the attacks, I bet he's wishing he'd kept his mouth shut.

@_date: 2001-09-13 22:20:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RE: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
It's astonishing that you should say this.  It is at exactly this time
that soul searching is most appropriate.  Now is when you should ask
yourself:  Am I doing the right thing?  Am I making the world a better
You don't have to convince some devil's advocate.  Just convince yourself.
You're about to begin running a remailer.  Apparently you haven't done
so before.  Well, it should be quite an education.  Keep it up for a
year and you'll be more qualified to judge whether this technology is
good or bad, on balance.  One thing is certain: if you go into it just
because you think it will be an "interesting project", you won't stay
with it for long.

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:10:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RE: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Many people have made this point, but it is so fundamentally wrong that
it's hard to believe that anyone takes it seriously.
Paper, and metal, and knives, and airplanes, and all the other things
which have been compared to anonymity tools, are different in one major
respect: it would be an inconceivable hardship to ban them.
They all have important uses for other things than committing crimes.
To ban paper or airplanes or knives would eliminate all those other uses.
Imagine a society without paper.  It could not function.  Likewise,
eliminating those other technologies would at minimum cause tremendous
harm to everyone's lives.
Can we really say the same thing about cryptography?  About steganography
tools?  About the anonymous mail services which bin Laden has been
reported to have used (yesterday on TV it was mentioned several times)?
Would commerce grind to a halt if we didn't have anonymous remailers?
Of course not.  The same with PGP and SSL and other crypto technologies
that are available to everyone.
The fact is, crypto as we know it is a luxury.  It didn't even exist ten
years ago.  None of the crypto tools we use did.  We can hardly make a
case that banning or restricting access to them will send us back into
the stone age.
Please, let's end these spurious arguments that providers of crypto tools
are no different than the people who make the metal in the airplane wings.
There's a big difference, which anyone with an ounce of sense can see.
Banning airplanes is not an option.  Banning crypto is.

@_date: 2001-09-13 00:20:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
It's always amazing to see how stupid the responses are to various
messages.  There seems to be no limit to the ignorance of the cypherpunks.
It is well known that this is a motivation for many terrorists.  If you
will not believe it from an anonymous message, perhaps you will be
convinced by quotes from the two co-founders of the cypherpunks, both
of whom have said exactly the same thing in messages posted today:
Tim May wrote in 1996 and reposted today:
: Revolutionary theory says of course that this increased clampdown is a
: desired effect of terrorist bombings and attacks. Fear and doubt.
: Revolutionary ends rarely happen by slow, incremental movement. Hundreds of
: examples, from the original "bomb-throwing anarchists" to the modern mix of
: terrorist bands. The Red Brigade in Italy sought a fascist crackdown, and
: the "strategy of tension" is common. (And even revolutionists of crypto
: anarchist persuasion often think laws like the CDA are good in the long
: run, by undermining respect for authority and triggering more extreme
: reactions....)
Note his comment about how the Communications Decency Act is actually
considered good by revolutionaries of the crypto anarchist persuasion.
Know any of those?  Gee, the anonymous message made exactly the same point
earlier, that someone like Tim May would welcome crackdowns on freedom.
Eric Hughes wrote today (in a beautiful message that deserves to be
widely distributed):
: The goal of these terrorists is to : restrict freedoms in America, to steal its essence and to weaken it.  I : shall pray we do not cooperate with this their goal in a hot-headed rush to : immediate results.
The same point, made each time: that the terrorists seek to weaken America
by causing what Tim May calls an "increased clampdown", what Eric Hughes
describes as "to restrict freedoms in America", and what the anonymous
poster characterized as "a crackdown on liberties".  The difference is
that Tim May welcomes the change; Eric Hughes pleads against it; and
the anonymous poster merely calls upon cypherpunks to recognize that
they have a choice between these contrasting views.
There are two contrasting forces at the heart of the cypherpunk
philosophy, well exemplified by the two co-founders, and their messages
posted today show the difference well.
The dark anger of May versus the bright hope of Hughes.  Make your choice.

@_date: 2001-09-12 16:00:46
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RE: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Suffused with boredom, Lucky Green wrote,
Sure, but whose chicken?  Maybe our own policies and beliefs have turned
against us, to our detriment.  There have been a number of reports that
bin Laden uses cryptography and even steganography tools.  This could
still have a significant crypto connection.
But if not this time, then next time.  Sooner or later a catastrophe
will happen due to our technology.
Most people's worries seem narrow.  "Will I get in trouble?  Will the
software be banned?"
What about, "Should I be a contributor to the murder of thousands?  Should
I be promoting technology which could lead to a backlash against freedom?"
Some terrorists have exactly this as their goal.  They are hoping
to trigger a counter-reaction, an over-reaction, by the authorities.
They want to see a crackdown on liberties, a police state.  This will
weaken the enemy and demoralize him.  It will increase hostility and
make the population less willing to support the government.
Perhaps some readers share this view.  Tim May, spiritual leader of the
cypherpunks, has expressed support for the actions of Timothy McVeigh
in murdering schoolchildren in Oklahoma City.  He has frequently called
for the killing of every resident of Washington, D.C.  Will he now speak
out in favor of the death of tens of thousands in New York City?
Perhaps, for him, this is the true cypherpunk goal: promote murder and
catastrophe in order to trigger a spasm of Western totalitarianism,
hoping that the state will then self-destruct.
If so, then laws like the DMCA and SSSCA should be welcomed with open
arms.  Likewise with prosecutions for pornography and, even better,
bans on software technologies.  These measures work hand in hand with
the responses to terrorism in strengthening the control of the state
over the individual.
Those few remaining cypherpunks who cling to the original goal of freedom,
privacy and liberty, should face the moral issues squarely.  A case
can be made that the technologies we favor are a positive force in the
world, even though they can be used for destructive means.  But there are
arguments on both sides, especially in a world where a few people can use
the shield of anonymity to coordinate actions that lead to massive deaths.
The point is, cypherpunks must face and accept the responsibility for
the harm their technologies can cause, as they should also feel pride
in the positive effects.  And they must be able to show, at least to
themselves, that the positives outweigh the negatives.
At least, unless they are taking Tim May's view of the world, where no
deaths are too many and the blood of innocents ushers in a welcome new
age of tyranny.

@_date: 2001-09-11 19:00:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
The terrorist attacks present a real-world situation which has ties to
the recent discussion about morality.
What are the roles of we who provide technology that aids terrorists
as well as honorable people who seek the shield of privacy?  Do we bear
a share of the responsibility for the deaths and other consequences of
terrorist attacks such as we have seen today?
Today, remailer operators are shutting down their services.  Why?
Do they feel shame and guilt at providing a service which could foster
destruction?  Maybe they should have thought of that before deciding
to run a remailer.  Or are they merely fearful of being blamed for the
attacks or their aftermath?  That would be a rather cowardly action,
to run a service which can cause harm but to run and hide as soon as
the heat is on.  (Thankfully, a number of remailer operators continue
to courageously offer their services.)
It is likely that the effects of the attack will include restrictions on
American freedoms.  Since the attacks were all carried out by hijacked
airliners, chances are that this is where security will be focused.
Increased security checks for passengers and employees are a certainty.
There may be some additional measures with wider implications.  Perhaps we
will finally see a national ID card which must be carried at all times
and shown on demand to law enforcement personnel.  Workers in sensitive
industries may have to go through more stringent background checks.  At
this point there is no indication of any significant Internet component,
so it is not too likely that we will see new restrictions there.
The net result is a decrease in the freedom that we all cherish.
This is a paradox.  The technologies we support can lead to violent
actions which end up hurting our goals.
The question we must all face, then, is whether we are doing more harm
than good?  How much good do remailers and encryption do, balanced
against the harm which they can cause?  We should all reflect on this.
We must be sure that our actions promote our goals and not set them back.

@_date: 2001-09-13 18:50:23
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: An Open Letter on Privacy and Anonymity 
It's a well written letter, unquestionably.  But there's a problem.
While the title of the letter refers to privacy and anonymity, these terms
are hardly used in the body.  Privacy is referred to only in the first
paragraph were Eric introduces himself as a founder of the cypherpunks,
a privacy organization.  And anonymity is never mentioned at all!
Any essay which purports to address a topic ought to mention it, don't
you think?  What if he had titled it, an open letter on pedophilia and
child abuse?  Would the arguments in the letter then automatically mean
that we should support those activities?
Mostly the letter contains calls for the preservation of liberty.
Unfortunately, every politician in the United States, while voting for the
most Draconian martial law curfews ever seen, would endorse each paragraph
in Eric's message.  Without some specifics tying these calls for liberty
to concrete policy questions, the letter is not as strong as it should be.
How broadly do we take this?  What about the elimination of curbside
baggage checkins at airports?  Is this a curtailment of our liberty?
Is it a sign that we have diminished ourselves?  Or is it a reasonable
precaution in the face of terrorist hijackings?
The letter from Sean Hastings suffered from the same vagueness:
No "temporary" measures?  They shouldn't have banned flights on Tuesday?
Why not, exactly?  Seemed like a wise precaution to most people.
And no furthering of short-term political goals?  The politicians have
been wanting to dip into the social security "lockbox" for months.
Now they can.  Is this wrong?  Isn't it just a matter of changing
priorities which everyone will support?
Why are we seeing such vague generalities from obviously talented writers?
Let's see people go to the heart of the issue.  If you want to argue
for privacy and anonymity, make the case!  The fact that no one will
come out and make an argument for these technologies suggests that it
is because they are afraid that any argument will be too weak to stand.
Eric Hughes, take on this challenge.  Write an essay, not in defense
of liberty, but in defense of privacy and anonymity, as you promised
in your title.  And do it at a time when some of the best leads towards
tracing these attackers are possible exactly because of a lack of privacy
and anonymity.  Tell us why the world would be a better place if it
were impossible to trace these men.  It's not an impossible argument.
But it's not easy, either, like supporting freedom.  Let's see it done,
by someone as talented as you.

@_date: 2001-09-14 05:00:18
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: A Call for a Chorus of Voices 
In these days after the World Trade Center attacks, calls are being heard
for restrictions on access to the technologies of privacy.  As more
and more communications go by e-mail, chat rooms and cell phones,
our intelligence and law enforcement agencies are beginning to rely
on surveillance of these systems in order to collect information about
dangers to society.  Early reports suggest that some of the information
about the terrorists has come from monitored cell phone signals.
These monitoring and surveillance operations are threatened by
new technologies based on cryptography.  No longer just for spies,
cryptography can be used to encrypt e-mail, chat messages, and even
telephone communications so that they are hidden from outsiders.  Exotic
cryptographic technologies potentially provide even more protection for
terrorists as they plan and coordinate attacks.
Osama bin Laden, the figure most often named as a possible mastermind
of the terrorist strikes, is said to have trained his operatives
in the use of these technologies in order to communicate securely.
They encrypt messages and then use the related technology called
steganography to embed them undetectably in pictures, music and other
seemingly innocent data.  They are said to use anonymous mail accounts to
deliver these messages to chat rooms and bulletin boards where they can be
downloaded by other agents.  This allows the group members to communicate
completely undetectably.  Not only that, it preserves the terrorist
"cell" structure -  different members don't have to know the identity
or even email addresses of others in order to communicate.  All they
need to know is in what public forum to look for and leave messages.
Their identities are completely protected through these technologies.
Clearly, cryptographic privacy and anonymity are tremendously valuable
to terrorists, and tremendously obstructive to the efforts of law
enforcement to use electronic surveillance.  Representatives of these
organizations have warned for years that criminals and terrorists would
begin making use of cryptographic technologies, and their fears have
now been realized.  Under the present circumstances, legislators are
beginning to call for restrictions on access to cryptographic technology.
Old proposals are being revived to require that all encryption systems
contain a "back door" which would allow law enforcement access to the
contents of a communication.
We face many dangers at this moment.  The smoking ruins where some
of our proudest buildings once stood, temporary tombs to thousands of
innocent dead, plainly demonstrate the difficulties ahead.  Under the
circumstances it is appropriate for us to consider the balance between
security and freedom which we will adopt as we prosecute a new kind
of war.  As in past wars, sacrifices will be necessary for all of us.
No one should underestimate the hardships ahead.
At the same time, it is important to remember what we are fighting for.
It's not just revenge for the people killed and the buildings destroyed.
We are fighting for our way of life.  If we ignore terrorism, we will
live in fear, always wondering what new horror will be dropping from
the skies.  We will be restricted in how we live, what we do, where
we go.  Our legacy as free Americans will be lost.  This is why we fight.
We fight for freedom.
Given these goals, restricting access to cryptography must be understood
to be a complex issue.  It's not as simple as taking tools out of the
hand of bin Laden and other terrorists.  Cracking down on cryptography
will reduce the freedom of all Americans while failing to effectively
eliminate the use of the technology by those who threaten us.
The fundamental problem is that the tools already exist which allow
terrorists to communicate securely.  Many of them are in the form of free
software, distributed on hundreds of thousands of computers around the
world, which can be run on any ordinary PC.  Much of it was developed
by private individuals for their own use, and then donated to the world.
Any new law to limit cryptographic technology would have no effect
on the use of this large base of existing software and hardware.
Steganography and related technologies will make it impossible to detect
the use of now-forbidden software.  The new breed of terrorists from bin
Laden's training schools will continue to be able to use these tools.
Laws will be ineffective in preventing their use.
The only real effect of these laws would be to prevent honest Americans
from communicating with true privacy.  They are the ones who would
honor the ban and they would be the only ones effected.  They would have
their privacy taken away while bin Laden and his associates are able to
communicate with perfect secrecy.
While not many citizens make use of cryptographic technology now, experts
predict that it will be increasingly important in the future.  In an
Internet where attacks of all sorts are becoming ever more sophisticated
and numerous, cryptography will be a central technology in building the
secure systems of the future.  Limiting and restricting cryptography
will only make the Internet less secure.
When proposals for restrictions on cryptography first surfaced in the
1990s, security experts carefully analyzed the suggestions.  The response,
virtually unanimous, was that putting back doors in cryptography would
reduce its reliability, security, and efficiency, while increasing costs.
Any back door is a potential security hole.  The hackers and crackers
who are expert at exploiting flaws are going to be given a new set of
targets for their attacks.
Indeed, in the years since, a number of incidents have confirmed these
fears.  Last year, for example, the widely used PGP encryption software
was found to have a vulnerability related to the "Additional Decryption
Key", a feature added to the commercial version for back door access to
messages by corporate management.  Attackers could specify fake Additional
Decryption Keys and get them accepted by the software, allowing them to
read any message sent.  The inherent complexity in the implementation
of the Additional Decryption Key feature left a security hole open,
exactly as had been predicted.
Any requirement for government access back doors would undoubtedly lead
to similar weaknesses in other systems.  And next time the problems
might not be found by someone who was willing to reveal them publicly
so that they could be fixed.  In a world where all fielded cryptographic
technology had mandatory back doors, discovery of an exploit could be used
for financial gain, information warfare, or even new forms of terrorism.
It is certain that the Chinese and other competitors on the world stage
would put their best analysts on the job of finding weaknesses which
they could exploit in the future.
Restrictions on cryptography would weaken our Internet infrastructure
without achieving their goal of precluding use of the technology by
those who threaten us.  They are a bad idea for both of these reasons,
but there is a more fundamental objection as well.
The point of our war on terrorism is to preserve our freedom, our way
of life.  We cannot allow ourselves to take shortcuts in this battle
which eliminate fundamental freedoms.  And nothing is more fundamental
than our freedom of speech and communication.  It is enshrined in the
very first amendment to the constitution.
Cryptography is fundamentally a form of free speech.  It is the freedom to
speak privately and anonymously.  Yes, it can be exploited by criminals.
But that is the price we must pay as a country which is dedicated to the
ideals of freedom.  We accept the risk of allowing criminals their freedom
to communicate because we value and cherish this as a fundamental right.
We will not allow our country to be turned into an Orwellian surveillance
state, where every word we speak and every deed we do occurs under the
eyes of government agents.  The very idea is anathema to Americans.
But this is exactly what is being called for by those who propose to
forbid citizens to communicate in a manner which cannot be heard and
understood by the government.
We face challenges ahead, and we must find a balance between security
and freedom.  But we must not allow ourselves to be blinded by fear
and panic, so that we discard truly fundamental freedoms in what will
ultimately be a futile attempt to increase security.  This would be the
worst of both worlds.  We would have lost a major element of freedom
of speech, the freedom to communicate without government surveillance.
And we would have failed to effectively prevent terrorists from using
cryptographic technologies to their own ends.

@_date: 2001-09-14 04:40:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
Hmmm! Could it be that most people who aren't sheeple agree with him?

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:40:27
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: The Enemies List 
Chefren - On behalf of the civilized readers of the cypherpunks list,
please accept our apology for the implied threats of violence against you
by Tim May.  He is by no means representative of the larger readership.
He is alone in calling for the death of those who hold views different
from his own.
You and other critics have every right to speak your mind and make your
position known.  Indeed, the cypherpunks were founded on the principle
of advancing freedom of speech.  It is a sad and tragic irony that one
of the founders of that group has descended into a despicable allegiance
to violence.  Long-term subscribers have seen it happen gradually over the
It seemed to many that the Y2K non-disaster was the last straw.  Tim May
was one of the worst of the Y2K paranoids, spewing hostility at anyone
who dared to suggest that the event might not be a catastrophe, that the
government was not engaging in a cover-up or planning to install itself as
a dictatorship.  The original purpose of the cypherpunks mailing list was
forgotten as Tim May turned it into a forum for discussing gun ownership,
preparations for disaster, and mechanisms for revenge.
Many of us have been forced to use the shield of anonymity so that
our voices may be heard without fear of the violent retribution that
Tim May so often threatens.  His frequent boasts of carrying weapons,
his talk of a large arsenal, his calls for bloody revenge, all instill
a genuine fear in those who would disagree with him.
Very few list members have ever dared to speak up in opposition to even
the most outrageous statements made by Tim May.  When he said that he was
becoming convinced that Tim McVeigh had done the right thing in killing
hundreds of innocents, only an anonymous poster was willing to take him
sharply to task.  When he wrote that what he calls "the colored race"
was heading for "the trash heap of history", adding "fuck 'em", only
an anonymous poster spoke out against this outrageous demonstration
of racism.
Why?  Is it because all list subscribers agree with terrorist actions
like McVeigh's?  (Tim May has even hinted that he welcomes the recent
WTC attack!)  Is it because all list subscribers are racists who wish to
see their own race rise to dominance?  Surely not.  Rather, most readers
are intimidated into silence.  They don't speak up because they fear
the consequences.  Tim May has shown all too many times how sensitive
he is to even the slightest criticism.  He has a furious temper, as you,
Chefren, have discovered.  And he does not hesitate to threaten death.
So please, don't imagine that because Tim May has added you to his
enemies list, you are in any danger from the thousands of cypherpunks who
subscribe to the mailing list.  The vast majority abhor intimidation and
threats.  Indeed, most readers came to the cypherpunks out of a desire
to build a society where speech would always be free, where violence
would be impotent.  This is why we have worked on the technologies of
cryptography and anonymity.
It is sad and ironic that we are forced to resort to these methods, which
were intended as a shield against a hostile outside world, here on our
own list.  It is the only way that many of us can speak openly and freely
and without fear.  This is the injury which Tim May has inflicted upon the
group.  Fortunately the tools are available, and even his violent threats,
his rants and his rage cannot silence those who would speak their minds.
Again, on behalf of those of us who do not believe in violent revenge,
who believe in freedom of speech for all, please accept this apology.

@_date: 2001-09-15 14:50:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RE: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
And fingering bin Laden wouldn't be just as evil? It would be for one of
his followers, now wouldn't it? Evil is relative. Would you become Judas
Iscariot -- for how many shekels? And if you say that as someone close
to bin Laden, you would rat on him for money, how about us, how about
your friends and family here in the US? What's the price for them?

@_date: 2001-09-15 19:40:25
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Freedom of speech is for "Cypherpunk critics" too 
If you're upset that "critics of the Cypherpunks" are able to speak
freely then you shouldn't have supported the technologies that enable
them to do so.  Free speech is for everyone, not just those who toe your
line of violence and blood revenge.

@_date: 2001-09-16 20:30:37
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RE: SYMBOL 
The movement to rebuild the World Trade Center towers is gaining momentum,
and American capitalism is stepping up to the plate.  The latest corporate
giant to sign on as a sponsor is Target Stores.  Their only requirement
is that their corporate logo be painted high on each tower.  The Target
logo is a gigantic red bullseye.

@_date: 2001-09-19 17:10:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: crypto law survey questions 
These are good points, but they don't go far enough.
It is time for everyone to adopt Tim May's policy that those who disagree
on political matters deserve to be killed.  Imagine the simplification
of political life which would result.
What if the Founding Fathers had such policies?  History would be much
more interesting for students to study.  "I declare that the legislature
should have one house!"  "No, I claim that it should have two houses!"
"Fiend!"  "Scoundrel!"  (FFs whip out muskets and shoot each other.)
We could eliminate voting altogether.  Instead everyone would get together
in a large arena.  People favoring the various positions would gather
into groups, then on a signal each person would attempt to shoot and
kill all those in the other groups.  Whichever group was most numerous
would have some survivors left standing who would go out and try to keep
society running.
This is the Promised Land to which Tim May offers to lead us.  Government
by bloodshed.  A democracy of death.
One wonders how long Tim May himself would last in such a society?  It
wouldn't take much of his arrogant blustering before someone decided that
he had "earned killing".  He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword.

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:00:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: [Fwd: [biofuel] Global atomic agency confesses little can be 
There's a simple solution for this, as well as for many of the other
jumbo-jet-attack scenarios.  Go back to an earlier suggestion by Lucky
: Which of course represents the crux of the issue. The passengers aboard the
: aircraft, the workers in the towers, and the emergency personnel on the
: ground are dead for two reasons: the US unreasonably meddling in other
: People's affairs until they crack, and the extremist gun control measures in
: place in the US today, preventing law-abiding citizens from carrying the
: firearm of their choice aboard a commercial aircraft. Who could deny that a
: few citizens armed with their personal handguns could have stopped two or
: three of guys armed with mere box cutters?
This is a good idea, but it doesn't go far enough.  Guns are not the answer.
Anti-aircraft missiles are the answer.
We should have a government program to distribute anti-aircraft missiles.
Every able-bodied American should be armed with one.  Stinger missiles
use a shoulder launch carrier and can be fired without much technical
Any time an aircraft appears to be off course or behaving oddly, anyone
in the area can shoot it down.  This will be much safer and more reliable
than a gunfight on the airplane.
Let's seem 'em go after our nuclear plants or dams, knowing that vigilant
Americans stand ready to defend these structures with lethal force,
never mind the cost in lives!  After all, the more arms people possess,
the safer the world will be.  That seems to be the philosophy of prominent
Stay tuned for: Why should only TERRORISTS have suitcase nukes?

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:40:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Tim's idea of a closed circuit TV is the best approach, and something I've been thinking of for a long time. By far the best way to interact with anyone you didn't want around. You'd want to couple it with a computerized voice interface that made it sound, at least, that they were dealing with a machine. "State your full name"
"Face the camera"
"Turn face left"
"Turn face right"
"Hold ID up to camera"
"State business"
 and at some point a speaker off to the side or behind them could emit the distinct sound of a 12ga pump action being being worked, followed by a:
"Leave property now"

@_date: 2001-09-27 19:50:29
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
You are full of shit.  The smallpox vaccine is not made from cowpox
or from smallpox (variola) virus.  It is made from the vaccinia virus.
Did you ever wonder where the word "vaccine" comes from?
The reason routine smallpox vaccinations ended was because some people
have a bad reaction to the vaccinia virus, even though a strain is used
that is generally benign.  Since the vaccination was thought to confer
no benefit and does carry some risk, it was discontinued.
Do a google search on "smallpox vaccine" next time before you spout off
with ignorant garbage like this.

@_date: 2001-10-19 23:50:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Critize Israel - Get Fired 
Eric lisped:
  Hey fag boy, we know why you love them ragheads -- a-rabs being known for a preference for buttfucking each other and especially them sweet young boys.

@_date: 2001-10-14 02:20:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: [EMED-L] [Hazmat-WMD] Anthrax - When do we worry? (fwd) 
The latest nytimes.com report describes brown powder:
: The letter postmarked from Trenton, which arrived in a white envelope with
: no return address, contained a brown granular substance, most of which
: was thrown out after it was opened in the offices of the NBC Nightly
: News program on the third floor of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, officials said.
Someone else at NBC is sick now:
: Several people handled the Trenton letter when it was first received at
: NBC, perhaps as early as Sept. 19, including Erin M. O'Connor, the aide
: to Mr. Brokaw, and another woman, who officials would not identify. That
: woman, they said, has had a fever, a rash and swollen lymph nodes,
: symptoms consistent with anthrax exposure and is being treated with
: antibiotics. Officials are awaiting results on a definitive test for
: anthrax exposure, which should be complete within the next day or two.
The unidentified second woman came into contact with the material:
: It was opened by a clerical employee, the unidentified woman who has
: since fallen ill. NBC's president, Neal Shapiro, said the woman then
: brushed the granular material that spilled from the envelope into a
: trash can near her desk.

@_date: 2001-10-11 04:30:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Numbers Stations 
Where, oh where do these fucking idiots come from? This has never even listened to shortwave, yet he's going to babble on about his
totally moronic (not to mention totally statist) ideas about how our
all powerful FCC can somehow control foreign government broadcasts.
    It's really frightening how little mental capacity is needed to
get on line these days.

@_date: 2001-10-01 21:40:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Brinworld: citizens with speed-radar 
Too bad this wasn't California.  According to that states laws, if a
survey shows that average driver speeds are substantially higher than
the posted speed limit, the speed limit must be raised.  It would have
been a sweet irony if these busybodies had ended up with 60 MPH posted
speed limits on their residential streets.

@_date: 2001-10-04 16:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: ZKS Shutdown 
Zero-Knowledge Systems is reported to be shutting down their Freedom
network and product.  A letter has apparently been sent to subscribers
with the bad news.  Could someone please post a copy here?  Does it say
anything about the reasons?  Just lack of money, or something related
to 9/11?
The web sites have not been updated and are still hyping the new version
3.0 released just a few weeks ago.

@_date: 2001-10-06 06:10:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax...coincidence? 
Question of the Day:
Should the U.S. consider using nuclear weapons in response to a chemical
or biological attack?
  Yes     69%
  No      31%

@_date: 2001-10-06 00:00:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do 
The cypherpunk's grip on reality has long been tenuous, but the reality
distortion field has now been tuned to maximum.  The plain language of
printed text is now apparently invisible to the cypherpunk eye:
                                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^

@_date: 2001-10-08 06:40:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Another precious moment from shrub... 
The really peculiar thing about Bush's speech was that while he was
giving his war talk, you could see through the window behind him that
people were flying kites in the park.  How bizarre to juxtapose the
fragile innocence of kite-flying with the harsh reality of warfare.
And anyone notice that Rumsfield is losing it?  At his last press
conference he was shaky, he wasn't answering the questions, he was
trailing off and losing his train of thought.  Reminiscent of Reagan in
his second term.

@_date: 2001-10-08 22:10:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Second man tests positive for anthrax; media building 
Additional information from various reports: the first victim, Stevens,
lived about a mile from the airport where the hijackers practiced.
The Star office building is a few miles away.  Stevens' keyboard at his
office was found contaminated with Anthrax.  The second victim was not
infected internally with Anthrax but spores were found in his nose.
One of the purposes of the nose is to filter junk out before it gets
to the lungs.  If the Anthrax spores are the wrong size they will get
trapped like this.  Part of the art of preparing Anthrax weapons is
getting the particle sizes exactly right.
Hypothesis one: the Star reporters were trying to get a "scoop"
on bioterrorism.  Impossible!  How would they know where to find
bioterrorists?  Did Mohammed Atta and associates go around calling up
tabloids and offering them a "scoop"?  This is inconsistent with the
utter professionalism and secrecy with with the operation was conducted.
Hypothesis two: Stevens was infected via aerial spraying at his home and
carried the spores into the office.  Unlikely but possible.  It would
be difficult to bring enough spores in just on his clothes and person as
to contaminate the office and get spores into the nose of his co-worker.
And why were more people near Stevens' home not affected?  Possibly the
spray was extremely ineffective and only Stevens was unlucky enough to
get a fatal dose.
Hypothesis three: the Star office building was a test for distribution
of Anthrax spores via internal air circulation.  Unlikely but possible.
One would expect to see more internal contamination in the building
than just Stevens' keyboard, and more Star employees affected than two.
Again it is possible that the delivery was inefficient.  It may be that
more contamination was found which has not yet been reported.
Hypothesis four: Stevens was infected through natural environmental
exposure away from work and brought spores into the office.  Highly
unlikely, given the rarity of Anthrax exposure and the difficulty of
bringing in enough spores to infect someone else.
Hypothesis five: Stevens was infected through natural environmental
exposure in the office.  Extremely unlikely: Anthrax is found on animal
products (previous industrial cases have involved exposure to such
things as goat hides) and a photography editor would not be handling
such materials.
The most likely possibilities appear to be numbers two and three,
that this was either a test run or a botched attempt at infecting the
population.  The experts have been claiming for weeks that handling
these bioagents isn't as trivial as fearmongers would suggest.  It seems
probable that such factors are at work here.

@_date: 2001-10-09 21:40:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Google and the Net 
You are all missing the point.  Google was being praised for its specific
feature of acting as an internet-wide cache of old versions of web pages.
Prior to 9/11 the page in question held inflammatory content praising
bin Laden.  Now it's been pulled.  The google cache lets us see the
previous version, thwarting the efforts of the page owner to hide his
earlier sentiments.
Google thus serves as an honesty mechanism, holding people responsible
for what they have said and making it more difficult for them to conceal
revisions to their published opinions.
All this old-fogey talk about "I remember the days before Google" is
nothing but hot air.  Sure, things were harder before search engines;
of course they were, but it's a trivial observation.  The point is that
this often-unappreciated cacheing feature of search engines can have a
powerful influence on the nature of the Web.
It's unfortunate that we have to rely on Google.  Imagine an ongoing,
distributed project to cache the web.  Volunteers could keep tabs on
a subset of corporate and personal web pages and cache old versions
when changes are made.  Rewriting history becomes that much harder.
And it's certainly a better use of computers than seti

@_date: 2001-10-12 03:01:42
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Osama is Jesus 
DB asked:
    Dear me, no, how could Osama be the Anti-Christ? That
was clearly Clinton. The Anti-Christ wouldn't have masses
of people praying for him, only Messiah Osama has so many
devoted followers and disciples.    Bush is just a mindless puppet channeling the Masters of
the Illuminatti.

@_date: 2001-10-11 22:40:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Osama is Jesus 
It is truly remarkable how much Osama resembles all the pictures of Jesus. Not just his facial features, but his eyes,
his presence. Could it be that this is really the Millenium,
the Second Coming is here and now, and we are just on the wrong side? Why else are so many thousands of devout people
praying for his safety, why else do so many call the US the
Great Satan?    Is anyone trying to do an objective comparison of recent
events with the Book of Revelations? Who knows who really caused those planes to crash into the WTC? If the Great Satan controls all the news media who knows what lies we
are being told? Why don't they want us to hear Osama?

@_date: 2001-10-13 00:10:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Evil Empire meets Evil Disease 
CNN is reporting at 8 PM EDT that the Reno, Nevada office of Microsoft
Licensing Incorporated, which handles product licensing agreements for
Microsoft, has received a suspicious letter which has been found to be
contaminated with anthrax.

@_date: 2001-10-16 05:10:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: OT: NBC Lists? 
I'm interested in subscribing to lists that deal with NBC warfare in a terrorist context. I'm interested more in information than uninformed discussion. Any suggestions would appreciated.

@_date: 2001-10-17 02:30:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Safeweb 
Are there any Cypherpunks working at Safeweb? It would be nice to have someone of respectible integrity vouch for this company.

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:00:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Detainees, Personal Libertarianism, and Vengeance 
You're not even being consistent.  You yourself have indicated that you
would engage in murder of those you viewed to be violating your rights.
Even if they have merely inconvenienced you by holding you a few days
longer than you thought proper, or not providing enough access to an
attorney, you would kill the guards and other low-paid employees who
are doing no more than temporarily limiting your freedom of action.
In fact, the other day you threatened to murder a reporter who misquoted
you; in fact, you further suggested you would torture him and kill his
entire family.  These are innocent children who never did a thing to you,
and you would kill them in cold blood.  Only a subhuman animal, devoid
of any semblance of morality and decency, would suggest such a thing.
"How would you like it," to quote your own words, if after commiting these
outrageous crimes, society gave you what you deserved?  Would you enjoy
being put on trial for your life?  Being sentenced to life imprisonment
or death?  How can you support laws against murder, while threatening
that action at every turn?
Of course, the alternative is that you are pathetic liar, a pitiful
blowhard whose bombast is his only hope of concealing his fears and
inadequacies.  You have no intention of killing anyone, which is why you
don't bother with consistency in your impotent rants.  The narcissism
description fit you to a tee.  All you want is attention, like an
immature child.  What a loser.

@_date: 2001-10-20 02:30:18
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Retribution Time 
De time be almost here, good peoples. Time to get yours.
You know what I and I be talkin about -- no more fuckin
around about it. All dem pigs and feds jes be sooo busy
wid dem bin Ladens, dey got no time for us simple folks.
   Time be for I and I to git what we bin waitin for. Git
dem muthafuckas dat bin fuckin wid us all dis time. Git
dem pigs, git dem judges, git dem bill collectors, git dem
banks and take all dat money. Git em all, let God sort dem out. Fuck shit up, any way you ken think of. Git dem assholes
what done you wrong, git dem assholes doin everbody wrong.
But above all, git you some money!
   I and I be talkin somemore bout dis shit pretty soon, hey!
Bo Strange

@_date: 2001-10-22 01:20:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Beefing up security at America's dams and reservoirs 
National Public Radio (NPR) Morning Edition  (11:00 AM AM ET)
Thursday, Oct. 18, 2001
Beefing up security at America's dams and reservoirs
BOB EDWARDS, host: This is MORNING EDITION from NPR News. I'm Bob
Security is tight at many of the nation's 70,000 reservoirs and dams.
There's concern about water contamination from chemical or biological
agents, and about possible attempts to breach the dams. NPR's Howard
Berkes reports. HOWARD BERKES reporting:
All across the country now, guards are on patrol and checkpoints are
in place in an attempt to keep terrorists away from dams. Hoover Dam,
near Las Vegas, has a major regional highway straddling its crest, but
roadblocks as far as 20 miles away hold trucks, buses and big RVs
back. And floating patrols behind and below the dam keep boats away.
Bob Walsh is spokesman for the US Bureau of Reclamation, which manages
Hoover Dam.
Mr. BOB WALSH (US Bureau of Reclamation): You don't want large
vehicles carrying explosives,!
 for example, to be allowed across the
dam. Gasoline tankers, for example, are prohibited from crossing the
dam at this point as well; any type of a hazardous material.
BERKES: The September 11th attacks prompted similar security at some
of the bureau's 500 other dams in 17 Western states. John Keyes is the
commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation.
Commissioner JOHN KEYES (US Bureau of Reclamation): There is no
specific threat against any of our specific facilities, let me put it
that way. But potential for terrorist activity is being provided for.
We are at a high level of security at all of our critical facilities,
both to protect against damage to the facilities themselves and to the
water supplies.
BERKES: The risk at these facilities is enormous. And it's not just
from flooding downstream if a dam is breached or fails. Sixty-one
million people depend on the structures for water, including farmers
producing 60 percent of the nation's vegetables. Bureau dams generate
enough power for six million homes. They're a tempting target for
terrorists, says Tim Brown, a senior analyst at globalsecurity.org.
Mr. TIM BROWN (Senior Analyst, Globalsecurity.org): The entire economy
in the Southwest is dependent upon the electricity and the irrigation
that the dams afford. And the loss of any or all of the dams along the
Colorado River Basin would cripple the economy of the Southwest for
years to come, and could have potentially significant effects on the
US economy in the long run.
BERKES: That's also true for other regions and hundreds of communities
in all parts of the country with critical links to the nation's 70,000
dams. Most were built long before terrorism was considered a strong
domestic threat, notes Bill Bingham, a dam designer and engineer.
Bingham is also president of the US Society on Dams, a national group
focusing on engineering and safety.
Mr. BILL BINGHAM (US Society of Dams): Our dams in the past have not
been designed for severe!
 blast incidents like we would see with a
truckload of explosives across the top a dam, or an aircraft loaded
with fuel crashing into the downstream face of the dam. I don't think
that design criteria encompasses those kinds of issues.
BERKES: So it's unclear, Bingham says, whether dams can be breached by
such attacks. He's calling for a national risk assessment to determine
dam vulnerabilities and ways to protect them.
Mr. BINGHAM: Making sure that you've got the properties as secure as
you can make them; limiting access, and doing regular patrols and
those types of things. And having a current emergency action plan in
the event that there would be some kind of an attack on one of these
BERKES: John Keyes of the US Bureau of Reclamations says he's already
accessing the risk at bureau dams, while also bolstering security.
Mr. KEYES: Terrorism is nothing new to the security for our
facilities. We've deal with Earth Liberation Front and the
ecoterrorism folks f!
or several years. We have prepared for
contingencies involving contamination of reservoir water. We have
emergency preparedness plans for all of our facilities that deal with
inundation downstream. We have a comprehensive dam safety program, as
well as a general security program for protection of those vital
Keyes acknowledges one problem. The bureau has only one armed security
force at Hoover Dam. The rest of its dams depend on unarmed guards and
voluntary help from state and local police who have limited authority
on federal property. Congress is considering legislation to address
that. Bill Bingham of the US Society of Dams, worries more about
state, local and private structures.
Mr. BINGHAM: There are many privately owned or even publicly
owned--non-federal publicly owned dams that do not have emergency
action plans, or security plans.
BERKES: Bingham says some dam owners don't have the money or staff for
more security, and he says states have inconsi!
stent requirements for
emergency action plans. Still, state, local and private dam managers
say they're bolstering their security with state and local police.
Howard Berkes, NPR News.

@_date: 2001-10-23 17:50:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks idiots list 
Posters to the cypherpunks list can be divided into idiots and others.
Idiots seldom contribute anything useful and love to fasten onto threads
which require no more than their uninformed opinions.  Interestingly,
many of the idiots work at low-paying jobs like system administration,
and several of them are unemployed.
The lists below can't cover everyone, but here is a sampling of recent
posters.  Note: if you are an idiot, you may not like being informed
of this fact.  Nevertheless you will find few non-idiots who will disagree
with your classification.  Go ahead and ask for anyone on the non-idiots
list to vouch for you, if you have the balls.
Jim Choate (lifetime member)
Harmon Seaver
Karsten Self
J.A. Terranson
Steve Furlong
James B. DiGriz
Tim May
Bill Stewart
Sandy Sandfort
Greg Broiles
John Young
James Donald
Lucky Green
Eric Cordian
Declan McCullagh (marginal)
Adam Back
Adam Shostack
Eugene Leitl

@_date: 2001-10-23 20:21:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks idiot list 
Of course I know how to use a killfile! I killfiled all you idiots
long ago, but your names and trivial ideas keep getting quoted by
all the important people, AND I JUST CAN'T STAND IT ANYMORE!.
  Have you no shame, how can you dare to even show your face on
a list like this, you stupid, underpaid little twits?
  We divided everyone up like this and published the names in my
highschool, and it worked very well. Everyone knew where they stood,
and just who was really WHO!

@_date: 2001-10-26 00:00:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Torture Never Stops.. 
Listen, its not a return to fascism.
Not by any stretch, so unbunch your
Some Americans are tired of being
stepped on.
Me in particular.
Its way different than the inferrence
you infer. I am sure that we agree on the same stuff, we just dont agree on how to get there.
I would love to meet in the middle someplace, as long as my beloved fellow unblamed citizens remain free
and unharmed in the process.
If a foreign guy ends up in a cell
someplace because of some questionable activities, like LYING about knowing
one of these terror mongers, LYING
about knowing particular details, like having screwy immigration documents....
that shit adds up. It may not MEAN the
guy is guilty of something, but dang...
its preventive medicine. If a guy happens
to get waxed, then a guy happens to get waxed. That happens in prison.
It happens to innocent people in prison.
It happens to guilty people in prison.
It shouldnt happen but it does. Deal somehow
with it.
Anyways, I dont think this will effect
mainstream Americans and the odd cypherpunk
thrown in among them. Unless that cpunk
happens to be Middle Eastern, and guilty
of something previously determined to be suspect. But in the long run will we, considering ourselves Freedom Advocates (believe it or not, I consider myself one), hang ourselves with the collective rope we inadvertently meant to provide to our ropers?
My position:
I am not willing to give up ANYTHING for my
But then again, I dont have screwy immigration documents that would cause anyone to want to usurp my individual freedoms.
I will not give up encryption, or privacy.
Ya know its weird, because I hear the Freedom
folks say: "Oh yea, thats what -they- always say
to you, 'if you have not done anything wrong
then you have nothing to worry about'" and now I feel thats not far from the truth, in
a strange zenexistential way. Someone tell me why thats a bad statement.
I mean, if I HAVE done something wrong, I should be afraid, right?
Heres the message we should try to send
with our words and our actions:
Dont fuck up and try to kill Americans.
Because we will fuck you in your ass with a greased lightning tomahawk missile
that will gut you and your camel, and the 5 wives you both rode in on... along
with those 15 little terrorists a year you
keep pumping out, in your own words. By the way, forget about sex for fun with those
broads... apparently there is a mandate to 'copulate to populate, not just to fornicate'.
SNAP, after lookin at some of 'dat shit, I would rather masturbate. No wonder they wear
veils, dey breath must stank to High Heaven.
Unfortunately, the civilized world is counting on us to hold shit together
for financial stability. So we have to
catch up the guys who have sorta fallen behind and made a mess of things for us
in a way. Smacks of New World Order, dont it?
I dont like it either, but hey...
From a distance, this is al-Hatfields and Wal-McCoys, and we(USA) are Sheriff Andy Taylor
and Israel is Deputy Barney Fucking Fife,
and he keeps shooting himself in the foot every time we try to draw down on that
stupid family feud that we now gotta clean up after cuz the SAUDIS (or the REST of the
arab contingent) cant TCOB, cuz they dont wanna get their hands dirty just to protect their status quo, tally ho, lets get the Americans to do it.
Come on, say it... say what you feeeel man :)
Dont blame the 'extremist right' of America
for this clamping down on our beloved freedoms.
Are you still free?
Can you say what you want in this political climate?
Could you ever?
Does it matter?
Are your papers in order?

@_date: 2001-10-29 03:21:46
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cryptography and the Present Crisis 
Cypherpunks are forgetting everything they are supposed to know.
Does anyone remember why this list was formed?  Does the "cypher" in
cypherpunk mean anything?  Has anyone considered whether there is a role
for crypto technology in the face of the current threats to civil rights?
These new laws are a perfect opportunity to promote the message of
cryptography for privacy.  Virtually all of the provisions which have
cypherpunks wailing in despair can be easily circumvented by the use of
crypto technology.  And every trial balloon floated to limit or ban crypto
has been shot down instantly, so full of holes that it will never fly.
Carnivore will be deployed to snoop on email?  Simple, use PGP/GPG.
Carnivore used for "trap and trace" address gathering?  Simple, use
remailers to disguise the patterns of who you are communicating with.
Legitimate criticism of U.S. government potentially interpreted
as supporting terrorism?  Simple, make your points anonymously or
pseudonymously and be free from the fear of prosecution.
Every one of these policies is an opportunity, not a threat.  To the
extent that these crackdowns engender concern about privacy violations
from a growing segment of the population, this is a chance for cypherpunks
to spread their knowledge and their technology.  You don't have to be
a paranoid any more to be afraid that the government is spying on you.
John Ashcroft himself boasts that Big Government will be watching.
Cypherpunks should be taking advantage of this opportunity to promote
their message of privacy through technology.  For the first time since
the group was formed, they can make a legitimate case that the threat
of government surveillance is increasing.  With the Bill of Rights
being tossed out the window and the AG openly admitting to bending the
rules to achieve his goals, a wide community is going to be receptive
to this message.
Of course there are presently substantial numbers who are caught up in
the collectivist urge and who might view attempts to protect privacy
as unpatriotic.  But this is a temporary phenomenon, already fading.
The flags which flew from every car and building in sight a few weeks ago
are disappearing.  Yet the Draconian new regulations will not go away.
Inevitably there will be a growing segment of the population which sees
the government as a fearsome threat.
It is time for cypherpunks to go back to their roots.  Let us put the
cypher back in cypherpunk.  There are other places where people can whine
about how evil congress is or fantasize about secession from the U.S.
Focus on crypto and what role it can play in the current crisis.  Believe
it or not, no one else is doing that.  No one in the world is speaking
out to say, here are tools which can circumvent the government's efforts
to take away our privacy.  If the cypherpunks don't do it, no one will.

@_date: 2001-11-24 23:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Walk For Capitalism, 2nd December 
World-wide pro-freedom walk.
Please see  for details
More organizators needed!

@_date: 2001-11-08 14:40:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Chemical defense 
Anonymous asked:
    Except make it all that more likely that Salvinorum would be scheduled.
A much better choice anyway for defensive (or offensive, for that matter)
would be nicotine. Easy to get, one drop of pure nicotine on someones skin
would be deadly. A dilute dose would knock them out -- the dog catchers
used nicotine in dart guns to knock out dogs. Problem was, a bit
too much and the dog died, not enough and it just got woozy.    So with a squirt gun full of DMSO and nicotine, you just squirt the
perp again, if the first wasn't enough. The medical examiner would probably decide it was a heart attack.

@_date: 2001-11-06 00:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: First Polygraphs and Then Torture? 
However, this means that IF you have due process, then a person CAN be
compelled to be a witness against himself, and be deprived of life,
liberty and property.  Hence using truth drugs or torture would be
perfectly constitutional if due process is used, according to the Fifth
Amendment.  As a supporter of the Constitution you are now obligated to
defend to the death those who would torture prisoners, as long as they
first get a judge's approval.

@_date: 2001-11-07 17:40:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: URL for Timothy May death story 
APTOS - One of the country's most influential anarchist internet
activists was killed early Tuesday in a hail of gunfire when law officers
tried to arrest him on a warrant accusing him of aggravated assault.
Timothy C. May, 50, whose apocalyptic, anti-government internet postings
were a major influence on Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh, was
shot to death after May shot and critically wounded a Santa Cruz County
sheriff's deputy who had tried to arrest him, officers said.
Sandy Sandfort, a Bay Area lawyer and friend of May, said he didn't
think the police operation was unjustified.
"I think Tim just went nuts. He was looking for martyrdom anyway and
swore he would never surrender," Sandfort said. "They had him dead to
rights on the aggravated assault."
"He had vowed that he would not be taken alive," said Tom McCombs,
a spokesman for the U.S. Marshal's Service in Santa Cruz.
A spokesman for a group that tracks anarchists said the shooting wasn't
surprising given May's history. In addition to his postings, he was
known within the anarchist movement for an influential document called
the Cyphernomicon, in which he wrote about overthrowing governments.
"For more than 3 1/2 years, he had been holed up in his house in
Corralitos, threatening to kill police officers and federal agents,"
said Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center. "He was talked about
as a guy who talked crazy and made a lot of threats. The reality is that
people like him are frequently exceedingly dangerous."

@_date: 2001-11-08 05:30:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
Read this from Tim May, November 3:
   It really is no business of government to know the identities of those    whose bags/etc.  they are checking. Having government able to single out    some travellers for special processing is a recipe for this kind of    mischief.
   BTW, the _wrong_ tack to take would be some argument about a "right to    travel," some over-ruling of Southwest's or United's right to pick its    customers as it wishes. The preferred approach should be to have no ID    at the _security_ checkpoint and to not have any laws requiring ID tied    to tickets.
He suggests having no ID or other history information available to
help screeners make their decision, nothing but whatever clues can be
gleaned in the brief moments available.  Anybody want to fly *those*
friendly skies?

@_date: 2001-11-07 20:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
Tim May:
And yet we expect airport screeners to ignore past acts of terrorism
by a wild-eyed fanatic boarding a plan, and observe strict neutrality,
spending not one second more on him than on the guy taking the wife
and kids to see grandma.  The airport guards are supposed to forget the
past and rely only on what limited information they can gather in the
few seconds they have for inspection.
Anybody notice the inconsistency here?  Why support data repositories
to keep people's past transgressions alive, while calling for willful
ignorance on the part of those charged with protecting the lives of the
flying public?
Information is good.  More is better.  Airport security should know
everything possible about those boarding the planes.  Blacknet will
gladly make the data available, for a fee.  Neither Tim May nor anyone
else can stop the flow of information.

@_date: 2001-11-08 04:20:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: More silly stuff ( was RE: Enemy at the Door ) 
keyser-soze wrote :
mmotyka says:
A deadly weapon triggered by unreliable SW using a nonexistant database
would just give away the fact that you're on to the enemy and cause you
undue legal grief. If your own surveillance remains a secret you're in a
stronger position. Besides, should you care to tip your hand you might
start with something simpler like indelible purple dye. IIRC human skin
has a replacement period of ~3 weeks. Chances are your intruders would
be from some local or regional installation. Purple people shouldn't be
too tough to spot as they make their way to the office and home again (
unless you live in California ). Your more aggressive tactics could then
be employed at a time and place of your choosing.
 Much funnier would be a spray of DMSO mixed with DMT. And reapplyed evertime they tried to get up. That way, if you made a mistake, and it got
you -- oh well. But for a tensed up, uptight LEO -- he'd probably never recover. And still be there babbling for you to have a little fun
with when you got home.

@_date: 2001-11-09 00:10:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
There are so many misconceptions floating around here it's hard to know
where to begin.  But let's start with two points of agreement.
First, airport screening is far from perfect.  There is no way to detect
all possible threats coming on the airplane.  And given the technology
and time available, it will always be possible to smuggle aboard knives,
explosives and other dangerous devices more than sufficient to risk the
lives of everyone on that airplane.
Second, no ID based system is perfect, either.  People can falsify their
ID with varying degrees of expense and difficulty.  Moving to biometrics
can help but these can be spoofed as well.
But to conclude from these points that we should just let everyone
walk onto a plane with no more than the cursory inspection that has
been used in the past is pure bullshit.  Absence of perfection is no
argument against a system.  Someone once said that "all cryptography
is economics."  Well, all security is economics as well.  Any argument
which is based on the fact that loopholes and failures will exist is
irrelevant.  The point of security is to raise the cost of breaching it.
That's all.  Understanding and accepting this would raise the level of
the dialog considerably.
Given this fact, it makes no sense to intentionally blind screeners
to relevant data when performing their security analysis.  Those guards
should have every scrap of information possible available to them.  People
who have a history of violence, who make threats, who are associates
with known terrorists, all represent correspondingly greater risks.
An efficient screening system will use this information to determine
how carefully each passenger is examined.
Resources are finite, and it is highly inefficient to apply exactly the
same procedure to each individual.  You'll have far more security for the
same cost by allocating greater security resources to those individuals
who pose the greatest risk based on the data available.  They are the ones
who need their bags hand-searched.  They need the metal detector wand run
over their entire bodies.  They can empty their pockets and have their
shoes removed and inspected.  It is not practical to apply this level of
scrutiny to every passenger.  But by making use of public information,
high risk individuals can be subjected to high levels of inspection.
This is where the irony was pointed out, of cypherpunks calling for limits
on the use of information!  A group which prides itself on developing
technologies that can keep damaging information alive is suddenly afraid,
now that they may be the ones to suffer from their own past words.
Tim May himself has called for the nuclear destruction of Washington, DC.
He has expressed support for the actions of Tim McMay, sorry, McVeigh.
He threatens death to judges, police officers, even reporters who
misquote him.  He has said that the local police have put him on their
watch list as a potentially dangerous individual.  Clearly, he would be
a prime target for any selective screening effort.  And this is entirely
appropriate.  Certainly many of us here would feel more comfortable
riding on a plane with an unstable, violent individual if he had been
searched thoroughly, preferably including body cavities.
Some have claimed to object only because the government is involved in
the search.  That's a red herring in this case.  Yes, the government is
setting security policies, but they are only responding to public demand.
Any fully private security system would see the same kinds of checks in
order to get the flying public back into the air.  No one wants to fly
with someone who has a history of calling for the violent overthrow of
the U.S. government at a time when planes are being turned into guided
Then there is the absurd fantasy that if unregulated, some airlines
would differentiate themselves by offering minimal screening in order
to corner the lucrative market composed of all the Tim McVeighs of
the world.  Only a blind man would think that businesses work this way.
In every industry there are a limited number of profitable market niches
and companies fight for those.  Fringe markets, like people who want
to fly with unscreened terrorists, are not served.  (Look at all the
successful companies selling products to cypherpunks.)  There would be
no airlines seeking such a market.  At a time when passenger levels have
dropped precipitously the airlines will do everything they can to assure
their passengers that they are safe.  That means screening of exactly
the type we are discussing.
A few other irrelevant points have been made.  Given that ID is not
perfectly reliable, do we need to tattoo numbers on people's forearms?
This is the fallacy of perfection.  ID can be combined with a simple
thumbprint for biometric identification (already widely used for cashing
checks) and you will raise the cost of forgery considerably.  Many of
the hijackers would have been caught simply by cross-referencing their
IDs against existing databases.  That's what El Al does and they have an
excellent safety record in the most terrorist-infested part of the world.
What about Chaum credentials?  Well, how would they help?  Are you
going to show a not-a-terrorist credential?  No one is in a position
to issue such a thing.  And even if you had one, how would you prove
it isn't stolen?  If ID can be forged then so can any other sort of
credential.  The Chaum technology is nothing but a pipe dream anyway.
It's never been used and never will be, because there is no incentive
(see above re unserved markets).
Then there is this whole "credential vs capability" debate.  This is
nothing but an ivory tower abstraction with very little relevance to
the practical problems involved in screening real people before they
get on an airplane.  Here's an arab guy who looks shifty and nervous.
They do a biometric face scan and run it through the customs database
against known terrorists.  Is that a credential?  A capability?  Neither,
it's just good security sense and the use of all information resources
When confronted with an unpleasant reality, cypherpunks retreat into
their imaginary world of abstractions.  That doesn't help when planes
are falling from the skies.  Try to stick with reality for a few minutes
at least.  Information which is available will be used.  Screeners are
free to use any and all information that is relevant in assessing risk.
If cypherpunks would remove their blinders they would see that this is
entirely in keeping with the ideas of Blacknet and information wanting
to be free.  What, is Blacknet going to refuse to sell to Argenbright?
This is how far cypherpunks have come from their free market roots,
that somehow they think that information can be kept under wraps just
because it doesn't fit their ideology.  It's amazing to see a supposedly
pro-information group suddenly claiming that their own pasts should be
off limits when faced with a life or death situation.  Cypherpunks need
to take a harder look at themselves and resolve this contradiction.

@_date: 2001-11-09 08:50:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: America the Damned 
U.S. Code Title 18, Chapter 115:
    Sec. 2384. Seditious conspiracy
      If two or more persons in any State or Territory, or in any place
    subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, conspire to
    overthrow, put down, or to destroy by force the Government of the
    United States, or to levy war against them, or to oppose by force
    the authority thereof, or by force to prevent, hinder, or delay the
    execution of any law of the United States, or by force to seize,
    take, or possess any property of the United States contrary to the
    authority thereof, they shall each be fined under this title or
    imprisoned not more than twenty years, or both.
    Sec. 2385. Advocating overthrow of Government
      Whoever knowingly or willfully advocates, abets, advises, or
    teaches the duty, necessity, desirability, or propriety of
    overthrowing or destroying the government of the United States or
    the government of any State, Territory, District or Possession
    thereof, or the government of any political subdivision therein, by
    force or violence, or by the assassination of any officer of any
    such government; or
      Whoever, with intent to cause the overthrow or destruction of any
    such government, prints, publishes, edits, issues, circulates,
    sells, distributes, or publicly displays any written or printed
    matter advocating, advising, or teaching the duty, necessity,
    desirability, or propriety of overthrowing or destroying any
    government in the United States by force or violence, or attempts
    to do so; or
      Whoever organizes or helps or attempts to organize any society,
    group, or assembly of persons who teach, advocate, or encourage the
    overthrow or destruction of any such government by force or
    violence; or becomes or is a member of, or affiliates with, any
    such society, group, or assembly of persons, knowing the purposes
    thereof -
      Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than
    twenty years, or both, and shall be ineligible for employment by
    the United States or any department or agency thereof, for the five
    years next following his conviction....
These laws broadly forbid organizing to use force to attack the
government.  But the cypherpunks movement was originally conceived
as a way to evade government, not to attack it.  Using cryptography,
people could communicate freely and avoid government regulations; they
could make voluntary agreements without the government being able to
interfere; they could exchange goods and services of value without the
government being able to take a share.  None of this involved using
force in any way.  At most it would make the government irrelevant by
giving people the opportunity voluntarily to move their activities out
of its sphere of influence.
It was only when Tim May turned away from cryptography and shifted his
focus to firearms and Y2K and violent fantasies of revenge that the tone
of the group changed.  It is very likely that many of his writings fit
the definition above, being made "with intent to cause the overthrow
or destruction of any such government," and "advocating, advising, or
teaching the duty, necessity, desirability, or propriety of overthrowing
or destroying any government in the United States by force or violence".
Tim May has advised us many times to kill judges and police officers,
congressmen and jail guards.  He has said endlessly that the U.S.
government needs to be overthrown by violence.
All of us will agree that such statements should be legal, on the
principle of freedom of speech, even if we find the sentiments abhorrent.
But these calls for violence have nothing to do with the cypherpunk
movement.  They don't belong here.  Tim May has turned this mailing list
into his personal toilet, an outlet for his impotent revenge fantasies.
In doing so he has not only destroyed what was once one of the finest
discussion forums in the world; he may have endangered other subscribers,
if those outdated and unconstitutional laws are ever put back into force.

@_date: 2001-11-13 08:40:26
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Rating System 
Cypherpunk Rating System
The Platform for Internet Content Selection (PICS) is a W3C initiative
to provide for labeling content on the internet.  Initially designed as
an alternative to the Communications Decency Act and similar legislation
intended to protect children from objectionable content, PICS allows both
self-labeling and third-party labeling of web pages.  The most widely used
rating system is that provided by the Internet Content Rating Association,
 which replaces the older RSACi system (not the crypto RSA,
it stood for Recreational Software Association).
There is also the hilarious Vancouver rating system at
 which gives points
for Multiculturalism ("Active involvement of user in multicultural
activity using interactive techniques"), Environmental Awareness,
Tolerance, Safety ("Active promotion of safe work and personal
behaviour"), and of course, the highly important Canadian Content rating.
Clearly these rating systems are either Puritanical or politically correct
to an obnoxious degree.  Nevertheless the notion of providing additional
information about the content of an article is valid within the cypherpunk
worldview.  Content labels can usefully add to the information present
in the Subject and From fields.  This information can then be used on
an individual basis to filter content.
Killfiles are an obvious application of this approach, and in fact certain
writers have effectively disappeared from the lists for an ever-increasing
number of subscribers.  Filtering based on content labels is no more
in conflict with cypherpunk goals and ideals than killfiling the likes
of Choate.
Although PICS was designed for web pages, it can be used for mailing list
postings as well.  The W3C pages at  provide a
simple mechanism for passing PICS ratings in any RFC822 (now RFC2822)
environment (that is, email).  A new header is defined, PICS-Label,
which is followed by the relevant information.  The PICS syntax is
reasonably compact, however it includes a URL which provides a human
readable description of the meaning of the labels.  A sample label might
PICS-Label: (PICS-1.1 " l r (topics tpg ap pp))
The header is followed by the URL which defines the rating system.
l means labels and r means ratings, and then the ratings themselves are
in parentheses, using the rules defined at the URL.  This example uses
an unordered list of topic keywords which follow the word "topics",
which are defined below.
More complex ratings systems can be defined allowing numerical evaluation
on a variety of scales.  Those ideas may be worth pursuing.  But to
start with, here are some possible topic categories with their associated
keywords for the ratings tuple:
Topic categories, which follow the word "topics":
e     Encryption
ap    Anonymity/pseudonymity
tc    Technical crypto
cob   Cypherpunk oriented businesses
tpg   Threats to privacy by government
tpng  Threats to privacy by business and NGOs
gb    guns/bombs
bt    booby traps
pp    Political parties
pe    Political elections
Clearly it would be highly ironic for a pro-privacy group like the
cypherpunks to adopt PICS technology, which has been widely criticized
by free speech groups.  Nevertheless it would be instructive to have an
example where ratings are used for the opposite of the politically correct
purposes for which they were originally intended.  Cypherpunks could
use PICS to help find information on defeating government surveillance
and interfering with the increasing crackdowns on civil liberties.
Even if the system is not used much, the act of defining the vocabulary
could set a useful precedent.  It might even be possible to convince the
W3C to link to the cypherpunks rating system, since they were willing
to link to Vancouver.  Then anyone who researches this topic will be
exposed to the cypherpunk view of the world.
Suggestions for expanding the rating system are welcome.
"I write about what I desire to write about." - Tim May

@_date: 2001-11-14 20:10:31
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
First, this is probably not true.  Tim May often uses hyperbole,
exaggeration and satire to make his points.  There may or may not have
been a gathering but it is unlikely to have been for the purpose of
learning how to be a terrorist.
Second, training in such matters would be useless and counterproductive.
There is no point in patriotic Americans learning to use weapons and
explosives for the purpose of terrorism.  Any attempt to use such tools
would injure or kill people and lead to an even greater loss of our
remaining civil libertires.  It would weaken the position of those who
are fighting to preserve our rights, bring more military occupation of
American cities, and produce more government surveillance.
Third, "monkeywrenching" may actually be a positive strategy, if employed
intelligently.  The idea would be to make the government occupation more
expensive and difficult, and to promote public distrust and resentment of
the government's efforts to expand its control.  It is however important
that the provocation doesn't go too far and trigger a public relations
backlash.  Small steps must be taken at this point while people still
overwhelmingly support government actions.
Of course subtlety is not exactly a Tim May trademark.  (At least, not
the bloodthirsty blowhard of today.  Where is the man who came up with
the idea of Big Brother Inside stickers?).  Let us hope that cooler
heads are involved in the planning of any such effort.
An earlier version of this message was sent but has not yet appeared.
Here are some additional thoughts.
A good example of monkeywrenching can be found at the article posted
earlier, This shows an apparently legitimate flyer from the "Phoenix FBI Joint
Terrorism Task Force" telling people whom they should watch out for.
It includes people who "make numerous references to the US constitution",
people who are "'defenders' of the US constitution against federal
government and the UN", people who attempt to "police the police" and
so on.
These will already raise red flags even among mainstream Americans.
How easy it would be to make an altered version of this flyer which
shades just a bit more into questionable territory.  People who object
to surveillance by the government; people who oppose stationing soldiers
in public places; people who refuse to pledge allegiance to the flag;
people who won't show their identity papers on request; there are all
kinds of dangerous individuals out there.  The slope is slippery, and
it would be easy to slide just a little ways farther down.
Printing copies of such a flyer and leaving them in public places would
be a good way to get people thinking about how much they are giving up.
It might even be possible to get a know-nothing police officer to join
in the distribution, someone whose authoritarian political perspective
will make him blind to the satire.

@_date: 2001-11-15 07:20:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Red Herring: Terrorism and the challenge to globalization. 
Stupid article, and your comment doesn't make much sense either.
First, the terrorist attacks are the best thing that has ever happened
for globalization.  No one is a purer anti-globalist than bin Laden.
Now the anti-global movement is associated with death and terror.
Anti-globalization protests have been scaled back and cancelled all
around the world since September 11.  To the extent that radical Islam
is the new standard bearer for anti-globalism, the movement is doomed.
Contrary to the predictions of this article, the only hope for the
anti-globalists is to disassociate themselves as fast as possible from
Islamic terrorism.  That's going to be tough, given the images that are
burned forever into people's minds.
Second, we can update Gordon Gecko's line from Wall Street.  Instead of
"greed is good," now "globalism is good".  Globalism is a matter of
free association and free choice for billions of people.  It represents
market capitalism at its best, with each country providing those goods and
services at which it has a comparative advantage.  Globalism is freedom.
Third, cypherpunk technologies will promote globalism.  To the extent that
the future is cast as a battle between global capitalism and democracy,
technology is on the side of capitalism.  Democracy is an inherently
coercive institution.  It relies on physical force to achieve its goals.
Capitalism is non-coercive.  It is cooperative.  It invites, it does not
compel.  Cypherpunk technologies enhance the opportunities to interact
in cooperative ways, free of external coercion.  If they can't see what
you do, they can't control what you do.  Cypherpunks are supporting
globalism by their actions, whether they understand that or not.

@_date: 2001-11-18 00:58:40
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunk failures 
Speaking of laws by Christmas, anyone want to give odds on the accuracy
of Tim May's prediction on September 13:
   Dark times are coming. I'll bet a complete ban on strong, unescrowed    crypto is passed in all European countries, Russia, China, Japan, and    the U.S. by, say, December 15th.
   I'm betting, as I said in my last post, that strong unescrowed crypto    will be illegal by December 15th.
Does anyone think this prediction will come true?  Or is it as mistaken
as so many other Tim May predictions over the years?  And by the way,
who was Tim May betting with?  Hopefully the sum they stand to gain
is substantial.
The larger question is, what is it about the cypherpunk worldview which
is so wrong?  Why do cypherpunks constantly predict events which don't
come true?  And is this faulty vision responsible for the failure of
the cypherpunks to maintain their cultural and technological influence,
and to make progress towards their goals?
The most crippling error of the cypherpunks has been their unremitting
pessimism.  Ever since the group was created they have predicted imminent
crackdowns on cryptography.  And yet the trend has consistently been in
the opposite direction.  Rather than keeping to an optimistic vision of a
better world, cypherpunks have sunk into a morass of doomsaying.  The Y2K
debacle was perhaps the most prominent example of failed pessimism.
Why work on crypto if the world is coming to an end?
Another mistake has been to view the world in simplistic terms of black
and white, true patriots versus those who "need killin'".  Government
in this view is a monolithic entity with the single-minded goal of
destroying individual rights and creating a tyrannical dictatorship.
Society is composed of "sheeple" who are ignorant of their own best
interests and easily manipulated by those in power.  This view ignores
the complex nature of political and corporate influence and the many
competing groups which vie for power in the world.
And of course much energy has been wasted in internal debate and rhetoric
which, because founded on these erroneous points, has been useless and
irrelevant.  It's easier to moan and complain when bad things happen
than to adopt a positive view of the world and work in an optimistic
way to make it happen.
Meanwhile the most interesting technological changes are passing the
cypherpunks by.  The open source movement, peer to peer exchange, the
music and copyright wars, all have had little impact in the cypherpunk
world.  Peer to peer technology alone has tremendous potential as a
foundation for long-term cypherpunk dreams like anonymizing proxies,
encrypted data sharing, eternity, even DC nets.  Encryption should be
a fundamental part of file sharing systems.  Digital reputations are
the solution to the problem of bogus data being maliciously inserted
into networks in order to clog them and interfere with searches.
Crypto protocols can help against some kinds of denial of service attacks.
If cypherpunks had been engaged in the world over the last few years
instead of staring into their pessimistic navels, they could have played
a part in today's revolutions.  As it is, they appear to be "headed
for the trash heap of history," to use Tim May's unfortunate phrase.
Maybe it's not too late.  But if this group is ever to resume its role
as an exciting place where the future of computing is visible, it must
refocus its efforts.  Cypherpunks should think positively, look past
current troubles, and start talking again about crypto technology and
how it can change the world.  That would be a conversation worth having.

@_date: 2001-11-18 20:00:25
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Pricing spare resources and options? 
In a competitive market, prices will tend to stabilize at the cost to
the supplier, plus profit.  Demand comes in by setting the production
level, which in turn influences costs due to economies of scale and
diminishing returns.  However at least initially the resources supplied
via network services, like storage, will be a small part of the overall
market and so network demand will not affect costs much and we can treat
them as fixed and given.
The price of a network service, then, should be roughly the cost to the
provider based on today's market prices.  This will be derived from the
initial costs divided by the depreciation period, plus ongoing costs.
With disk drive prices dropping so rapidly they probably should be
depreciated in just a couple of years despite the fact that they will
last longer.  So at about $100 for 50 GB for two years the cost would be
$2 per GB of data stored per year.  Then you'd add in your network costs,
divided by the number of users for a per-user cost, and costs of other
fixed equipment like the computer itself, appropriately depreciated.
Generally the purpose of futures and options, in the big picture, is to
allow management of risk.  People can protect themselves against price
changes by transferring the risk to speculators.  (Of course each market
participant has his own motivations, but collectively this is the emergent
behavior which justifies options trading.)
Disk space doesn't seem to be a very good candidate for options because
its price has so far been very stable and predictable.  We don't see
too many price spikes in the disk drive market that someone might want
to protect themselves against.  The prices follow a generally consistent
Moore's law although the exact rate of decline varies somewhat from year
to year.
Similarly, with other computer commodities like CPU and network bandwidth,
price trends are generally stable.  A more promising candidate might be
RAM memory options.  RAM prices has been somewhat volatile over the past
decade and computer manufacturers might benefit from an option market
to purchase risk protection.  But it's certainly not going to be at the
scale of the currency, stock index and agricultural futures and options
which are widely traded today.

@_date: 2001-11-19 19:30:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Pay to Play in Information Markets 
This has been a long debate among hard-core capitalist types who want
to see everything have a price.  In a voluntary system for exchanging
and publishing information, who should pay and who should be paid?
Of course the easy answer is that the market will decide.  But when
you're trying to design the mechanisms then you have to anticipate the
market's needs.  You have to predict what the market will decide.
Unfortunately, the realistic answer seems to be that many possible
patterns of payment will be desired by the market.   In some cases
providers of data will pay others to read it: advertising, political or
persuasive arguments, reputation-building essays.  In other cases people
who want the data will pay those who provide it: music and other arts,
entertaining and informative works.
MN identifies three roles: author, consumer, and publisher (they don't
necessarily use these names).  The author creates the data (or supplies
data authored by someone else).  The publisher provides the resources to
make it available: disk space, network access.  The consumer downloads the
data and uses it.  In some cases the author and publisher may be the same.
It seems reasonable that the consumer would pay the publisher for most
data.  Presuming that the consumer is going to the trouble of downloading
the data, he must want it and so he will be willing to pay for it.  There
may be some examples as noted above where the author wants to subsidize
the consumer's access.
In the MN model, the consumer pays the publisher, and the author pays
the publisher as well.  This latter aspect is the most controversial.
Why should an author pay to get his data distributed?  Well, as noted
above there are some cases where it makes sense, but in those cases
the author also wants to encourage consumers to download his work.
Just putting it on servers is not enough.  MN does not provide for a
subsidy or payment to downloaders.
Ideally the publisher should be able to pay the author for the work.
This corresponds most closely to the traditional publishing model.
Talented authors get paid by their publishers, who then receive payment
themselves by consumers.  For this to work though the publisher must
be able to make judgements about which authors are talented.  In the
traditional publishing world this is handled by reputation and human
judgement.  It might be possible to automate this to a considerable
extent using cryptographic reputations, but it is a new area that would
need much infrastructure development.
A mailing list such as this one is a microcosm of an information
exchange, one where no payment is possible.  Each person who posts
puts some effort into creating his message (some more than others).
Some people's messages are worth reading and subscribers might even be
willing to pay to get them.  Others serve more to gratify the ego of
the writer and he might have to pay to get his contributions read.
Imagine a cash-based mailing list (perhaps using play money).  Each
contributer would either pay or get paid for his submissions, depending
on his current reputation.  Subscribers would have a quantity of cash
flow that they could funnel towards the reputation of the authors they
enjoyed the most.  Slashdot's karma system is similar to this and it
does a pretty good job of separating the quality from the crap, although
there are complaints that it promotes groupthink.  A system based more
openly on cash payments could be a model for future information markets.

@_date: 2001-11-21 02:40:35
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: The bookburning begins... 
Yet another cypherpunk idiocy, the idea that the government is scurrying
about trying to get information on cryptography out of libraries.  A
good example of the narrow focus and lack of reasoning on the part of
The government is trying to make it harder to get sensitive information
related to infrastructure vulnerabilities.  It has no interest in
suppressing information on a widely used technology like crypto.
You might as well predict that they will pull all the books about the
internet off library shelves in order to try to improve network security.
And by the way, Marc de Piolenc, what happened to your assignment about
using Chaumian credentials to improve air travel security?  You were
given the favor of pointers to Chaum's papers; you were expected to
provide something back in return, quid pro quo.  Why don't you work on
that instead of inflicting unfounded opinions on the group?

@_date: 2001-11-20 21:40:23
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: The bookburning begins... 
Well, if google controls usenet history, why wouldn't a violence monopoly control logs and the history of the lands it ... controls ? (for all practical purposes the government is a corporation with a very effective PR department and pesuasive means, which it uses to successfuly convince customers that it works for them, that it is even controlled by them. And as we know, branding ... er patriotism ... works)
Back to archives.
One of the solutions was described in Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451: memorize the stuff. It's much easier with computers these days. Download and backup the information YOU deem valuable. It's your fucking choice, don't expect others to do it. It is trivially easy, maybe as easy as whining about bookburning.
Look at JYA - all he does is memorize, memorize. Archiving is a valuable service.
The Unsolved Problem
The most serious problem is getting out of the reach ("juristiction") of a particular Violence, Inc. franchise. Not just storage-wise, but access-wise. Even if I rent a server in Tripoli, the access to it goes through wires controlled by my local ViolCo. It is not filtering out Tripoli now, but I have no doubt that it will should the need arise. You can hide bits by encryption, but you (still) can't hide wires.
unrelated - did you notice that "for the children" meme is almost gone and replaced with "against the terrorism" ?

@_date: 2001-11-27 17:59:40
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Anonymizing Scam 
These are good points, but the mystery is why you don't apply them to
yourself.  Why not challenge your own reputation and trustworthiness?
You are no better than Lance Cottrell, are you?  You serve law enforcement
agencies as well as private individuals.  You are in much the same
position as Lance to learn about sensitive browsing habits which would
be of interest to the government.  You are no more deserving of trust
than he or anyone else.
Rather than make accusations about other people, why not eliminate the
middleman and make accusations about yourself?  End your hypocrisy.  Say,
"I may be sucking up to law enforcement agencies.  I may be recording
people's browsing habits and supplying them to interested parties,
with appropriate compensation.  I am not deserving of trust, in fact I
may be concealing betrayal.  Nothing I have done in the past should be
interpreted in any way to assume that I will not change in the future
and begin selling out my friends and those who rely on me."
You believe that this is the attitude we should take towards you, don't
you?  Why not come forward and say it.  If you don't think we should
trust you, say so.  If you don't think you deserve our trust, admit it.
You don't need to search out other people's flaws when your own are so
much closer at hand.

@_date: 2001-11-23 22:10:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Anonymizing Scam 
Are you implying that Lance Cottrell is making anonymous surfing data
available to security agencies?  That is a strong accusation and if you
want to make it, you should do so explicitly.  You are calling him a
liar and a fraud.
Nothing in the article you quote gives you any foundation for such
a claim.  All it says is that agencies are using Anonymizer to browse
anonymously, just like its other customers.  Any crypto technology, if
it is truly useful, can be used by government agencies as well as others.
One might as well accuse you of conspiracy since cryptome often serves
TLAs:  You fraud!  You are saving people's access patterns to your files
and making them available to the police!  How dare you!
These accusations are as unfounded as those you made against Lance.
Those who make such claims should provide evidence and not innuendo.

@_date: 2001-12-28 10:50:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Explosive smuggling 
Yeah but then you have to explain that you have an implant or
somesuch when you trigger the magnetometer.  This 'dual activator system' ---the equivalent of a mechanical pin you must pull or push to arm the primary trigger--- is the solution to the mechanical
trigger problem.
If all you want to do is drop it, a perfume bottle with some
volitile nerve agent will work ---do pilots have separate air? Amusingly, a plane flew over rural NorCal, pilotless, after it escaped
while being worked on.  Presumably it crashed somewhere in the hills.
No talk of F15s because the un-pilot called the FAA.
And, a small plane (piloted by arabic-surnamed but nonhostile people, because
Allah has a twisted sense of humor) crashed a mile from San Onofre ---communities around which may be offered KI, its also reported.
Curiouser and curiouser.
Imagine if Jim "butyric acid" Bell had been a mujahadeen...
dimethyl mercury, anyone?

@_date: 2001-12-24 08:00:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: PayPal for buying ecash 
PayPal is a possible funding source for ecash/estamps/remailer-tokens
or whatever.  With a PayPal account you can receive funds and pay people,
two elementary steps for a cash-based system.  It is easy to set up web
software to receive payment via PayPal, and many people are already
in the system (it is the most widely used payment system for eBay).
Payments either go through the credit card clearing houses or via PayPal
itself, but merchants don't have to be aware of the difference, except
for the danger of reversed transactions.
There are plenty of horror stories on the web about PayPal, from such
sites as  and   Probably some
fraction of these are from pissed off scammers who got caught.
There appears to be a specific problem in the PayPal terms of service:
13.  No Cash Advances. You agree not to engage in behavior that could
     reasonably be construed as providing yourself a cash advance from
     your credit card, and agree not to assist Users who engage in
     behavior that could reasonably be construed as providing themselves
     a cash advance from their credit cards. Such behavior includes, but
     is not limited to, a User paying someone with a credit card-funded
     payment through the Service, then receiving the funds back from the
     original Recipient and attempting to withdraw the funds from their
     account. PayPal reserves the right to reverse all such transactions
     and to terminate any accounts that are associated with such behavior.
This kind of transaction could easily happen with an ecash-selling
service, if the ecash can be redeemed via PayPal.  Someone buys some ecash
with a credit card, cashes in the ecash for funds in his PayPal account,
and then withdraws the funds.  This would be an express violation of
the PayPal terms of service.
Besides this problem, there is the danger of reversed transactions.
Someone who buys ecash with a credit card can cancel the transaction for
any of several reasons, such as claiming that it was done via a stolen
credit card.  In that case PayPal makes the merchant (the ecash bank)
take the loss.
A competing service from Citibank is   It is relatively
new and does not have all of the conditions and limitations that
PayPal does.  The terms of service appear to be relatively generous.
Citibank is a big company so one might hope that they have gone over
the bases.  Still it is possible that if C2It catches on that Citibank
will eventually be forced to put in the same kinds of limitations that
PayPal has.
C2It also seems to be more oriented towards email and may not have
the shopping cart software that PayPal provides.  That could make it
harder to interface to C2It from a script.  Buying ecash will require at
least one data exchange for supplying blinded data and receiving coins,
independent of how the ecash is paid for.  If that data exchange is
separate from the email-based C2It payment transaction then there has
to be some key to link them together.  That will complicate the process
and introduce new possibilities for error.

@_date: 2001-12-24 02:00:26
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Coderpunks down? 
has no messages from coderpunks since
December 7.  Ryan Lackey posted a message to cypherpunks and coderpunks
on Friday December 22 but it has not appeared on coderpunks.  Is that
list down?  Who is the administrator?

@_date: 2001-12-15 00:30:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: SWOT (formerly "Phil Zimmermann on key exchange") 
Paul Holman writes, to about 10 email lists:
See which has links to an article about the Zimmermann speech at
 and some ideas from Brad
Templeton at

@_date: 2001-12-27 00:20:31
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: CFP: PKI research workshop 
Could someone define PKI (beyond just what it stands for, Public Key
Infrastructure)?  It looks like you are all talking past each other by
using the term to mean different things.

@_date: 2001-12-06 06:40:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Meta-reputations 
To summarize:
You can sell nyms by transferring private keys.  Whether other people
like it or not, it can be done.  And others can't necessarily tell.
There is nothing to stop someone from transferring his private key
in this way.  Any reputation goes along with the nym, and this may be
quite valuable.  As Wolf points out, building up a reputation is a lot
harder than maintaining one.
The main problem is how to do the transfer cleanly, such that the former
nym owner can't damage the reputation once sold.  Several solutions
have been offered, involving doing a key change.  Complications arise
in terms of making the old key useless, but these can probably be worked
out using careful timing, as well as escrow services.
Here is another way to handle it: meta-reputation.  This is your
reputation for reliably handling reputations.  Someone who has done several
nym transfers cleanly and honestly could build up a meta-reputation and
this will facilitate future nym sales.
Meta-reputation cannot be solely associated with a particular nym, but
via transferrable credentials it can build up over a family of nyms
which are unlinkable.  A nym seller can present credentials showing
that it has completed successful nym transfers in the past, honestly
and without problems.  This offers evidence that a proposed nym transfer
will go smoothly as well.
The problem of selling meta-reputation is left as an exercise for
the reader.

@_date: 2001-12-11 19:20:25
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: AP Al Qaeda 
Much worse.  With a secret ballot you need to get a majority to support
any particular position.  That's a significant hurdle to overcome.
But with AP any small group of people that can put up enough money to
hire an assassin can get their way.  The going rate for a murder is
around $5-10K to off an average person, more if he's heavily guarded.
If 100 people put up $100 each then that's enough to get someone killed.
Imagine a secret ballot where any measure to increase government power
would pass if it received as few as 100 votes.  How much freedom would
you have left in such a society?  That's what AP represents.
And keep in mind that the people buying the assassination are fully
anonymous.  There is no way to know who is funding the AP market.  There
is no check or limit on the extent to which anonymous individuals with
private grievances can buy the deaths of anyone who gets in their way.
The only good thing about this situation is that it would encourage
everyone to go anonymous post haste.  We would see a rapid change in
society to allow anonymous business transactions, corporate ownership,
stock transactions.  Insider trading laws would become unenforceable.
Board members would meet only electronically, spending their time
barricaded inside their mansions.
Even elective office would change.  You'll walk into the ballot box to
vote for your government officials from a list of nyms who meet only on
the net.  Police forces, heavily armed and always travelling in teams,
will receive their orders via encrypted, digitally signed messages from
elected officials.  Any government official who must interact with the
public, whether a building inspector, a drivers' license examiner, even
a fireman, would get hazardous duty pay.  Wearing masks might become
routine for such officials.
Taxes (much higher than before due to the greater expenses of operating
the government) could be charged based on imputed property values
depending on zip code and acreage.  Everyone in a particular neighborhood
would be charged a fixed amount per square foot.  Any household which
does not provide the required fee (via cryptographic anonymous transfer
into the government account of course) would have its property subject
to confiscation by police.  Armed resistance would be met by military
force including helicopter gunships.
We can live in a world of crypto anarchy, but it won't be pretty.  And the
government certainly won't wither away.  Anyone who thinks that attacking
the government will weaken it should have learned a lesson from September
11th.  When it feels itself under attack, the government strikes back.
We are all the losers as our freedoms are destroyed.

@_date: 2001-12-10 20:50:24
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: AP Al Qaeda 
John Young writes, regarding Assassination Politics:
Cypherpunks pioneered the use of encryption and anonymity for many
purposes, but one of them was precisely this: to allow discussion of
forbidden subjects.
That's bullshit.  Surely you can't deny that AP was conceived by
Bell exactly as what it was claimed to be, a tool to be used against
government agents who overstep their authority and violate the rights of
American citizens.  (And as an important consequence it would therefore
encourage governments to behave legally and respectfully towards their
citizens, as they should.)  Bell certainly did not conceive of AP as a
way of entrapping cypherpunks.  He didn't even know about cypherpunks
when he came up with the idea.
Total bullshit again.  Sure, AP requires anonymous digital cash, but so do
most other elements of the cypherpunk vision.  Would you say that crypto
anarchy, information black markets, and commerce among pseudonyms are
"a joke"?  These are just as hypothetical as AP at present.  It's entirely
possible that some form of anonymous cash will be developed in the
next few years, and once that happens AP will be trivial to implement.
It's far from a joke, it is a very real possibility.
AP is part of the dark side of the cypherpunk dream and it must be faced
rather than evaded.  The real problem with AP is not that it would be
illegal, because much of what cypherpunks call for is presently illegal.
Rather, the problem with AP is that it is mob rule at its worst.  There
are no checks and balances.  It is the height of folly to suppose that
AP would be used only against those whom cypherpunks themselves oppose,
like corrupt government agents.  AP could be used against anyone who
has a high profile.
If AP were implemented, there is no question but that Jim Bell would
be one of the first targets!  All those people who found himself on
his list, along with their heirs and successors, would want revenge.
Everyone involved with the assassinations would be anonymous except
Bell himself, making him the most prominent target of their wrath.
Other notable supporters of crypto anarchy would follow soon, such as
cypherpunk founders May and Hughes.  The people involved with the digital
cash would be targets as well, and so on.
Despite these unpleasant facts, once digital cash exists, AP will be
inevitable, along with many other forms of anonymous murder-for-hire.
Cypherpunks have discussed these possibilities from the very beginning.
To pretend that AP is somehow outside of the scope of cypherpunk thinking,
a hoax or joke perpetrated by outsiders as a lure, is just absurd.
With crypto anarchy you have to take the bad with the good.
What, then, is the solution to survival in a world of assassins at large?
It is simple, and it is in fact the same as the solution to the problem
of how to discuss AP in a world in which even mentioning it could get
you arrested, the problem which led to John Young's dissembling above.
Perhaps the alert reader will be able to conceive of the solution for

@_date: 2001-12-17 18:10:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RE: CNN.com on Remailers 
Did you even read the message which explained WHY remailers need to
know about each other, and why they need to treat traffic from remailers
different from that from unknown addresses?  Your message shows no sign
of it.
Rather than issuing your blanket statement that remailers don't need to
know about each other, you need to explain how to deal with the issues
which presently require the contrary.

@_date: 2001-12-15 01:00:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RE: CNN.com on Remailers 
I think what Lucky means is that the remailer operators have no way of knowing if the messages passing between remailers are actual messages, dummy traffic, stats pings, etc.
All that a remailer can tell is the number of real messages entering or leaving his server (and even this would require modification to the remailer software). Unless all the remailer operators collected and shared this information, we can't know accurate stats for the remailer network as a whole.
How much are dummy messages that come from one remailer and die at the
last remailer? How much are pings that return to the originating
remailer/stats collector? These aren't helpful if you are a remailer user
wishing to hide in the crowd -- you need lots of other remailer users
generating traffic.

@_date: 2001-12-12 19:20:24
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Steganography, My Ass: The Dangers of Private and 
What Ashcroft actually said, from the URL above, was:
The simple fact is that Ashcroft spoke the truth.  Such criticisms
do erode national unity and diminish resolve.  In fact, most critics
would fully agree with these goals.  Unity and resolve on a national
level scare civil libertarians.  A unified nation is a rash nation.
Democracies should be thoughtful, their actions carefully considered
and taken only after due deliberation.  Having a thousand voices urging
different courses is far safer than a single voice which all obey.
Some claim that behind the truth of Ashcroft's words is a veiled threat.
Aiding national enemies is indeed one of the definitions of treason.
Yet in the larger sense such a reading is plainly absurd.  No Attorney
General would ever attempt to make the case that criticising government
policy is treasonous and should be forbidden.  Hard as it may be for
the present audience, blinded by their ideology, to see the real world
for what it is, any such attempt would be political suicide.
Given this reality, there is clearly no real threat in Ashcroft's
statement.  Instead the critics are intentionally misreading him in
order to accomplish exactly those goals he mentions: to sow disunity
and weaken resolve.  It is nothing more than a rhetorical trick.
Let us hold to the truth.  Ashcroft is right in his characterization of
his critics' goals, and his critics are right to try to achieve those
goals.  It is misguided to attack Ashcroft by making the false claim
that he views criticism as treason.  Instead, critics should attack his
position that national unity and resolve must be preserved.  This would
be a substantive debate which would enlighten the American public and
raise awareness of important issues.  Unfortunately the critics have
descended into politically motivated mud-slinging and have deprived
Americans of a valuable opportunity.

@_date: 2001-12-14 18:50:24
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
Declan McCullagh has been producing a one-sided series about a child
pornographer's supposedly unjust indictment,
  Of course
everything the pornographer says is taken as gospel, while the police
are filthy liars.  In fact they have gone so far as to plant child porn
onto the computer in order to gain a conviction, in McCullagh's twisted
narrative.  Missing from this tidy story is the cost-benefit analysis from
the part of the evil policeman.  He has supposedly committed a felony
that could lead to decades in prison, just to avoid the difficulty of
handing the computer back with an apology, which happens all the time
in police work.
The real issue for cypherpunks is of course whether there is any connection
between the child pornographer, Larry Benedict, and the local cypherpunk
pedophile who uses the pseudonym Eric Michael Cordian.  Is it possible
that Cordian and Benedict are one and the same?  And that Benedict would
use his cypherpunk connections as Cordian to get McCullagh to produce this
whitewash?  How else did McCullagh get drawn into the seedy world of child
pornography trading rings?
Enquiring minds want to know!

@_date: 2001-12-17 18:30:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban 
jya>>I don't recall the rationale used by the USPO to forbid CJ from posting to cypherpunks. Anybody know the answer to that?
Since when is it unusual to forbid parolees from associating with
unsavory and immoral characters?

@_date: 2001-12-19 00:30:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Wired on e-gold 
The January, 2002 issue of Wired has an article on e-gold, the online
payment system founded by retired oncologist Douglas Jackson.
Much of the article discusses e-gold's misguided effort to link
up with Islamic fundamentalists who want to overthrow capitalism.
They are setting up a spinoff, e-dinar, for use in the Muslim world.
This brilliant marketing tactic is not going too well even by the
modest standards of what passes for success around the e-gold offices,
especially since 9/11.
Of course the cypherpunk interest in e-gold revolves around its vaunted
privacy protection.  The article provides a much-needed dose of reality to
those who still harbor fantasies that e-gold is interested in protecting
the privacy of its customers.  Those who participated in the fractious
debates between e-gold founders and its customers in the early days
will remember the company's sniff of dismissal at "elite ivovy-tower"
arguments in favor of its privacy.  Alaskan attorney Daniel J. Boone in
particular made a number of principled appeals to e-gold officials to
hold to their early promises of privacy protection, to no avail.
Here is what the article has to say about the use of e-gold by pyramid
schemes (euphemistically caled HYIPs, high-yield investment programs):
Jackson is lying about the unimportance of HYIPs.  Independent e-gold
vendors estimate 30, 50 or as much as 90 percent of e-gold transactions
go into pyramid scams, and the largest single holding in the system
belongs to a shut-down Ponzi.  But more importantly, we can plainly
see the company's anti-privacy policies in action.  Any business has a
basic philosophy, implicit or explicit, and their actions reflect and
reveal that philosophy.  Jackson and e-gold only pay lip service to the
goals of financial privacy.  Their actions reveal their true feelings:
that privacy just gets in the way of business success.
It seems hard to believe that a currency which aims to attract
libertarians and "gold bugs" would put customer privacy at such a
low priority.  And no doubt these policies account in part for the slow
growth rate of the currency compared to successful ventures like PayPal.
Nevertheless this should be a cautionary tale for any payment system
which purports to offer privacy as a selling point.
Criminals love privacy, they love anonymity.  Remailer operators soon find
that a substantial majority of the messages they send contain nothing
but harrassment and threats.  Few customers use anonymity services
for positive purposes, to protect their privacy while engaging in
legitimate activities.  With most people, if they have nothing to hide,
they don't hide it.  Only paranoids and extremists will adopt anonymity
technologies without nefarious purposes in mind.  Anyone proposing to
offer new services for privacy and anonymity should be prepared to deal
with the onslaught of criminals who will use the system for bad ends.

@_date: 2001-12-22 02:10:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
It's largely a myth that the set of users of remailers is anonymous.
Remailer operators collectively know them all; individual operators know
a substantial percentage of them if people vary the remailers they use;
anyone surveilling the remailer network knows them all.  Hiding one's
membership in the set of remailer users cannot be a high priority.
And there's no need for remailer users to be anonymous, either.  Anyone
should be proud to be counted as a member of that group.  It's no more
incriminating than being a subscriber to the cypherpunks mailing list
or any of dozens of similar lists.  No doubt thousands of people would
put their names on the list even if they have no intention of ever
using remailers.
Part of the problem has been focus on adding features to mixmaster
rather than improving security and reliability.  Transparent remixing
(where the remailer chooses part of the path for you), support for
the old insecure cypherpunk mode, automated flood detection, all add
administrative complexity for questionable benefit.  With a good high
speed connection, floods and such are much less of an issue.  Things like
remixing should be done by the clients; it was a mistake to put this
into the remailer software.
Absolutely.  For all those people saying, what can I do to support
remailers, here's an easy answer: use them.  Get a client, figure out how
it works, and send an anonymous message or two.  It doesn't hurt.  Much.
You may even find it liberating.  Challenge the orthodoxy and start
thinking for yourself.
You skipped step 0, which is to inform people of what it is like to run
a remailer.  It doesn't do anyone any good for remailers to pop up and
immediately shut down when the complaints come in.  Here's a good litmus
test: if you wouldn't be able to spam at reasonably high volumes from
your address without getting shut down, you probably shouldn't be
trying to run a remailer (unless in middleman mode).
A good idea.  See the recent proposal for a P2P style always-connected
remailer network which will bypass sendmail and all the other RFC2822
cruft.  Plugable transports would be a great way to accomplish this.
Eric Hughes had a cool idea a while back: encourage CP technologies
by allowing them to bypass built-in mailing list latency.  Create a
CP node which forwards PGP-signed and remailed messages with higher
priority than others.  Signing up for this node is a way of showing
support for freedom enhancing technology.
Maybe Tim May could donate his Y2K beans and rice as a prize, since he's
never been willing to use his millions to subsidize bonuses of this type.
Keep in mind that our perception of remailers is at odds with that of
the world at large.  Fellow travellers like the EFF can't afford to be
that closely tied to a technology which most people view as an obnoxious
nuisance at best and a terrorist tool at worst.
Absolutely.  Simplicity and reliability have been overlooked as goals
for the remailer network.  You shouldn't start adding new features until
the old ones (like successfully remailing messages without dropping
them) work.
Nevertheless there is a political over-reaction to commercial spam, and it
can be a major source of complaints about the remailer.  Per-link hashcash
would be a better deterrant than black lists, which ultimately depend
on entry remailers to do a favor for exit remailers.
Split out the client, including web-based clients, from the server.
They have different needs.  If you want to promote good, reliable
servers there is no need to also make them be web clients.
The Freedom network had the right idea here: pipenet access to an ordinary
POP mailbox.  If remailers are joined in an always-connected P2P network
it could be used as a specialized pipenet for just this purpose.  No ZKS
anti-abuse nym protocols necessary since exit points would be restricted
to the special POP mailboxes.
other work first, before they could really benefit from the effort >
required to create an ecash system from scratch, deploy it, scale it,
system isn't worthwhile for its own sake, though :)
Non-monetary ecash does have one advantage over hashcash for proof of
work postage: it is transferable.  With hashcash, once it's spent,
it's gone and can't be reused.  With ecash (purchased by hashcash)
the payee gets to keep it and can spend it himself in the future.
In other words, remailer operators would build up riches in ecash.  Now,
all it's good for is sending anonymous messages, so they're not going
to retire on it.  But still this can fund pingers run (or paid for)
by the remops themselves.
And there could eventually be a secondary market in remailer ecash.
Remailer users would seek it as an alternative to hashcash if it were
easier to get.  They might be willing to perform services in exchange
for remailer ecash payment.  This could produce some backing for the
currency and it might come to be traded even among people who had no
desire to use remailers.  (Services might be, e.g. ripping a requested
copy protected CD via an analog connection, or digitizing a TV show
unavailable to the requestor.)

@_date: 2001-12-20 20:10:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
This contradicts your previous point.  If the coins have no monetary
value, that is, they can't be spent for anything useful, then it will
not be possible to meet your objectives of allowing a remailer operator
to make money off his remailer or at least recoup his losses.  You can
give someone all the Monopoly money in the world and it won't encourage
them to go into the business.
And the real sticking point is if these remailer tokens are not based
on cash, how do the remailer users get them?  If they just send in a
request and are given them for free, then there is little point to the
whole exercise.  You could charge hashcash for them as was proposed
earlier, but then you might just as well use hashcash directly in the
remailer chain.
If the tokens are non-free, that will raise the costs of running pingers
and cover traffic.  Of the 5000 messages a large remailer handles per
day, surely the majority will fall into this category.  Making people
pay for remailers will drive down usage levels (by standard economics)
and make the remailers less secure.
Digital cash tokens must be checked in real time with the bank for
validity.  Otherwise you have a double spending problem.  (Hashcash
avoids this by embedding the payee in the token.)  That will increase
the complexity of the remailer, the amount of traffic it must support,
and give more information to eavesdroppers.
Clearly it is mandatory to use fully blinded cash/tokens for this
application.  For some situations blinding is not all that important,
but for remailer chains it is absolutely essential.  Otherwise the bank
would be able to trace messages through the remailer network.  Hence you
will run into the complicated patent situation which will exist at least
through 2005.
The same thing could be achieved by putting a nonce into each message
packet which the remailers would publish.  The user knows the chain of
nonces he used and can determine whether his message made it through
the remailer.  Something like this was suggested by John Gilmore several
years ago.
The bottom line is that while the idea is seductive, ultimately it
doesn't make sense.  Charging for remailers would make them harder to
use (adding the overhead of figuring out how to get tokens and possibly
paying for them), less secure (opening new lines of information for an
attacker), and less anonymous (since fewer people would use the network).
There are other, equally good methods for increasing remailer reliability.
Since people appear to be adequately motivated to run remailers even
without profits, there is no need to move to a system which would add
cash tokens with all of their attendant disadvantages.

@_date: 2001-12-24 21:20:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: simplest possible ecash mint 
You're using some of these terms without defining them clearly:
mint, issuer, and change maker.  Earlier you said the change maker was
responsible for changing between ecash and something of value, presumably
including other currencies.  Presumably the mint is the cryptographic
engine which issues ecash coins.  The issuer is apparently someone
who is allowed to force the mint to issue coins at will, although the
mint is supposed to log and report on such interventions.  (Anyone can
destroy coins, so an issuer is not needed for that functionality.)
Can you explain how these three roles would work in a transaction where
Alice gets some ecash for dollars, pays Bob in ecash, who turns the
ecash back into dollars?
Here is how it seems like it should work.  The change maker Carol has a
bunch of ecash she stands ready to sell.  Alice gives her $X in dollars,
along with blinded data to become Alice's ecash.  The change maker does an
exchange operation at the mint, giving the mint $X in the change maker's
own coins, along with the blinding factors from Alice.  The mint gives
back new blinded coins which Carol passes to Alice, who unblinds them
to get her ecash.
Alice passes the ecash to Bob.  He does an exchange operation at the
mint to get new coins and to verify that Alice's cash is good.  He
then delivers whatever goods or service Alice has paid for.
Bob later wants dollars, so he goes to change maker Carol and delivers
to her ecash.  She does an exchange at the mint to verify that Bob's
coins are good, and then sends Bob dollars in return for his ecoins.
This sequence conflicts somewhat with your model.  Bob had to interact
directly with the mint, and you said that normal users would not.
But only the mint can verify the validity of coins so it seems to be
The issuer was not involved in this transaction.  Apparently he is
only there to inflate the currency.  You should consider eliminating
the issuer, who can easily cause trouble.  At startup time let the
mint generate its keys and emit a single high-value coin.  That will
be the money supply for all time.  Allow a banking system to grow
around this "high-powered" currency and fractional reserve bank loans
will automatically adjust the money supply as needed.  See Selgin,

@_date: 2001-12-24 18:20:51
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: simplest possible ecash mint 
A message is simply a packet of data.  Using a message-based protocol
says nothing about the underlying transport, sockets or carrier pigeons.
If you did this as a computational box with a communications front end
then a simple socket-based RPC protocol would probably be best between
the mint box and the comm box.
Sure.  You give a collection of coins worth $X, along with the blinding
factors appropriate to a different set of coins worth the same amount.
This fits well into the simple exchange mint concept.
Right, and you better make sure it's not going to grow too big.  It
may be necessary to expire coins at fixed time intervals (every two
years or so).
Does this have per-user accounts in it?  If not, how does the float
amount ever change?  Do some people donate ecash to the bank's treasury
voluntarily, reducing the float?  No one would do that.  Are some people
entitled to receive ecash from the treasury?  Who and why?  Is this the
transfer-in mechanism, or simply a way for the banker to use the treasury
account as his personal slush fund?
What you really have are three kinds of transactions: those within the
system (pure ecash transfers), those out of the system (cashing in ecash
for dollars), and those into the system (purchasing ecash with dollars).
Maybe you could explain how you see these kinds of transactions working
in terms of your float and treasury account counters.
What is this linkage for?
Yes, and whatever public keys are appropriate for the protocol.
Don't forget the light that tells you its on.  Really, this level of
detail is redundant.

@_date: 2001-12-24 08:40:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Simplest possible ecash mint 
How simple can an ecash mint be?
For the simplest case there should be no accounts.  All the mint does is
exchange coins for other coins.  There are no customer lists, no records
of transactions (except as needed for double-spending detection).
The very simplest mint is a pure ecoin changer.  You give it a coin and
it gives you a new one in return.  It checks that the coin you gave it is
valid and has not been spent before.  You also supplied blinding factors
so that the new coin you get is blinded and will not be recognized by
the mint when spent later.
By itself, this trivial mint can support a transaction system, and in
principle a whole economy.  For Alice to pay Bob, she gives him coins.
Bob exchanges them at the mint for new coins, thereby checking that they
are good.  End of transaction.  Bob can spend his new coins elsewhere,
unlinkable to the exchange.
The mint does not even have to be involved in transfers between ecash
and other forms of payment.  This is one of the things the e-gold people
got right.  They outsourced in- and out-transactions.  You go to any of
dozens of coin dealers, currency services, shady operators of all stripes,
to get money into or out of your e-gold account.  The same thing would
work here.  Third parties would offer to buy or sell ecash for dollars,
grams of gold, hi grade cocaine, etc.
As described, this mint has a constant money supply.  There is neither
creation nor destruction of coins.  In practice there would be slow
destruction due to occasional losses of data.  This could lead to very
slow deflation, or the mint could be adjusted to slightly inflate the
currency in order to compensate for this effect.

@_date: 2001-12-25 22:10:32
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Time to unsubscribe... 
Since you seem to be ignorant msoft user, use made-for-idiots yahoo
throwaway and set this in the "block addresses" (under options):

@_date: 2002-01-31 19:40:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: mandatory youth education camps 
"That means teaching students about copyright issues" -school admin
in a place where all students are given laptops
Anyone want to guess at their copyright curriculum? Pupils and Porn and Games, Oh My By Katie Dean Sounds like encrypted filesystems might be found useful there..

@_date: 2002-01-23 23:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Look behind you, mattie (was: Wheres Maurice Tate? Paging maurice Tate) 
Love, Fred Doppelganger,
Ministry of Love, Queensland Aus-tralia

@_date: 2002-01-18 04:20:39
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: stego; digital rights management; MPAA: get some order in your 
"Device builders need to have some kind of order in their life," said Scott Dinsdale, the Motion Picture Association of America's executive vice president for digital strategy. "There needs to be a standard way of doing this."
[Fuck off, said anonymous device builders..]
[Of course, the digital TV push is FEDERAL: ]
But with a federal deadline bearing down in early May that could require most stations to begin broadcasting digital signals, the anti-piracy group has little time to settle technology disputes.
While the current proposal is limited, watermarking technology ultimately could wind up barring
   consumers from copying their favorite shows or movies off the air, as they are routinely able to do
   with VCRs or digital video recorders such as TiVo. Proponents of the plan note that the technology
   wouldn't necessarily bar copying but would allow content owners such as studios to create new
   business models such as charging for the right to copy or share with friends.
   This could be controversial, and some consumer groups have objected, pointing to the 1980s
   Supreme Court decision that originally gave the green light to VCRs, saying that people could legally
   tape TV shows.
   That doesn't necessarily mean broadcast companies have to provide shows in a format that can be
   taped and distributed online, however. And analysts say consumers are likely to accept the new copy
   restrictions as just one more element of a new generation of technology that provides features well
   beyond what they've been used to with analogue TV.
   But a standard that comes together so quickly is unlikely to be a final product, they add.
   "This will be cracked, and it will be modified, and it will be cracked again," said P.J. McNealy,
   research director with GartnerG2, a division of the Gartner research firm. "That's the reality of this
   business."

@_date: 2002-01-17 16:20:37
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: All your European coordinates are belong to US 
Europe GPS Plan Shelved   BERLIN -- Exasperated European officials say U.S. pressure appears to have torpedoed a $3 billion
project to build a European version of the U.S. global positioning system, which uses signals from orbiting
satellites to track geographical position within 36 meters. The proposed system, dubbed Galileo, was intended to give Europeans more autonomy, both industrially
and militarily. That's no small concern, since the United States can selectively block access to GPS, as
it has during the military campaign in Afghanistan. Also, European plans to develop a rapid-reaction military force will become much more credible with their
own GPS in military operations.

@_date: 2002-01-15 16:00:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: New crime: lying about an aviation radio 
Monday January 14 3:19 PM ET
New Info on Student With Pilot Radio
By LUKAS I. ALPERT, Associated Press Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - An Egyptian student charged with lying about an aviation
radio found in his hotel room near the World Trade Center on Sept. 11
was in the United States as part of a government-funded program.
Abdallah Higazy was in the United States on a student visa through a
program arranged by the U.S. Agency for International Development,
agency spokeswoman Susan Phalen said Monday. The program trains Egyptian
students in business, health, English and education, often by placing
them at American universities.
Higazy, 30, was enrolled in Polytechnic University in Brooklyn as a
graduate student in computer engineering, according to the university.
Higazy allegedly told the FBI to know nothing of the radio found in a
room safe, but later admitted it was his. Prosecutors said he
acknowledged knowing how to operate the radio, which pilots use to
communicate with other planes and air traffic controllers, but gave
conflicting accounts of how he got it.
"A Bay Area punk charged with lying about encryption
software found in his hotel room near the Federal Building where anonymous threat was received ..."

@_date: 2002-01-10 17:00:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: pseudo-anarchists like mattd can be self moderated! 
hey mattd,
         you really should use better manners, I personally have gotten tired
of reading your drivel, accordingly you have started to suffer the same
fate as detweiler, cohen, vulis and others. Hoped you liked the little
procmail thingie, our former resident book author, bill arnold loved it,
As well as the other version which outed all of his postings directly
to his supervisors in the school system. havent seen old Bill for about a
couple of years now.:)        with malice aforthought
      anonymous tentacle p.s. some of us only watch, wait and strike

@_date: 2002-01-02 19:30:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Dissent == terrorism 
U.N. Fears Abuses of Terror Mandate
Excerpt: Insulting Mugabe May Be Outlawed
On Dec. 20, the Cuban legislature, with President Fidel Castro
presiding, unanimously passed a law that state media said expanded
the application of capital punishment for crimes defined as terrorism,
including the use of the Internet to incite political violence.
A week earlier, the government of Zimbabwe published a proposed
law that would make it a crime to "undermine the authority of or insult"
President Robert Mugabe, who is again seeking reelection. Mugabe's
aides defended the legislation as necessary to combat terrorists, a
category they said includes most of the president's opponents as well
as critical journalists.
Hey Mugabe give us your home address we'll bill your estate
for the bullet you'll receive before you can hear it.

@_date: 2002-01-01 20:40:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: AOL blocks Harvard acceptance email as spam 
AOL Glitch Blocks Harvard    Admissions Office's E-Mails to Dozens            of Prospective Students
                       The Associated Press
                      Published: Jan 1, 2002
      BOSTON (AP) - Dozens of e-mail messages telling Harvard University  applicants whether they had been admitted never arrived last month after America  Online interpreted the messages as junk e-mail.
 "This wasn't exactly the instant response we intended," William Fitzsimmons,  Harvard's dean of admissions and financial aid, told The Boston Globe.
 After anthrax spores were mailed through the U.S. postal system, Harvard began  using e-mail to inform applicants quickly of whether they had been rejected or  accepted. E-mail was used to notify almost all of the 6,000 students who applied  in the school's early admission process.
 But for reasons that even AOL could not explain, the service blocked between 75  and 100 of the e-mails in December because the servers flagged the messages  as "spam," the unwanted e-mails that clog users' mailboxes. The messages were  bounced back to the university.
 "Spam is our number one problem. But it's hard to say what would have caused  the system to filter e-mail from Harvard," AOL spokesman Nicholas Graham said.
 The problem proved to be more trouble for Harvard than it was for the students.  Most just telephoned the admissions office to find out if they had been accepted.
 Admissions officers plan to begin posting a notice on the college Web site telling  students to make sure their Internet service doesn't block Harvard e-mail.
 And, as ever, the college will continue to use the postal system to notify  applicants.
Got Osama?

@_date: 2002-01-01 10:10:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CP movies? 
There was once an effort here to list CP relevent prose.
How about a list of CP relevent moving pictures (and why
relevent)? Enemy of the State ---for surveillance and conspiracy
GATTACA ---for biometrics, identity fraud, surveillance
more? [NB: this isn't moot; I've bought book$ on the recommendation/
reputation of some here; I'd certainly rent a videotape, though not a DVD..  :-]
[PS: please *don't* recommend "hacker" (fnord) crap like swordfish, sneakers, gag, etc.  I am uncertain whether to encourage (e.g., documentary) TV segments --there are lots of these but they may be harder to find.  Probably for the sake of Future Historians
they should be accepted.]

@_date: 2002-01-07 05:40:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Seveso in the Summer 
Seveso, Italy, is a real fun place to visit.  Roll up your windows.
How do you spell relief? C-A-R-C-A-N-O

@_date: 2002-01-17 02:20:22
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: One arms violent people with weapons 
German Minister's Interview Rips 911 Case Open
Rumor Mill News Reading Room Forum
(DRAFT) [Source: Tagesspiegel, Jan. 13] PARTIAL TRANSLATION
The following interview with Von Buelow appeared in the German daily
'Tagesspiegel,' on Jan. 13.
Q: You seem so angry, really upset.
Von Buelow: I can explain what's bothering me: I see that after the
horrifying attacks of Sept. 11, all political public opinion is being
forced into a direction that I consider wrong.
Q: What do you mean by that?
Von Buelow: I wonder why many questions are not asked. Normally, with
such a terrible thing, various leads and tracks appear that are then
commented on, by the investigators, the media, the government: Is there
something here or not? Are the explanations plausible? This time, this
is not the case at all. It already began just hours after the attacks in
New York and Washington and--
Q: In those hours, there was horror, and grief.
Von Buelow: Right, but actually it was astounding: There are 26
intelligence services in the U.S.A. with a budget of $30 billion--
Q: More than the German defense budget.
Von Buelow: --which were not able to prevent the attacks. In fact, they
didn't even have an inkling they would happen. For 60 decisive minutes,
the military and intelligence agencies let the fighter planes stay on
the ground, 48 hours later, however, the FBI presented a list of suicide
attackers. Within ten days, it emerged that seven of them were still
Q: What, please?
Von Buelow: Yes, yes. And why did the FBI chief take no position
regarding contradictions? Where the list came from, why it was false? If
I were the chief investigator (state attorney) in such a case, I would
regularly go to the public, and give information on which leads are
valid and which not.
Q: The U.S. government talked about an emergency situation after the
attacks: They said they were in a war. Is it not understandable that one
does not tell the enemy everything one knows about him?
Von Buelow: Naturally. But a government which goes to war, must first
establish who the attacker, the enemy, is. It has a duty to provide
evidence. According to its own admission, it has not been able to
present any evidence that would hold up in court.
Q: Some information on the perpetrators has been proven with documents.
The suspected leader, Mohammad Atta, left Portland for Boston on the
morning of Sept. 11, in order to board the plane that later hit the
World Trade Center
Von Buelow: If this Atta was the decisive man in the operation, it's
really strange that he took such a risk of taking a plane that would
reach Boston such a short time before the connecting flight. Had his
flight been a few minutes late, he would not have been in the plane that
was hijacked. Why should a sophisticated terrorist do this? One can, by
the way, read on CNN (Internet) that none of these names were on the
official passenger lists. None of them had gone through the check-in
procedures. And why did none of the threatened pilots give the
agreed-upon code 7700 over the [Steuerknueppel: STEERING NOB?] to the
ground station? In addition: The black boxes which are fire and shock
proof, as well as the voice recordings, contain no valuable data--
Q: That sounds like--
Von Buelow: --like assailants who, in their preparations, leave tracks
behind them like a herd of stampeding elephants? They made payments with
credit cards with their own names; they reported to their flight
instructors with their own names. They left behind rented cars with
flight manuals in Arabic for jumbo jets. They took with them, on their
suicide trip, wills and farewell letters, which fall into the hands of
the FBI, because they were stored in the wrong place and wrongly
addressed. Clues were left like behind like in a child's game of
hide-and-seek, which were to be followed!
There is also the theory of one British flight engineer:
According to this, the steering of the planes was perhaps taken out of
the pilots' hands, from outside.
The Americans had developed a method in the 1970s, whereby they could
rescue hijacked planes by intervening into the computer piloting
[automatic pilot system]. This theory says, this technique was abused in
this case. That's a theory....
Q: Which sounds really adventurous, and was never considered.
Von Buelow: You see! I do not accept this theory, but I find it worth
considering. And what about the obscure stock transactions? In the week
prior to the attacks, the amount of transactions in stocks in American
Airlines, United Airlines, and insurance companies, increased 1,200%. It
was for a value of $15 billion. Some people must have known something.
Q: Why don't you speculate on who it might have been.
Von Buelow: With the help of the horrifying attacks, the Western mass
democracies were subjected to brainwashing. The enemy image of
anti-communism doesn't work any more; it is to be replaced by peoples of
Islamic belief. They are accused of having given birth to suicidal
Q: Brainwashing? That's a tough term.
Von Buelow: Yes? But the idea of the enemy image doesn't come from me.
It comes from Zbigniew Brzezinski and Samuel Huntington, two
policy-makers of American intelligence and foreign policy. Already in
the middle of he 1990s, Huntingon believed, people in Europe and the
U.S. needed someone they could hate-- this would strengthen their
identification with their own society. And Brzezinski, the mad dog, as
adviser to President Jimmy Carter, campaigned for the exclusive right of
the U.S. to seize all the raw materials of the world, especially oil and
Q: You mean, the events of Sept. 11--
Von Buelow: --fit perfectly in the concept of the armaments industry,
the intelligence agencies, the whole military-industrial-academic
complex. This is in fact conspicuous. The huge raw materials reserves of
the former Soviet Union are now at their disposal, also the pipeline
routes and--
Q: Erich Follach described that at length in {Spiegel}: ``It's a matter
of military bases, drugs, oil and gas reserves.''
Von Buelow: I can state: the planning of the attacks was technically and
organizationally a master achievement. To hijack four huge airplanes
within a few minutes and within one hour, to drive them into their
targets, with complicated flight maneuvers! This is unthinkable, without
years-long support from secretapparatuses of the state and industry.
Q: You are a conspiracy theorist!
Von Buelow: Yeah, yeah. That's the ridicule heaped [on those raising
these questions] by those who would prefer to follow the official,
politically correct line. Even investigative journalists are fed
propaganda and disinformation. Anyone who doubts that, doesn't have all
his marbles! That is your accusation.
Q: Your career actually speaks against the idea that you are not in your
right mind. You were already in the 1970s, state secretary in the
Defense Ministry; in 1993 you were the SPD [Social Democratic Party]
speaker in the Schalk-Golodkowski investigation committee--
Von Buelow: And it all began there! Until that time, I did not have any
great knowledge of the work of intelligence agencies. And now we had to
take note of a great discrepancy: We shed light on the dealings of the
Stasi and other East bloc intelligence agencies in the field of economic
criminality, but as soon as we wanted to know something about the
activities of the BND [German intelligence] or the CIA, it was
mercilessly blocked. No information, no cooperation, nothing! That's
when I was first taken aback.
Q: Schalck-Golodkowski mediated, among other things, various business
deals abroad. When you looked at his case more closely--
Von Buelow: We found, for example, a clue in Rostock, where Schalck
organized his weapons depot. Well, then we happened upon an affiliation
of Schalck in Panama, and then we happened upon Manuel Noriega, who was
for many years President, drug dealer, and money launderer, all in one,
right? And this Noriega was also on the payroll of the CIA, for $200,000
a year. These were things that really made me curious.
Q: You wrote a book on the dealings of the CIA and Co. In the meantime,
you have become an expert regarding the strange things related to
intelligence services' work.
Von Buelow: ``Strange things'' is the wrong term. What has gone on, and
goes on, in the name of intelligence services, are true crimes.
Q: What would you say determines the work of intelligence services?
Von Buelow: So that we don't have any misunderstandings: I find that it
makes sense to have intelligence services....
Q: You don't think much of the earlier proposals by the Greens, who
wanted to dismantle these agencies?
Von Buelow: No. It is right to take a look behind the scenes. Getting
intelligence about the intentions of an enemy, makes sense. It is
important when one tries to put oneself into the mind of the enemy.
Whoever wants to understand the CIA's methods, has to deal with its main
tasks, {covert operations}: below the level of war, and outside
international law, foreign states are to be influenced, by organizing
insurrections, terrorist attacks, usually combined with drugs and
weapons trade, and money laundering. This is essentially very simple:
One arms violent people with weapons. Since, however, it must not under
any circumstances come out, that there is an intelligence agency behind
it, all traces are erased, with tremendous deployment of resources.
I have the impression that this kind of intelligence agency spends 90%
of its time this way: creating false leads. So that, if anyone suspects
the collaboration of the agencies, he is accused of the sickness of
conspiracy madness. The truth often comes out only years later. CIA
chief Allen Dulles once said: In case of doubt, I would even lie to the
Q: The American journalist Seymour M. Hersh, wrote in the {New Yorker,}
that even some people in the CIA and government assumed, that certain
leads had been laid in order to confuse the investigators. Who, Herr von
Buelow, would have done this?
Von Buelow: I don't know that either. How should I? I simply use my
common sense, and-- See: The terrorists behaved in such a way to attract
attention. And as practicing Muslims, they were in a strip-tease bar,
and, drunken, stuck dollar bills into the panty of the dancer.
Q: Things like that also happen.
Von Buelow: It may be. As a lone fighter, I cannot prove anything,
that's beyond my capabilities. I have real difficulties, however, to
imagine that all this all sprung out ofthe mind of an evil man in his
Q: Mr. von Buelow, you yourself say that you are alone in your
criticism. Formerly, you were part of the political establishment, now
you are an outsider.
Von Buelow: That is a problem sometimes, but one gets used to it. By the
way, I know a lot of people, including very influential ones, who agree
with me, but only in whispers, never publicly.
Q: Do you still have contact with old SPD companions, such as Egon Bahr
and former Chancellor Helmut Schmidt?
Von Buelow: There are no close contacts any more. I wantedto go to the
last SPD party congress, but I was sick.
Q: Can it be, Mr. von Buelow, that you are a mouthpiece for typical
Von Buelow: Nonsense, this has absolutely nothing to do with
anti-Americanism. I am a great admirer of this great, open, free
society, and always have been. I studied in the U.S.
Q: How did you get the idea that there could be a link between the
attacks and the American intelligence agencies?
Von Buelow: Do you remember the first attack on the WorldTrade Center in
Q: Six people were killed and over a thousand wounded, by a bomb
Von Buelow: In the middle was the bombmaker, a former Egyptian officer.
He had pulled together some Muslims for the attack. They were snuck into
the country by the CIA, despite a State Department ban on their entry.
At the same time, the leader of the band was an FBI informant.
And he made a deal with the authorities: At the last minute, the
dangerous explosive material would be replaced by a harmless powder.
The FBI did not stick to the deal. The bomb exploded, so to speak, with
the knowledge of the FBI. The official story of the crime was quickly
found: The criminals were evil Muslims.
Q: At the time Soviet soldiers marched into Afghanistan, you were in the
cabinet of Helmut Schmidt. What was it like?
Von Buelow: The Americans pushed for trade sanctions, they demanded the
boycott of the Olympic games in Moscow....
Q.... which the German government followed...
Von Buelow: And today we know: It was the strategy of the American
security adviser, Zbigniew Brzezinski, to destabilize the Soviet Union
from neighboring Muslim countries They lured the Russians into
Afghanistan, and then prepared for them a hell on earth, their Vietnam.
With decisive support of the U.S. intelligence agencies, at least 30,000
Muslim fighters were trained in Afghanistan and Pakistan, a bunch of
good-for-nothings and fanatics who were, and still are today, ready for
And one of them is Osama bin Laden. I wrote years ago: ` `It was out of
this brood, that the Taliban grew up in Afghanistan, who had been
brought up in the Koran schools financed by American and Saudi funds,
the Taliban who are now terrorizing the country and destroying it
Q: Even though you say, for the U.S. it was a matter of raw materials in
the region, the starting point for the U.S. aggression, was the
terrorist attack which cost thousands of human lives.
Von Buelow: Completely true. One must always keep this gruesome act in
mind. Nonetheless, in the analysis of political processes, I am allowed
to look and see who has advantages and disadvantages, and what is
coincidental. When in doubt, it is always worthwhile to take a look at a
map, where are raw materials resources, and the routes to them? Then lay
a map of civil wars and conflicts on top of that --they coincide. The
same is the case with the third map: nodal points of the drug trade.
Where this all comes together, the American intelligence services are
not far away. By the way, the Bush family is linked to oil, gas, and
weapons trade, through the bin Laden family.
Q: What do you think of the Bin Laden films?
Von Buelow: When one is dealing with intelligence services, one can
imagine manipulations of the highest quality. Hollywood could provide
these techniques. I consider the videos inappropriate as evidence.
Q: You believe the CIA is capable of anything, [wouldn't stop at
Von Buelow: The CIA, in the state interests of the U.S., does not have
to abide by any law in interventions abroad, is not bound by
international law; only the President gives orders.
And when funds are cut, peace is on the horizon, then a bomb explodes
somewhere. Thus it is proven, that you can't do without the intelligence
services; and that the critics are {nuts,} as Father Bush called them,
Bush who was once CIA head and President.
You have to see that the U.S. spends $30 billion on intelligence
services, and $13 billion on anti-drug work. And what comes out of it?
The chief of a special unit of the strategic anti-drug work declared, in
despair, after 30 years of service, that in every big, important drug
case, the CIA came in and took it out of my hands. (Rosalinda: Michael
Q: Do you criticize the German government for its reaction after Sept.
Von Buelow: No. To assume that the government were independent in these
questions, would be naive.
Q: Herr von Buelow, what will you do now?
Von Buelow: Nothing. My task is concluded by saying, it could not have
been that way [according to the official story] Search for the truth!

@_date: 2002-01-23 07:40:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Ecash fraud resolution 
It's been said that the defining test of a payment system is how it
behaves when things go wrong.
A dispute arises over an ecash payment.  Alice says Bob sent her ecash but
when she tried to exchange it she learned that it had already been spent
(double-spent).  Bob says that he sent Alice good ecash, and that she must
have exchanged it twice so as to get a fake double-spending indication.
Connections to the bank are anonymous so there is no way to learn who
performed an exchange.
How to resolve it?

@_date: 2002-02-12 05:50:34
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
The ominous trend here is increased docility. The state cannot afford to acknowledge that there is no defense from attacks by people who are ready to sacrifice their lives. That makes state weak and unfit.
Odd as it may seem, several more real attacks would probably make the air travel go back to normal - the absurdity of current make-believe would come into the spotlight. The anti-government attack now would be far more effective than three months ago - simply because the government did all the theatre it could. The attack now would demonstrate that all these fascist measures are ineffective.
That is exactly why the attack will not happen. Think about it. If you sacrificed 20 people in the first one, doesn't it make sense to sacrifice 20 more and finish the job, if the job was indeed defeating the US government ? Something tells me that it was not.

@_date: 2002-03-15 17:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Blair said he'd put more pigs on the street: Well they'r 
Please take a moment and properly format your postings.

@_date: 2002-03-04 23:00:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein's NFS machine 
No, this is not quite right.  The 2^71 is the cost in terms of elementary
operations (add, xor, etc.).  This is based on 2^53 ECM factorizations
per machine times 2^18 operations per factorization.
James' quoted time would be correct if the machine could do 50 billion
*operations* per microsecond (a clock rate of 50,000,000 gigahertz
(50 petahertz), compared to 1-2 gigahertz available today).  This fast
machine would then take 100 million years to break a 1024 bit key.
Even though these are "back of the envelope" calculations which ignore
o(1) terms that could theoretically be negative, the basic principles seem
sound.  The need to do 2^89 tests to get enough relations for a factor base
of 2^36 is based on the known fraction of multi-hundred bit numbers that
are going to be smooth.  This value doesn't have much "wiggle room".  You
could try to use a smaller factor base, but the size of the values to be
tested for smoothness is going to be in the hundreds of bits, and reducing
the factor base will make it even harder to find smooth values.
The 2^18 estimate for the cost of the ECM smoothness test will likewise
be hard to improve on significantly.  In addition, with a factor base of
size 2^36 and testing numbers up to ten times longer, each ECM factorizer
will have to do approximately 10 factorizations before it can determine
Even with the uncertainties, this calculation seems to be strong enough
to say that this machine cannot pose a threat to 1024 bit keys using
near-term technology.  You can assume impossibly large numbers of an
impossibly fast machine, and it still takes an impossibly large time.

@_date: 2002-03-04 23:00:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein's NFS machine 
No, this is not quite right.  The 2^71 is the cost in terms of elementary
operations (add, xor, etc.).  This is based on 2^53 ECM factorizations
per machine times 2^18 operations per factorization.
James' quoted time would be correct if the machine could do 50 billion
*operations* per microsecond (a clock rate of 50,000,000 gigahertz
(50 petahertz), compared to 1-2 gigahertz available today).  This fast
machine would then take 100 million years to break a 1024 bit key.
Even though these are "back of the envelope" calculations which ignore
o(1) terms that could theoretically be negative, the basic principles seem
sound.  The need to do 2^89 tests to get enough relations for a factor base
of 2^36 is based on the known fraction of multi-hundred bit numbers that
are going to be smooth.  This value doesn't have much "wiggle room".  You
could try to use a smaller factor base, but the size of the values to be
tested for smoothness is going to be in the hundreds of bits, and reducing
the factor base will make it even harder to find smooth values.
The 2^18 estimate for the cost of the ECM smoothness test will likewise
be hard to improve on significantly.  In addition, with a factor base of
size 2^36 and testing numbers up to ten times longer, each ECM factorizer
will have to do approximately 10 factorizations before it can determine
Even with the uncertainties, this calculation seems to be strong enough
to say that this machine cannot pose a threat to 1024 bit keys using
near-term technology.  You can assume impossibly large numbers of an
impossibly fast machine, and it still takes an impossibly large time.

@_date: 2002-03-03 09:20:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein's NFS machine 
Bernstein basically treats memory and processing elements as
interchangeable to a first approximation.  After all, it's just different
ways of laying out silicon.  So assuming that space comes for free is
equivalent to assuming that you have an infinite number of processors
to bring to bear on the problem.
If you had an unlimited number of processors for the first phase, and
you have X number of values to check for smoothness, then you can use X
processors and run one test on each value, completing the whole thing in
time L^o(1).  This does not reduce Bernstein's cost metric but it would
reduce the time considerably.  I don't think such a speedup is possible
with the sieving approach.
However this is not physically reasonable, as the number of values to
be tested for smoothness is approximately L^2, which would be on the
order of 2^90 for a 1024 bit key.  If each cell were .01 microns on a
side you would still need 100,000 square kilometers of chip area.  So
this extrapolation is not very meaningful.

@_date: 2002-03-02 20:20:26
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein's NFS machine 
More analysis of Dan Bernstein's factoring machine from
The NFS algorithm has two phases.  The first searches for coefficients
(a,b) from some interval which are relatively prime and which satisfy
two smoothness bounds.  The smoothness is with respect to a factor base
consisting of all primes less than some bound.  (Actually there may be
two or more bounds used for different tests, but that complication will
be ignored here.)  Each success produces one relation and will be one
row of a matrix whose columns correspond to the primes in the factor
Once enough relations are collected (more rows than columns) the second
phase begins.  This involves looking for linear dependencies among the
rows of the matrix, where the math is in GF(2).  Once a dependency is
found, the corresponding rows can be combined to produce a value with
two different square roots, which with good probability will lead to
a factorization of n.
Dan Bernstein proposes methods to significantly reduce the cost (defined
as space times time) of both phases.
L is defined as exp(log(n)^(1/3) * log(log(n))^(2/3)), where n is the
number to be factored.  It is a key parameter for the work cost of the
NFS class of algorithms.
    n      L
 2^512   2^33
 2^1024  2^45
 2^1536  2^54
 2^2048  2^61
Let E represent the bound on the (a,b) coefficient values which are
searched.  Then E^2 values will be checked for relative primality and
smoothness.  Let B represent the bounds on the factor base.  A smooth
value is one for which all of its factors are less than B.
In previous work, sieving is used to test for smoothness, which is in
part where the Number Field Sieve algorithm gets its name.  Sieving
E^2 values over a factor base of size B takes roughly E^2 log log B
time and B space.  We will ignore the log log B factor and just say
E^2 and B space, for a total work factor of B*E^2.
With a factor base of size B, roughly B relations have to be found.
Then a sparse B by B matrix must be solved in the second phase.
Using conventional algorithms this solution takes roughly B^2 work on
a machine that has B space.  The total work factor is B^3.
For optimum balance, the work factor of these two phases is set equal,
giving B^3 = B*E^2, or B=E.  It is also necessary that E be large
enough to produce at least B relations.  This leads to the solution
E = B = L^0.961.  The corresponding work factor is this value cubed,
or L^2.883.  (Dan Bernstein gives a slightly lower figure due to an
improvement by Don Coppersmith.)
Bernstein improves on both of these phases.  He points out that for
sufficiently large n, it will be less work to determine smoothness by
simply trying to factor each value using the Elliptic Curve factoring
method (ECM).  This is the best factoring method known for finding
relatively small factors, as is required here.  Attempting to factor
E^2 values over a factor base of size B takes time proportional to
E^2 times a function of B which is larger than that in the sieve
case, but still asymptotically small compared to E^2.  So the time
is basically proportional to E^2 as with the sieve.
The savings comes in the space.  The sieve requires an array to hold
the primes in the factor base, and an array to represent the values
being sieved.  The most efficient approach is to set these two arrays
to roughly the same size, breaking the input into pieces of size B.
This does not slow the algorithm but allows it to run in space B as
assumed above.
In contrast, the ECM algorithm requires no large storage spaces.
It does not have to store the factor base or any representation of a
large block of numbers to be checked.  It simply runs the ECM factoring
algorithm on each value to be checked until it either finds a factor or
times out.  If it finds one, it divides it out and repeats the process
with the residue.  Eventually the residue is small enough that we know
the number is smooth, or the algorithm fails indicating that the value
is not smooth.  Storage requirements are minimal.  Based on this, the ECM
approach takes time proportional to E^2 and space essentially a constant,
for a total work of E^2.  This is compared with B*E^2 for the sieve.
Bernstein also improves on the second phase, finding a dependency among
the rows of the matrix.  It still requires space of size B to hold the
sparse matrix of size B by B.  But by making the matrix elements be active
instead of dumb memory cells, he can accelerate the matrix operations
that are necessary.  The result is that finding the dependencies is
reduced to taking time B^1.5 rather than B^2.  The total work is then
For optimality these two phases are balanced with E^2 = B^2.5 or
E=B^1.25.  Incorporating the requirement that E be big enough to
generate the necessary B relations, the solution is E=L^0.988 and
B=L^0.790.  The total work is E^2 or L^1.976.  This is compared to the
L^2.883 value above, a significant savings.
It is interesting to compare the approaches used to accelerate the
two phases.  In each case we are essentially replacing memory with
computational elements, but the kinds of computation being done are very
The matrix solution phase requires a high degree of parallelism.
The matrix-storage elements need to be enhanced with high speed local
interconnects and rudimentary processing capable of simple comparison
and exchange operations.  This would be an attractive candidate for a
custom IC where the basic processing cell would be small and laid out
in many replicating units on a chip.
In the smoothness testing phase, on the other hand, the requirements for
the computing elements are much greater.  Each one needs to be capable
of running the ECM factoring algorithm on large values of hundreds of
bits in size.  This is a relatively complex algorithm and would probably
require what is essentially a CPU with some kind of firmware to hold
the program.  It would probably not have to be as large and complex as
modern CPUs, but would be much more than the simple augmented memory
cell needed in the matrix solution phase.
The smoothness testing phase has the advantage that the individual
tests can be run independently, without any need to interconnect the
processing units (for other than I/O).  There is more flexibility in
terms of time/space tradeoffs in this phase.  If we need to use fewer
units and take more time, that will not affect the total work involved.
(Possibly a good architecture for the smoothness phase would be similar
to the 1980s-era Connection Machine from Thinking Machines.  The CM-2
had up to 64K processors with up to 32K of memory per processor.  It used
a SIMD (single instruction multiple data) architecture which meant that
each processing node ran the same instruction at the same time.  However
there were condition flags which could be set to selectively disable
instructions on certain processors based on the result of earlier tests.
This allows different nodes to behave differently depending on the data.)
The question remains at what point these improvements become effective.
In the first phase, the elementary step of the sieving machine is to add
two numbers together.  For the ECM machine it is to run the entire ECM
algorithm on a test value.  Both of these take asymptotically constant
time, but obviously the ECM operation will be far slower than the
sieving one.  Only by replacing passive sieve memory with active custom
ECM engines will the potential performance advantage of the ECM machine
be realized.
Note that the improvements to the two phases can be applied independently.
Either the speedup of the factoring or the speedup of the linear algebra
could be used with the other phase being done in the conventional way.
Because the nature of the machines for the two phases is very different,
it is likely that they have different crossover points at which the new
techniques become advantageous.  So it is very likely that there are
key sizes where only one of the new techniques should be used.
A final point: the factoring phase gets a greater improvement (exponent
reduced from 3 to 2) than the linear algebra phase (exponent reduced
from 3 to 2.5).  This leads to the use of a smaller factor base than
in the conventional method.  A smaller factor base is helpful for the
linear algebra since it gives a smaller matrix, but it is harmful to
the smoothness test since fewer numbers will be smooth over the smaller
factor base.  The greater speedup of the smoothness phase accounts for
this shift in emphasis.

@_date: 2002-03-11 18:10:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: what's up with *coder*punks @ toad? 
: Your request of Majordomo was:
: >>>> who coderpunks
: Members of list 'coderpunks':
: : madhuv
: rah
Hope you two have a lot to say to each other.
The story is that a few months ago a disk got full and somehow the list
of subscribers got wiped.  So far no one has one back and restored the
list from the backups.

@_date: 2002-03-15 23:50:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Let's knock off the "Reformatted" repostings of junky 
Of course we all know who is posting these "reformatted" articles.
Only one person on the list has been in the habit of doing so, until
he got flamed so badly for it that he quit.  Suddenly at that time they
started appearing anonymously.
Clearly we have no one else to thank for it but the "peace"-nik,
Karsten M. Self.
Rumor has it that the unemployed wizard of wordwrapping is now the
lead programmer on a project to re-implement PGP using standard crypto
libraries.  If the earnest cluelessness he manifested on this list is any
sign, we can safely predict that this project is going exactly nowhere.

@_date: 2002-03-17 04:50:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Knuth needs killing 
Question: What do you think of research in cryptographic algorithms? And
what do you think of efforts by politicians today to put limits on
ryptography research?
Knuth: Certainly the whole area of cryptographic algorithms has been one
of the most active and exciting a reas in computer science for the past
ten years, and many of the results are spectacular and beautiful. I
cant claim that Im good at that particular subject, though, because I
cant think of sneaky attacks myself. But the key problem is, what about
the abuse of secure methods of communication? I dont want criminals to
use these methods to become better criminals. Im a religious person,
and I think that God knows all my secrets, so I always feel that
whatever Im thinking is public knowledge in some way. I come from this
kind of background. I dont feel I have to encrypt everything I do. On
the other hand, I would certainly feel quite differently if somebody
started to use such openness against me, by stealing my bank accounts or
whatever. So I am supportive of a high level of secrecy. But whether it
should be impossible for the authorities to decode things even in
criminal investigations, in extreme casesthere I tend to come down on
the side of wanting to have some way to break some keys sometimes.

@_date: 2002-03-18 20:50:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: SF BAY CPUNK call for volunteer lecturers 
Replying to the relevant stuff:
Sessions are free. Venue is *supposed* to be donated/secured for free.
I will know more in a week.
Are you interested in lecturing and on what subject ?

@_date: 2002-03-19 02:40:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: fractional reserve banking as economic parasitism 
Mr. Nuri -
You have gotten off to a bad start by misunderstanding the nature of
private banking.
It is true that in traditional private banking, a banker could increase
the money supply by making loans.  However for the most part these would
be secured loans which are fully backed by real assets.
A common example would be a mortgage.  The bank would make a loan to
the property owner, but the loan is backed by the property.  The bank
would retain a claim on the title to the property, which will remain in
existence until the loan is repaid.
This claim is a real asset and would be carried as such on the bank's
books.  People who hold the bank's currency have a claim on that asset
just as they do on the gold in the bank's vaults.  Both the gold and
these other real assets back the loans the bank has made.  In a well run
and honest bank all of the money circulating will be backed in this way.
This can still allow for bank runs, as the real assets owned by the bank
are not as liquid as gold and can't be turned into gold quickly (via
sales to other banks).  But it shows that the bank is not counterfeiting
or debasing the currency.  Nor is it printing money at will.  All of
the money it prints is backed by legitimate and tangible assets in the
form of gold and other property.

@_date: 2002-03-23 10:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: USPTO needs killing 
Patent office does better than BXA:
Peter Avritch, president of PC Dynamics, told us he was surprised to be
approached this week about what he considered was an "absurd" claim,
based on a patent filed in 1998 - long after the widespread use of
electronic encryption technology.
"This is a very broad patent, which covers almost everything that saves
encrypted files to disc. It could cover everything from secure laptops
to electronic encryption," he said.

@_date: 2002-03-25 00:50:18
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: signal to noise proposal 
All these mental efforts are not cost effective. Tens of people spending hours on filtering/rating schemes is expensive.
Choate's whereabouts are well known, deploying persuasion contractors will cost a fraction of the proposed engineering efforts.
Think of it as of simulation run of AP.
Just my 5000 cents.

@_date: 2002-03-24 01:30:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: signal to noise proposal 
Any time a URL of mine is posted to the cpunks list, I get a large number
of hits with the inet-one archive listed as the referrer. More
interestingly, most of these are either .mil or .gov addresses, or
unresolved IPs that disappear within the ncsc mesh.

@_date: 2002-03-26 17:40:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Brands credentica (Re: [Tsg] Micropayments & VISA?) 
This is a response to Paul Holman's article on the DBS list.  Either RAH is intentionally not forwarding the message below or his address is undeliverable to a few remailers.  Not like RAH to not forward ecash related info.
Interesting for this audience anyway, and perhaps if RAH sees here he'll forward to dbs and dcsb.
Your information is out of date: Brands is no longer at ZKS, last
month a new company was launched in which Brands is involved, see
 the rights are not tangled up in any way (legal
separation, all rights cleared).

@_date: 2002-04-06 17:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Terrorists are your friends 
The whole concept of labeling everyone and anyone as terrorists,
currently the US "tactic" if it can be called that, simply exposes
the limited mental capacity of those in government. They now are calling the Mexican drug cartels "terrorist organizations." Earth First!
is a "terrorist organization." Who isn't?   Clearly, anyone who resists, who defies authority, who doesn't live
on their knees, must be a terrorist. Was Tim McVeigh a terrorist? By all standards of warfare, he was not -- he was a guerilla fighter who
targeted a military center of operations -- a federal office building,
which can in no way be considered a "innocent civilian" target. McVeigh
is a great American patriot, a true hero, we need a new McVeigh everyday.
  The true terrorists in this country, the Soldiers of Satan, wear badges and uniforms. The true terrorists are in the Whitehouse, the Pentagon,
FBI headquarters, DEA headquarters, and the halls of Congress.

@_date: 2002-04-04 06:50:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: mil disinfo on cryptome 
While mighty US military think tanks prepare for Homeland defense against
total cretins, I wonder if it's time for citizenry to hire professionals
for the real defense. Not that I expect that talibanladens will be contracted
any time soon again (the effects still hold full-strength), but there is
always a chance that some fringe group will decide to strike, and those
foreheadless monkeys in camouflage uniforms on airports present danger
only to themselves.

@_date: 2002-04-11 19:30:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: "How do we trust bits?" 
Changing "trust" to "believe" advances the discussion not one whit.
Alice trusts Bob to sign keys accurately; Alice believes that Bob signs
keys accurately.  The change doesn't add anything.
In fact if anything it's a step backwards.  Trust is a specific form of
belief; it is a belief on which the holder is placing some reliance.
By substituting belief for trust you lose information.  You go from a
more specific term to a more generic one, a sign of sloppy thinking.
It's a sad commentary on the intellectual level around here that a fatuous
old windbag can propose such a counterproductive change in terminology
and get his spineless lackeys to salute him for his "wisdom".  Meanwhile
those who know better are intimidated into silence.

@_date: 2002-04-27 22:20:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: disk encryption modes 
There's no need to go to great lengths to find a place to store the IV.
An encryption mode that bases the IV on block number and propagates
changes throughout the disk block provides effectively just as much
security.  The only theoretical weakness of the latter approach is that
if a block's contents are unchanged, the ciphertext will be unchanged.
But even with a unique IV per block, in practice this same effect will
occur, as if you are not changing a portion of the disk, you're probably
not rewriting it, so the old IV will still be in use.  Hence an attacker
who compares the current disk state against an earlier snapshot will be
able to tell which blocks have changed and which have not, in either mode.
Peter Gutmann and Colin Plumb invented a simple trick which provides
this property in conjunction with CBC or CFB modes.  We're going to
encrypt/decrypt a disk block, which is divided into "packets" which are
the cipher block size (64 or 128 bits).  Let P[j] mean the jth packet
of plaintext in the block; assume there are n packets in the block.
C[j] is the jth packet of ciphertext.
P[n] ^= Hash(P[1..n-1], blocknum, diskID)
Encrypt block using P[n] as IV
Decrypt C[2..n] using C[1] as IV
Decrypt C[1] using P[n] as IV
P[n] ^= Hash(P[0..n-1], blocknum, diskID)
The idea is to use P[n] as IV, first xoring in some function (doesn't
have to be a crypto hash) of the first n-1 packets, the block number,
and some disk-specific value.  Doing this ensures that the IV depends
on all the bytes in the block, so a change to any byte will change the
entire block.  The decryption doesn't have to be split into n-1 and 1
block parts as shown here, any division will do.

@_date: 2002-04-27 06:30:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: disk encryption modes 
The problem with a random IV in disk encryption is that you may not have
anywhere to store it, since you're already using all of your disk space.
Using hash of block number as IV works except that in most encryption
modes, if the first part of the plaintext is unchanged, that part of
the ciphertext will also be unchanged.
Better to use an encryption mode where a change anywhere in the plaintext
will affect the whole plaintext.  Then you can use hash of block number as
IV.  This still leaks info about whether a block is changed or unchanged,
but that is hard to avoid unless you are going to re-encrypt the entire
disk any time you change a bit anywhere.  And this way, when a disk
block is changed at all, the entire block ciphertext changes.

@_date: 2002-05-11 01:40:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Perry Metzger's cryptography list down? 
There haven't been any messages on Perry Metzger's cryptography list
(cryptography for almost three weeks.  Is he still
Before the list went silent there was some good debate about the Bernstein
factoring machine, with commentary by Nicko van Someren, who had been
on the panel at FC which claimed that the machine could be practical.
(Since then some of the claims have been partially withdrawn.)  Several
questions had been raised, such as why Nicko's estimates only included
the matrix solving portion, and whether the assumed size of the matrix
was reasonable.  It would be good to get the list up and running so the
debate could continue.
Could someone who knows Perry contact him and find out what is happening?

@_date: 2002-05-01 22:20:26
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Lucky's 1024-bit post [was: RE: objectivity and factoring analysis 
This is probably not the right way to approach the problem.  Bernstein's
relation-finding proposal to directly use ECM on each value, while
asymptotically superior to conventional sieving, is unlikely to be
cost-effective for 1024 bit keys.  Better to extrapolate from the recent
sieving results.
 is the paper
from Eurocrypt 2000 describing the first 512 bit RSA factorization.
The relation-finding phase took about 8000 MIPS years.  Based on the
conventional asymptotic formula, doing the work for a 1024 bit key
should take about 10^7 times as long or 80 billion MIPS years.
For about $200 you can buy a 1000 MIPS CPU, and the memory needed for
sieving is probably another couple of hundred dollars.  So call it $500
to get a computer that can sieve 1000 MIPS years in a year.
If we are willing to take one year to generate the relations then
($500 / 1000) x 8 x 10^10 is $40 billion dollars, used to buy
approximately 80 million cpu+memory combinations.  This will generate
the relations to break a 1024 bit key in a year.  If you need it in less
time you can spend proportionately more.  A $400 billion dollare machine
could generate the relations in about a month.  This would be about 20%
of the current annual U.S. federal government budget.
However if you were limited to a $1 billion budget as the matrix
solver estimate assumed, the machine would take 40 years to generate
the relations.
The $40 billion, 1-year sieving machine draws on the order of 10 watts
per CPU so would draw about 800 megawatts in total, adequately supplied
by a dedicated nuclear reactor.

@_date: 2002-05-07 01:40:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: EINSTEIN 
All destitutes that cannot afford to pay for extra few hundred kilobytes per day for spam should get the fuck of the 'net.
Who gives a fuck if you waste $0.10 ? Why do you bother us with your poverty ? We don't give a fuck. Publish your address, I'll send you $10 cash so that you don't bother public with your fucking petty losses for the next three months.

@_date: 2002-05-30 04:20:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
This is absurd.  In all the commentary on this issue, no one has made
the obvious point that the MPAA has no interest or intention in putting
watermark detectors into every ADC chip!  They don't care about the ADC
chip in a digital thermometer or even a cell phone.  All they care about
are things like PC video capture cards, which are high fidelty consumer
devices capable of digitizing copyright protected content.
Their white paper is a brief summary of their goals and intentions and
does not go into full technical detail.  But let's use a little common
sense here, folks.
It's pointless to try to shoot down this proposal by raising all these
horror stories about ADC chips in industrial and technical devices
being crippled by a watermark detector which will never be activated.
If you waste time developing this line of argument, you will be left
with nothing to say when the actual bill focuses only on the specific
devices that the content holders are worried about.
And sure, a sufficiently talented electrical engineer can produce a custom
board to do non-watermark-aware ADC, and digitize TV shows and music.
The MPAA has to accept that such activity will continue to go on at a
low level.  They just want to make sure that consumer devices are not
sold that enable every customer to make easy digital copies of copyrighted
data based on an analog source, as they can now with the Replay DVR.
Please, let's use some common sense and not go overboard with an obviously
mistaken interpretation of the MPAA's intentions.  That wastes everyone's

@_date: 2002-06-14 06:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Safe RSA variant? 
Another way to think of g^a is as the a'-th root of g, since (g^a)^a' = g
mod n.  If we instead use k instead of a', then Alice gets k and the kth
root of g.
In my notion, she publishes her kth root of g, Bob raises it to the rth
power, and Alice then raises it to the kth power to recover g^r.
No, given g and the kth root of g, she clearly can't find phi(n), because
every RSA signature supplies such a pair.
I think this is OK too.  See the Strong RSA Assumption, for example at
  Basically this says that
you can't find kth roots mod an RSA modulus without knowing the factors.
You might want to ask this on sci.crypt, they are pretty good with pure
math questions like this one.

@_date: 2002-06-05 22:50:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Laurie's blinding w/cut and choose? 
Boy, you've got a lot of faith asking this question on cypherpunks.
It's not exactly the intellectual center of the crypto freedom movement
these days, you know.  The average IQ is rapidly descending into double
digits, even not counting Choate.  But let's see what we can do for you.
First, let's fix your notation.
r = blind(h) = h^y * g^b  OK
s = sign(r) = r^k, not m^h.
unblind(s) = (s/g^k^b)^(1/y) = h^k = sign(h).
That's what you want to end up with, h^k, as the pseudo-signature on h.
Now for a credential system, you apparently want to create a bunch
of values which have some structure, and get a signature on a product
of them.  Using cut and choose, the client will prepare blinded forms
of all of the values, then the server will ask for half of the blinding
factors to be revealed.  This exposes the raw values to be signed and
the server can make sure they are in the right form.  If so, it then
signs the product of the remaining values, which the client unblinds to
get back a good signature on the product of the unblinded values.
The fundamental problem with this is that the blinding factors have to
be different for each of the values.  If they are all the same, then
when they are revealed for some of the values during cut and choose,
that will reveal them for all of them, and so none of them will be
effectively blinded any more.
But if the blinding factors are all different, we can't unblind since
we don't have a unique power 1/y to raise to.
That's your problem, right?
Here are a couple of possible solutions.  First, you could do a cut and
choose in which all but one of the blinded values are revealed, and only
the remaining (unrevealed) one is signed.  This has the problem that it
has only a 1/n security factor with n values.  That is, the client can
just guess which one the server won't ask to check, and if it sent say 100
values, it has a 1/100 chance of getting lucky, which might seem too high.
However since credential issuing usually occurs in a non-anonymous
context, you can afford to penalize people very heavily if they are
caught in this manner.  (Cutting the connection and refusing to resume
with the previous values has to count as cheating.)
Another approach is as follows.  Go back to the 50-50 cut and choose
with signature on the product.  However, use the same y blinding factor
for all of the values.  Now when the client has to reveal during cut and
choose, it keeps the y value secret but reveals all of the h and b values.
It then proves in zero knowledge that there exists a y such that the h^y
equals the required value.  This is a standard ZK proof of knowledge
of a discrete logarithm.  It is similar to the example Ben's paper gives
of how the bank can prove it is raising to the right power.
Since you don't have to reveal y, you can use the same y for all of them
and successfully perform the unblind operation, getting back the signature
on the product of the h's as required.
But actually another solution is much simpler, which is to do blinding
as just h * g^b, without a y factor.  That works fine as long as the
bank is known not to be misbehaving.  Ben's paper shows how the bank
can use a ZK proof to show that it is raising to the same power k every
time, basically again that same ZK proof regarding discrete logarithms.
If the bank uses such a proof then you can use simpler blinding without
a y factor, and you can recover the signature on the product of your h
values by dividing by g^k^(sum of b's).
So there you go.  A little technical for cypherpunks, but unfortunately
coderpunks, like the little old lady, has fallen and it can't get up.

@_date: 2002-06-15 03:20:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Theft Attempt or LEO Sting? 
e-golb.com resolves to 66.175.11.248.  arin.net shows this as being in
the netblk 66.175.0.0 - 66.175.63.255, belonging to Cedant Web Hosting,
 in Davis, CA, which is near Sacramento.  At a minimum
Cedant could be informed about this fraud, which is clearly outside
of its AUP.  You might even be able to get law enforcement involved,
or perhaps contact the admin at Cedant and find out who has the address
in question.

@_date: 2002-06-24 19:10:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
Hmmmm.... Not clear that this really works to make money.  The GPL
allows everyone to redistribute HP's software verbatim, right?  So a
cert on one copy of the software will work on everyone's.  How can HP
make money on a product that everyone can copy freely, when they can
all share the same cert?
It's true that modified versions of the software would not be able to
use that cert, and it would no doubt be expensive to get a new cert for
the modified software.  But that still gives HP no monopoly on selling
or supporting its own version.  Anyone can step in and do that.
Is the cert itself supposed to be somehow copyrighted?  Kept secret?
Will it be illegal to publish the cert, to share it with someone else?
This seems pretty questionable both in terms of copyright law (since
a cert is a functional component) and in terms of the GPL (which would
arguably cover the cert and forbid restrictively licensing it).
It seems more likely that the real purpose is to bring the benefits of
TCPA to the Linux world.  As an innovator in this technology HP will gain
in reputation and be the source that people turn to for development and
support in this growing area.  The key to making money from open source
is reputation.  Being first makes good economic sense.  You don't need
conspiracy theories.

@_date: 2002-06-24 19:10:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
Hmmmm.... Not clear that this really works to make money.  The GPL
allows everyone to redistribute HP's software verbatim, right?  So a
cert on one copy of the software will work on everyone's.  How can HP
make money on a product that everyone can copy freely, when they can
all share the same cert?
It's true that modified versions of the software would not be able to
use that cert, and it would no doubt be expensive to get a new cert for
the modified software.  But that still gives HP no monopoly on selling
or supporting its own version.  Anyone can step in and do that.
Is the cert itself supposed to be somehow copyrighted?  Kept secret?
Will it be illegal to publish the cert, to share it with someone else?
This seems pretty questionable both in terms of copyright law (since
a cert is a functional component) and in terms of the GPL (which would
arguably cover the cert and forbid restrictively licensing it).
It seems more likely that the real purpose is to bring the benefits of
TCPA to the Linux world.  As an innovator in this technology HP will gain
in reputation and be the source that people turn to for development and
support in this growing area.  The key to making money from open source
is reputation.  Being first makes good economic sense.  You don't need
conspiracy theories.

@_date: 2002-06-24 02:40:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RE: Ross's TCPA paper 
Gladly.  One need only look at a recent cause celebre in the cypherpunk
community to see what the Hollings bill intends to mandate.  We were
assured by the professional paranoids among the cypherpunks that there
was a serious measure being promoted by the content companies, a new
restriction which we were all going to have to deal with.
Remember?  They were going to limit all A/D converters.
That's right, thanks to the Hollings bill your rectal thermometer will
be upgraded so that you can't watch Snow White on it (not that it's
likely to be anything like snow white after you're finished with it).
Yes, Hollings is determined to plug your analog hole.
You heard it here first, folks.  And how can you doubt, when it comes
from a group with such a balanced and accurate view of the world, and
such a marvelous record for accurate predictions?  Every cypherpunk
knows that paranoid conspiracy theories are by far the most reliable
way to interpret events.

@_date: 2002-06-23 22:20:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
Lucky Green writes regarding Ross Anderson's paper at:
It's an interesting claim, but there is only one small problem.
Neither Ross Anderson nor Lucky Green offers any evidence that the TCPA
( is being designed for the support of
digital rights management (DRM) applications.
In fact if you look at the documents on the TCPA web site you see much
discussion of applications such as platform-based ecommerce (so that
even if a user's keys get stolen they can't be used on another PC),
securing corporate networks (assuring that each workstation is running
an IT-approved configuration), detecting viruses, and enhancing the
security of VPNs.
DRM is not mentioned.
Is the claim by Ross and Lucky that the TCPA is a fraud, secretly designed
for the purpose of supporting DRM while using the applications above
merely as a cover to hide their true purposes?  If so, shouldn't we expect
to see the media content companies as supporters of this effort?  But the
membership list at shows none of the usual suspects.  Disney's not there.  Sony's not there.
No Viacom, no AOL/Time/Warner, no News Corp.  The members are all
technology companies, including crypto companies like RSA, Verisign
and nCipher.
Contrast this for example with the Brodcast Protection Discussion
Group whose ongoing efforts are being monitored by the EFF at
  There you do find the big media
companies.  That effort is plainly aimed at protecting information and
supporting DRM, so it makes sense that the companies most interested in
those goals are involved.
But with the TCPA, the players are completely different.  And unlike
with the BPDG, the rationale being offered is not based on DRM but on
improving the trustworthiness of software for many applications.
Ross and Lucky should justify their claims to the community in general
and to the members of the TCPA in particular.  If you're going to make
accusations, you are obliged to offer evidence.  Is the TCPA really, as
they claim, a secretive effort to get DRM hardware into consumer PCs?
Or is it, as the documents on the web site claim, a general effort to
improve the security in systems and to provide new capabilities for
improving the trustworthiness of computing platforms?

@_date: 2002-06-23 22:20:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
Lucky Green writes regarding Ross Anderson's paper at:
It's an interesting claim, but there is only one small problem.
Neither Ross Anderson nor Lucky Green offers any evidence that the TCPA
( is being designed for the support of
digital rights management (DRM) applications.
In fact if you look at the documents on the TCPA web site you see much
discussion of applications such as platform-based ecommerce (so that
even if a user's keys get stolen they can't be used on another PC),
securing corporate networks (assuring that each workstation is running
an IT-approved configuration), detecting viruses, and enhancing the
security of VPNs.
DRM is not mentioned.
Is the claim by Ross and Lucky that the TCPA is a fraud, secretly designed
for the purpose of supporting DRM while using the applications above
merely as a cover to hide their true purposes?  If so, shouldn't we expect
to see the media content companies as supporters of this effort?  But the
membership list at shows none of the usual suspects.  Disney's not there.  Sony's not there.
No Viacom, no AOL/Time/Warner, no News Corp.  The members are all
technology companies, including crypto companies like RSA, Verisign
and nCipher.
Contrast this for example with the Brodcast Protection Discussion
Group whose ongoing efforts are being monitored by the EFF at
  There you do find the big media
companies.  That effort is plainly aimed at protecting information and
supporting DRM, so it makes sense that the companies most interested in
those goals are involved.
But with the TCPA, the players are completely different.  And unlike
with the BPDG, the rationale being offered is not based on DRM but on
improving the trustworthiness of software for many applications.
Ross and Lucky should justify their claims to the community in general
and to the members of the TCPA in particular.  If you're going to make
accusations, you are obliged to offer evidence.  Is the TCPA really, as
they claim, a secretive effort to get DRM hardware into consumer PCs?
Or is it, as the documents on the web site claim, a general effort to
improve the security in systems and to provide new capabilities for
improving the trustworthiness of computing platforms?

@_date: 2002-06-28 17:20:27
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: privacy <> digital rights management 
Privacy means different things in different contexts.  In some cases you
have to share data with someone else that you don't want them passing on
widely.  Medical data is an obvious example.  So are credit card numbers.
If you order books from Amazon, you have to give them your street address,
and you don't necessarily want that shared.
This kind of private data, which has to be shared with others, is what
can be protected with a DRM system.  Let us consider how a TCPA compliant
version of Amazon.com can enhance protection of your private data.
When you make your first order from Amazon, you have to supply personal
data such as credit card and address that you don't want them sharing.
Of course they have a privacy policy promising not to do that, but with
TCPA we can do better.
Suppose Amazon is running TCPA compliant software for their OS and
database.  Further suppose it is open source.  We will see that open
source software works even better with TCPA than closed source.  Keep
in mind that only Amazon is running a TCPA system in this example, the
customers are not.  But the customers do have TCPA-aware software that
they can use to check that Amazon is doing what it claims.
Your TCPA-aware software which will upload your personal data to Amazon
first requires Amazon to prove that it is running in trusted mode.
The TPM chip provides a signed statement showing that Amazon booted into
HP's Trusted Linux.  This is signed by a key which never leaves the
TPM module; the key is certified by a TCPA root key so you know it is
a valid TPM key.  The signed data includes a hash of the BIOS which was
computed by the TPM before booting; a hash of the OS loader module which
was computed by the BIOS before transferring control to that module;
and a hash of relevant parts of the Trusted Linux OS which was computed
by the OS loader before transferring control.
Your software can check these hashes against published values which
represent known good builds of these software modules.  In this way you
can know that the remote system is running an unhacked version of Trusted
The Linux software then similarly sends you a certification that it is
running the TCPA compliant database application, again including a hash
of the application before it was loaded.  This open source software has
its own published hash of valid builds.  This assures you that you are
talking to this particular program and no other.
The TCPA compliant database program is special in that it has suppressed
the large-scale database export features, and it saves the data in
encrypted form.  No other program will be able to access the data once it
is stored because of the encryption.  And this program with its missing
export feature can only work on records one by one (as well as providing
appropriate summary and accounting features).  It will not be possible
to export the database en masse for importing into an insecure program.
Of course, nothing can stop Amazon from entering your credit card data
and/or address into another program.  They need to see this data in
order to perform their normal business functions, and anyone can read
it off the screen and type it into another computer.  But the point
is, they can't do it to the entire database.  Amazon has millions
of customers.  Your data is a needle in that haystack.  Business-wise,
it makes no sense for Amazon to try to sell your data or illicitly pass
it to business partners if they have to do it one record at a time.
The important feature to prevent is large-scale export, and the TCPA
compliant software is designed so that is impossible.
Note how important the open-source element is in this security analysis.
With closed source software, we have to trust Microsoft and the database
vendor that their software performs as claimed.  If the database guys had
a secret feature to allow for export, there would be no way for third
parties to detect it.  But with open source, we have the source code,
and we have a guarantee that a program built from that code is being
run (we have a hash over the binary file).  We can know exactly what
the capabilities are of that remote software.  The kind of guarantees
provided by TCPA are much stronger and more convincing when the source
code of the trusted software is publicly available.  Surprisingly,
TCPA may therefore provide a boost to open source.
Note that, as with the earlier DRM analysis, the TCPA in this example
exists to help Amazon prove to people that they are behaving honestly.
They already have a privacy policy which restricts what they will do
with their database.  The TCPA lets them provide technical evidence that
they are running software which will enforce those same restrictions.
It makes it possible for customers to trust Amazon to follow through on
their promises with much greater reliability than is possible today.

@_date: 2002-07-10 19:50:40
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: cypherpunks@einstein.ssz.com 
So what you are suggesting is that I might as well take out US
citizenship, since the IRS behaves just as piratically and
imperially to anyone who gets a job in the US?

@_date: 2002-07-05 21:50:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Need voluntary/optional TCPA/Palladium quote 
[2nd Repost]
Lucky asks:
The TCPA FAQ at includes the following:
: 13. What has the TCPA done to preserve privacy?
: The TCPA believes that privacy is a necessary element of a trusted system.
: The TCPA Specification has taken specific steps to enhance trust while
: preserving privacy.  The system owner has ultimate control and permissions
: over private information and must "opt-in" to utilize the TCPA subsystem.
: Integrity metrics can be reported by the TCPA platform, but do not
: restrict the choice and options of the owner preserving openness.
This describes the system as "opt-in" and that says that it will
not restrict the choice and options of the owner.  That is, users
can enable the TCPA system and get their integrity metrics reported
(these are basically hashes of the BIOS, OS boot loader, etc.), which
will allow third parties to know that they booted into an unmodified,
trusted system.  But they always have the choice to boot into a modified,
patched or untrusted system, and in that case either the TCPA chip will
report it, or they can forego the use of the TCPA subsystem entirely.

@_date: 2002-07-05 01:10:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Piracy is wrong 
Suppose you know someone who has been working for years on a novel.
But he lacks confidence in his work and he's never shown it to anyone.
Finally you persuade him to let you look at a copy of his manuscript,
but he makes you promise not to show any of it to anyone else.
Hopefully it is clear in this situation that no one is doing anything
"evil".  Even though he is giving you the document with conditions beyond
those specified in the current regime of copyright, he is not taking
advantage of you.  Even though you hold the bits to his manuscript and he
has put limitations on what you can do with them, he is not coercing you.
You voluntarily accepted those conditions as part of the agreement under
which you received the document.
It should also be clear that it would be ethically wrong for you to
take the manuscript and show it to other people.  Even if you take an
excerpt, as allowed under "fair use" exemptions to copyright protection,
and include it in a document for commentary or review purposes, that
would be a violation of your promise.  This example demonstrates that
when two people reach a mutual agreement about how they will handle some
information, they are ethically bound by it even beyond the regulations
of copyright law.
And surely it is clear that no decisions by Congress or any other
legislative or judicial body can change the ethics of this situation.
In fact, it is absurd to look to Congress for guidelines on ethics!
Surely everyone reading is aware that it is one of the least ethical
bodies in existence.  Those who look to Congress to justify breaking
their promises are not looking for ethics, they are looking for excuses.
Congress excels at providing those.
The point is that this situation is exactly analogous to what might happen
if you purchased a song or other information content by downloading,
and restrictions were placed on how you could handle it as a condition of
that purchase.  One of the restrictions might be that you can make no more
than 2 copies of the song for personal use.  Another restriction might
be that if you give a copy to someone else, you have to delete your copy.
Such restrictions cannot be evil, any more than was the even more
strict restriction imposed on the recipient in the book example above.
Evil only exists when someone is forced to do something they don't want
to.  Offering a song or a book with conditions does not force anyone to
do anything, because the offer can always be refused.  There can be no
evil in making someone an offer, even an unacceptably restricted one.
In fact, making or accepting any kind of offer, with any restrictions
which the parties choose, is a fundamental freedom which everyone
here should fight to support.  To say that people can only make or
accept offers which some third party deems acceptable is a coercive
infringement on people's liberty to make their own decisions and to
control their lives.  It is despotism of the worst sort.  Third parties
have no right to interfere in the agreements which others make.

@_date: 2002-07-01 19:30:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: on 'evil' as an abbreviation 
Sure, I might put a governor in my car if it would lower my insurance
rates.  And I might use a DRM system if it let me download music and
video that I wanted, while remaining compliant with the creators' wishes.
We're talking about voluntary systems here.  Ryan said that DRM was
evil even if voluntary.

@_date: 2002-07-11 03:30:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
--
Oh shit.  It really is the empire.
According to

@_date: 2002-07-10 01:20:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
Are you saying that if someone is legally resident in the US for a
while, the US IRS will attempt to get his assets all over the
world forever?  I find this hard to believe.

@_date: 2002-07-12 23:20:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
Ross Anderson charged that Microsoft "censored" Newsweek because the
Stephen Levy article disappeared.  Actually Newsweek moves articles to
their for-pay archives after a week.  You can still find a pointer to
it by going to  and entering Palladium in the "Search
the archives" box.
Will Ross Anderson withdraw his charge that this was an act of censorship
by Microsoft?

@_date: 2002-07-15 19:00:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Virtuallizing Palladium 
This is true, if you do like DeCSS and try to publish software with the
key in it.  The content consortium will put the cert for that key onto
a CRL, and the key will stop working.
The other possibility is to simply keep the key secret and use it to strip
DRM protection from content, then release the now-free data publicly.
This will work especially well if the companies offer free downloads of
content with some kind of restrictions that you can strip off.  If you
have to pay for each download before you can release it for free, then
you better be a pretty generous guy.
Or maybe you can get paid for your efforts.  This could be the true
killer app for anonymous e-cash.

@_date: 2002-08-03 18:10:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Other uses of TCPA 
You've said this a few times, and while it is a plausible goal of the
designers, I don't actually see this specific capability in the TCPA spec,
nor is it mentioned in the Palladium white paper.
For TCPA, you'd have to have the software as a blob which is encrypted
to some key that is locked in the TPM.  But the problem is that the
endorsement key is never leaked except to the Privacy CA, so the content
provider can't encrypt to that key.  Then there are Identity keys which
are short-term generated keys that get signed by the Privacy CA, but
these are primarily used to prove that you are running a TCPA system.
I'm not even sure if they are decryption keys.  In any case they are
supposed to be relatively transient.  You get a new one each time you go
online so that your web activities are not linkable.  So I don't think
Identity keys would be very suitable for locking software too, either.
I admit that it would be unlikely for Microsoft to go to all the trouble
of creating Palladium, without using it to solve its own severe software
piracy problems.  So I certainly wouldn't be surprised to see some way
of achieving what you are talking about.  But it is not mentioned in the
white paper, and TCPA doesn't seem to support it very well.  If it was,
as you say, "the application it was designed to perform," this fact is
far from apparent in the design documents.

@_date: 2002-08-02 23:40:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Other uses of TCPA 
I think that people are beginning to understand that TCPA is not a
black and white issue.  It is neither the overwhelming threat that some
activists are describing, nor the panacea that the vendors are selling.
It is a technology with strengths and weaknesses.
As an exercise, try thinking of ways you could use TCPA to promote "good
guy" applications.  What could you do in a P2P network if you could
trust that all participants were running approved software?  And if you
could prevent third parties, including hostile governments, from seeing
the data being used by that software?  You may be surprised to find that
if you look at it with an open mind, TCPA could be a tremendous boon to
freedom-oriented technologies.  From file sharing to crypto protocols
to digital cash, TCPA lets you expand the trusted computing base to
the entire set of participating machines.  It's really a tremendously
powerful technology.
The biggest problem, ironically, is that TCPA may not be secure enough.
It's one thing to make video piracy difficult, it's another matter to keep
the Chinese government from prying into the sealed storage.  But with
future generations of TCPA integrated onto CPUs with improved tamper
resistance, it will be much more difficult to defeat the protections.
It may turn out that TCPA can significantly facilitate cypherpunk goals.

@_date: 2002-08-12 14:20:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: On the outright laughability of internet "democracy" 
160 lines, 1,150 words, 6,393 characters, all insisting on describing his being guthooked, sinker eating, line chewing and flopping up into the greasy bilge, furiously spewing offense and defense, in serious, righteous and angry pursuit of the diaphanous illusion of anoned bait-spilth, becoming clearly the easiest, but also the lowest calorie catch o' the day. Back over the side with you, little fellow.
Good fish. Thank you for playing.

@_date: 2002-08-28 21:00:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Cryptographic privacy protection in TCPA 
Carl Ellison suggested an alternate way that TCPA could work to allow
for revoking virtualized TPMs without the privacy problems associated
with the present systems, and the technical problems of the elaborate
cryptographic methods.
Consider first the simplest possible method, which is just to put a
single signature key in each TPM and allow the TPM to use that to sign
its messages on the net.  This is reliable and allows TPM keys to be
revoked, but it obviously offers no privacy.  Every usage of a TPM key
can be correlated as coming from a single system.
TCPA fixed this by adding a trusted third party, the "Identity CA" who
would be the only one to see the TPM key.  But Carl offers a different
Instead of burning only one key into the TPM, burn several.  Maybe even
a hundred.  And let these keys be shared with other TPMs.  Each TPM has
many keys, and each key has copies in many TPMs.
Now let the TPMs use their various keys to identify themselves in
transactions on the net.  Because each key belongs to many different
TPMs, and the set of TPMs varies for each key, this protects privacy.
Any given usage of a key can be narrowed down only to a large set of
TPMs that possess that key.
If a key is misused, i.e. "scraped" out of the TPM and used to create a
virtualized, rule-breaking software TPM, it can be revoked.  This means
that all the TPMs that share that one key lose the use of that key.
But it doesn't matter much, because they each have many more they can use.
Since it is expected that only a small percentage of TPMs will ever need
their keys revoked, most TPMs should always have plenty of keys to use.
One problem is that a virtualized TPM which loses one of its keys will
still have others that it can use.  Eventually those keys will also be
recognized as being mis-used and be revoked as well.  But it may take
quite a while before all the keys on its list are exhausted.
To fix this, Carl suggests that the TPM manufacturer keep a list of all
the public keys that are in each TPM.  Then when a particular TPM has
some substantial fraction of its keys revoked, that would be a sign that
the TPM itself had been virtualized and all the rest of the keys could be
immediately revoked.  The precise threshold for this would depend on the
details of the system, the number of keys per TPM, the number of TPMs that
share a key, the percentage of revoked keys, etc.  But it should not be
necessary to allow each TPM to go through its entire repertoire of keys,
one at a time, before a virtualized TPM can be removed from the system.
Carl indicated that he suggested this alternative early in the TCPA
planning process, but it was not accepted.  It does seem that while
the system has advantages, in some ways it shares the problems of the
alternatives.  It provides privacy, but not complete privacy, not as
much as the cryptographic schemes.  And it provides security to the TPM
issuers, but not complete security, not as much as the Privacy CA method.
In this way it can be seen as a compromise.  Often, compromise solutions
are perceived more in terms of their disadvantages than their benefits.

@_date: 2002-08-20 06:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh on politics and DMCA 
Congratulations to Declan McCullagh for two recent articles which
challenge the conventional wisdom of the cyber rights crowd.
Last week it was arguing the futility of political participation in a world where
government is dominated by powerful economic interests.  Instead he
quotes cypherpunks Adam Back and Lance Cottrell to the effect that a
better approach is to change the terms of the debate by writing code
that creates technology.
(Bizarrely, he refers to "the motto of the Cypherpunks" while managing
to actually avoid saying "cypherpunks write code".  Maybe we can blame
the editor for that omission.)
Now at  Declan steps
into the viper's nest by coming out against DMCA sensationalism on the
part of the EFF.  He refers to "overly aggressive advocacy" by the EFF,
and provides quotes describing their efforts as "fear-mongering".
He quotes Orin Kerr, law professor at GWU:
"Opponents of the DMCA want to dramatize its effects, so they want people
to believe that the law is incredibly broad," Kerr says. "If the public
believes that the DMCA is stopping Professor Felten and other researchers
from conducting legitimate research, then that is a major victory for
opponents of the law."
All this is anathema to the slashdot crowd, of course.  The last thing
they want to hear is that DMCA isn't as bad as they've been told.
Again, kudos to Declan for taking a stance which is sure to be unpopular
and controversial among his supporters.  I may have to take back all
the nasty things I have said about him over the years.  Now let's see
what he has to say about Palladium...

@_date: 2002-08-22 06:50:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Chaum's unpatented ecash scheme 
Actually the scheme described based on Chaum's talk (corrected for
probable typos) is essentially what you describe in your paper as the
Type II Defence, in section 5.  Your analysis shows that it is not
vulnerable to marking and is anonymous.
Speaking of anonymous, you should give credit in your paper to Anonymous
for discovering the possibility of marking Lucre coins, in a coderpunks
posting at
 and for
inventing the Type II Defence, both in the posting above and amplifed
at It may seem pointless to credit anonymous postings, but it makes the
historical record more clear.

@_date: 2002-08-22 06:50:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Chaum's unpatented ecash scheme 
Actually the scheme described based on Chaum's talk (corrected for
probable typos) is essentially what you describe in your paper as the
Type II Defence, in section 5.  Your analysis shows that it is not
vulnerable to marking and is anonymous.
Speaking of anonymous, you should give credit in your paper to Anonymous
for discovering the possibility of marking Lucre coins, in a coderpunks
posting at
 and for
inventing the Type II Defence, both in the posting above and amplifed
at It may seem pointless to credit anonymous postings, but it makes the
historical record more clear.

@_date: 2002-08-20 23:00:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Chaum's unpatented ecash scheme 
David Chaum gave a talk at the Crypto 2002 conference recently in which
he briefly presented a number of interesting ideas, including an approach
to digital cash which he himself said would "avoid the ecash patents".
The diagram he showed was as follows:
        Optimistic Authenticator
                                     z = x^s
Payer         f(m)^a z^b             Bank
      ----------------------------->
            [f(m)^a z^b]^s
      <-----------------------------
               m, f(m)^s
      ----------------------------->
It's hard to figure out what this means, but it bears resemblance to a
scheme discussed on the Coderpunks list in 1999, a variant on a blinding
method developed by David Wagner.  See
 for a
description, with a sketch of a proof of blindness at
 and
In Chaum's diagram it is not clear which parts of the key are private and
which public, although z is presumably public.  Since the bank's action
is apparently to raise to the s power, s must be secret.  That suggests
that x is public.  However Chaum's system seems to require dividing by
(z^b)^s in order to unblind the value, and if s is secret, that doesn't
seem possible.
In Wagner's scheme everything was like this except that the bank's key
would be expressed as x = z^s, again with x and z public and s secret.
f(m) would be a one-way function, which gets doubly-blinded by being
raised to the a power and multiplied by z^b, where a and b are randomly
chosen blinding factors.  The bank raises this to its secret power s,
and the user unblinds to form f(m)^s.  To later deposit the coin he does
as in the third step, sending m and f(m)^s to the bank.
For the unblinding, the user can divide by (z^b)^s, which equals z^(b*s),
which equals (z^s)^b, which equals x^b.  Since x is public and the user
chose b, he can unblind the value.  Maybe the transcription above of the
Chaum scheme had a typo and it was actually similar to the Wagner method.
Chaum commented that the payer does not receive a signature in this
system, and that he doesn't need one because he is protected against
misbehavior by the bank.  This is apparently where the scheme gets
its name.

@_date: 2002-08-20 23:00:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Chaum's unpatented ecash scheme 
David Chaum gave a talk at the Crypto 2002 conference recently in which
he briefly presented a number of interesting ideas, including an approach
to digital cash which he himself said would "avoid the ecash patents".
The diagram he showed was as follows:
        Optimistic Authenticator
                                     z = x^s
Payer         f(m)^a z^b             Bank
      ----------------------------->
            [f(m)^a z^b]^s
      <-----------------------------
               m, f(m)^s
      ----------------------------->
It's hard to figure out what this means, but it bears resemblance to a
scheme discussed on the Coderpunks list in 1999, a variant on a blinding
method developed by David Wagner.  See
 for a
description, with a sketch of a proof of blindness at
 and
In Chaum's diagram it is not clear which parts of the key are private and
which public, although z is presumably public.  Since the bank's action
is apparently to raise to the s power, s must be secret.  That suggests
that x is public.  However Chaum's system seems to require dividing by
(z^b)^s in order to unblind the value, and if s is secret, that doesn't
seem possible.
In Wagner's scheme everything was like this except that the bank's key
would be expressed as x = z^s, again with x and z public and s secret.
f(m) would be a one-way function, which gets doubly-blinded by being
raised to the a power and multiplied by z^b, where a and b are randomly
chosen blinding factors.  The bank raises this to its secret power s,
and the user unblinds to form f(m)^s.  To later deposit the coin he does
as in the third step, sending m and f(m)^s to the bank.
For the unblinding, the user can divide by (z^b)^s, which equals z^(b*s),
which equals (z^s)^b, which equals x^b.  Since x is public and the user
chose b, he can unblind the value.  Maybe the transcription above of the
Chaum scheme had a typo and it was actually similar to the Wagner method.
Chaum commented that the payer does not receive a signature in this
system, and that he doesn't need one because he is protected against
misbehavior by the bank.  This is apparently where the scheme gets
its name.

@_date: 2002-09-13 17:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Wired article on cypherpunks 
Warm Party for a Code Group By Danit Lidor
2:00 a.m. Sep. 13, 2002 PDT
The cypherpunks are throwing a PGP (pretty good party) this weekend.
The venerable online community is celebrating its 10th anniversary which,
in the ephemeral world of the Internet, is remarkable.
But don't go unless you RSVP first. These people are admittedly paranoid,
contentious and quarrelsome. And they're not afraid to express their
ire, either.
No wonder. In 1992, the cypherpunks emerged from a small group of people
who, because of their interest in cryptography and encryption, recognized
that the free-flowing format of the burgeoning Web culture must provide
for anonymous interactions.
Not surprisingly, they soon came under the uncomfortable scrutiny of
the formidable National Security Agency.
The situation escalated in early 1993, after a computer programmer named
Phil Zimmermann (a patron saint of the community) -- alarmed that the
patents for public key encryption were sold to a company called RSA --
wrote an open-source, free program called PGP (Pretty Good Privacy).
The resulting debacle, in which Zimmermann was threatened with criminal
prosecution for exporting weapons (encryption technology is termed a
weapon by the U.S. government), brought the public's right to privacy to
the forefront of the now-commonplace tug-of-war between those who favor
"crytpo anarchy" and those who don't.
Through the active work of many civil libertarians, including the
cypherpunks, pressure was brought to bear upon the government to re-think
its position. The charges against Zimmermann were dropped.
It was a triumph. The geeks fought the law, and the geeks won.
"The cypherpunks' paranoia about information exploitation is becoming
mainstream," Peter Wayner, author of Translucent Databases, wrote in an
e-mail interview. "Everyone is learning that the cypherpunks' insistence
on limiting the proliferation of information is a good thing."
The cypherpunks' e-mail list forms the nucleus of the community,
which has grown to include people of many agendas and interests. No
longer the exclusive domain of crypto geeks, cypherpunks are "doctors,
lawyers, mathematicians, felons, druggies, anti-druggies, anarchists,
libertarians, right-wing fanatics, left-wing fanatics, teachers,
housewives, househusbands, students, cops and criminals," cypherpunk
J.A. Terranson wrote in a posting.
Or maybe not.
Cypherpunk Optimizzin Al-gorithym wrote in typically obscure cypherpunk
fashion, "We're all just voices in Tim May's head."
May, one of the original cypherpunks, continues to be an active
figurehead of the cypherpunks and has often bridged the chasm between
its historically secretive culture and its forays into the public sphere.
In 10 years, the list has become an amalgamation of a political
watchdog site, a social club and a repository of technical cryptographic
"(It's) where people from all different backgrounds and views can hear
from one another," mathematician Nina Fefferman said. "We math people are
frequently shocked and confused by what the politicians do with regard
to legislating crypto-related issues. Conversely, the policy and society
people are frequently interested in issues that have to do with the use
and regulation of cryptographic standards and research."
Others are disappointed by the list's current tepid political climate.
"The atmosphere isn't as electric because the scene has grown so big,"
Wayner said. "It's not just a few guys talking about the importance of
some mathematical equations. It's like debating the importance of indoor
plumbing now. No one disputes it, they just want to argue about copper
versus PVC."
Wayner, Zimmermann, as well as May, John Gilmore and Eric Hughes
(the original founders of the list), however, have emerged from their
cypherpunk association as key public privacy figures: vocal and passionate
defenders of civil liberties on the Web.
It's hard to imagine the secretive and fractious cryptocrusaders
assembling for a physical meeting. Even May, the party's host, isn't
sure who or how many cypherpunks to expect to his soiree at a hideaway
in the Santa Cruz (California) mountains.
"Some meetings (in the Bay Area) have 40 attendees, some have 15,"
he said.
But he's adamant about who won't be coming. Never one to mince words,
he wrote, "Narcs and feds will not be allowed at the meeting. Fuck
them dead."

@_date: 2002-09-04 20:50:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: 8pm update 
8pm update
Corralitos, September 14th, 2002.
A group of armed white supremacists, known to support anti-american activities and publicly calling for dismantling of US government, has been in stand off with police for six hours now. The incident started when a guest at Mr. May's party called the police to complain about being threatened with a weapon. Several neighbors also reported supicious gathering.
Additional SWAT forces are being called in.

@_date: 2002-09-01 22:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Cryptographic privacy protection in TCPA 
It looks like Camenisch & Lysyanskaya are patenting their credential
system.  This is from the online patent applications database:
Some of the claims seem a little broad, like this first one:
Wouldn't this general description cover most proposed credential systems
in the past, such as those by Chaum or Brands?
Does anyone know how to contact the PTO regarding proposed patents,
perhaps to point out prior art?

@_date: 2002-09-01 22:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Cryptographic privacy protection in TCPA 
It looks like Camenisch & Lysyanskaya are patenting their credential
system.  This is from the online patent applications database:
Some of the claims seem a little broad, like this first one:
Wouldn't this general description cover most proposed credential systems
in the past, such as those by Chaum or Brands?
Does anyone know how to contact the PTO regarding proposed patents,
perhaps to point out prior art?

@_date: 2002-09-19 00:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
Could you say something about the sense in which Palladium achieves
BORE ("break once run everywhere") resistance?  It seems that although
Palladium is supposed to be able to provide content security (among
other things), a broken Palladium implementation would allow extracting
the content from the "virtual vault" where it is kept sealed.  In that
case the now-decrypted content can indeed run everywhere.
This seems to present an inconsistency between the claimed strength of the
system and the description of its security behavior.  This discrepancy
may be why Palladium critics like Ross Anderson charge that Microsoft
intends to implement "document revocation lists" which would let Palladium
systems seek out and destroy illicitly shared documents and even programs.
Some have claimed that Microsoft is talking out of both sides of its
mouth, promising the content industry that it will be protected against
BORE attacks, while assuring the security/privacy community that the
system is limited in its capabilities.  If you could clear up this
discrepancy that would be helpful.  Thanks...

@_date: 2002-11-22 07:20:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Blaze, Diffie, et al torpedo eDNA 
Markoff writes in the NY Times about a proposal called eDNA which would
"reconfigure" the Internet to forbid anonymous usage of certain parts.
The scheme was explored by DARPA a few months ago, which gave a contract
to SRI to look into it.  SRI convened a panel that included Matt Blaze,
Whit Diffie, Roger Needham and Marc Rotenberg (of EPIC).  These guys
hated the idea, but the SRI contact, one Victoria Stavridou, refused to
allow Blaze to write up the consensus once it became clear that he was
going to shred the proposal.
The commmitee members exchanged furious emails, full of personal attacks,
complaining that Stavridou was hijacking the report.  But she persisted,
briefing DARPA orally and refusing to include Blaze and the others in
the teleconference as had been planned.
Despite Stavridou's attempt to spin the results, DARPA currently says
it has no intention of pursuing eDNA.  SRI says that it concluded "that
the costs and risks would outweigh any benefit."

@_date: 2002-11-05 22:30:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: patent free(?) anonymous credential system pre-print 
Stefan Brands writes regarding And balanced against all these numerous shortcomings, there is one
inescapable, overwhelming fact:
THE AUTHORS ARE MAKING THE FRUITS OF THEIR LABOR AVAILABLE FREELY FOR
THE WORLD TO USE.
With all of your patents, and your writings, and your self-promotion,
how many people are using your certificates in the real world?  Think how
much you could have accomplished, how much of a difference you could have
made, if you had been willing to sacrifice the hope of great riches.
Instead you have followed in the footsteps of your mentor Chaum, and
both of you have withheld your talent from the world.
What is it about cash and credential systems that everyone who works
in the area thinks they should patent their results?  All you have
accomplished is to make sure that no implementations exist!  What good
are your great ideas if no one can use them?
Look at Chaum!  Is that where you want to be in 20 years?  Bitter and
barren?  Cut off from the cryptographic community?  Reduced to publishing
via the government patent office?
That's no life for a great mind.  Creativity demands interaction with
an active and vital intellectual community.  You have to give in order
to take.  Building walls around your intellectual property shuts others
out even as you shut yourself in.
If you really want to accomplish something meaningful, rather than
continuing to hype and shill for a system which no one can use without
entering into delicate financial negotiations, why not make it available
on some basis for people to experiment with?  Maybe a non-commercial,
open-source GPL implementation could be a starting point.  There is
considerable interest in reputation systems among the P2P community
and credentials could be a part of that.  You can still protect your
commercial interests while letting people get familiar with the technology
by making a non-commercial library available.
That's just one possibility.  The point is, your ideas are going nowhere
using your present strategy.  Either this technology won't be used at
all, or inferior but unrestricted implementations will be explored,
as in the recent work.  If you want things to happen differently, you
must change your strategy.

@_date: 2002-11-20 00:10:29
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Microsoft on Darknet 
Microsoft faces up to (and renames) BlackNet:
The Darknet and the Future of Content Distribution
        Peter Biddle, Paul England, Marcus Peinado, and Bryan Willman
                          Microsoft Corporation[1]
                                  Abstract
           We investigate the darknet - a collection of networks and
           technologies used to share digital content.  The darknet is not
           a separate physical network but an application and protocol
           layer riding on existing networks.  Examples of darknets are
           peer-to-peer file sharing, CD and DVD copying, and key or
           password sharing on email and newsgroups.  The last few years
           have seen vast increases in the darknet's aggregate bandwidth,
           reliability, usability, size of shared library, and availability
           of search engines.  In this paper we categorize and analyze
           existing and future darknets, from both the technical and legal
           perspectives.  We speculate that there will be short-term
           impediments to the effectiveness of the darknet as a
           distribution mechanism, but ultimately the darknet-genie will
           not be put back into the bottle.  In view of this hypothesis, we
           examine the relevance of content protection and content
           distribution architectures.

@_date: 2003-02-26 22:50:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: cryptome log downloads 
These IPs downloaded access log from cryptome during hacked state.

@_date: 2003-06-12 09:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal 
It may be that real authentication is hard, but the unbelievably sloppy
practices of domain name registrars doesn't prove the case.
Imagine if property ownership were recorded with the same degree of rigor.
"I'm sorry, sir, but you don't own your house any more.  We received a
typewritten letter with your name on it saying you were transferring
ownership to ShoppingMall Inc.  The demolition teams are moving in,
and I'm afraid you'll have to be out by Friday."
Domain names are handled carelessly while real estate is not, due to
many factors.  Probably one of the main ones is the relative immaturity
of the domain name system compared to the centuries of experience we
have evolving mechanisms to deal with real property.
Clearly the registrars are making little or no effort to authenticate
domain name transfers at present.  At one time you could specify that only
messages signed with a given PGP key would authorize a transfer, but that
precaution has apparently disappeared, no doubt due to lack of interest
and the costs of support.  Maybe this could be something that a registrar
could use to differentiate itself from the many otherwise-identical
competitors in the market: we won't let your domain names get stolen.
What a novel concept.

@_date: 2003-06-13 02:11:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
Apparently you neglected to read
 where
Microsoft says (as they have repeated many times) "Customers and partners
need reliable ways to ensure the quality of technology that addresses
the critical needs met by NGSCB. That's why Microsoft will make available
for public review the source code of the core piece of enabling software
in NGSCB, called the 'nexus,' so it can be evaluated and validated by
third parties for both security and privacy considerations."
Therefore some educated person (obviously not you, at least not yet)
will in fact be able to perform their own examination of the trusted part
of the OS, since it will have its source code published for exactly this
sort of review.
Very few of the Technical FAQ answers are so brief.  In this case, it is
a stupid question and deserves a trivial answer.  The only reason it is
in there is because of the lies spread by Lucky Green and Ross Anderson,
all about how Palladium will connect to a central server and refuse to
let you work with your own documents, or delete files that Microsoft or
the U.S. Government don't like.
Microsoft's legacy software is all extremely complex.  Palladium is
taking a different approach, aiming at simplicity and transparency.
The Nexus, which is the micro-kernel for the trusted components (NCAs),
will be published for review.  Its tasks are relatively few and well
defined, nothing like the massive Windows OS.  That is what Microsoft has
gained by architecting Palladium as they did, with the new "trusted"
CPU mode, which allows side-by-side operating systems to run.  On the
left hand side (LHS) we find the legacy Windows OS and applications.
On the right hand side (RHS) we find the Nexus acting as the OS, and
the NCAs acting as the applications.
The brilliance of Palladium is that the LHS can't touch the RHS,
because of hardware protection.  At one stroke, the new trusted mode is
insulated from bugs in the Windows OS, device drivers and applications.
It in effect allows the designers to start with a clean piece of paper
and produce a simple micro-kernel (the Nexus) whose only job is to
service the NCAs.  This is a manageable task and, in conjunction with
public review, there is good reason to hope and expect that the Nexus
will be secure.  If so then NCAs will indeed run in a mode where they
are protected from other software components (including other NCAs).
Read the documents!  Actually you claim you already read them, but
obviously you are lying or you would know that this question has been
answered.  I wrote a long posting about this last month explaining how
it worked.  The mechanism is called a Manifest and is described in section
9 of You can either use a hash of the NCA (which would not allow the NCA to be
updated) or you can use a signing key, where NCAs signed by the same key
would effectively share the same identity.  The Manifest can also limit
which other components are used by the NCA.  It's a very flexible system.
As far as the NCAs being "foolishly trusted", all they are trusted to
do is to run without being molested.  That's not exactly giving them the
keys to the kingdom.  And see above for the reasons why it is reasonable
to believe that they can in fact be trusted to run with this degree
of security.
In my proposal, each ecommerce site would have its own unique NCA with
its own unique identity.  As anyone who has studied NGSCB (except you)
knows, NCAs are protected from each other as well as from the rest of
the system.  Therefore rogue or compromised sites would not be able to
touch the information that was being held for other sites.  e-go1d.com
would not be able to get at the information associated with e-gold.com.
Your proposed attack does not work.
Your comments above make it clear that you are not at all acquainted
with the material in those documents.  If you're going to pretend to
be a security expert (remember when you advocated ECB mode for the XML
encryption effort?!!), you could do worse than spending a few hours
studying these documents closely.  It's very likely that NGSCB will
be a central technology for security in the next two to ten years or
even longer.  This is undoubtedly an area where security consulting
could be lucrative.  Sadly, even "experts" of your caliber can probably
be very successful in this area.  But you'll have to do your homework.

@_date: 2003-06-11 01:30:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
That makes sense.  However it puts the burden onto the user to closely
inspect his window frames in order to make sure that he is talking
to the program (or NCA in Palladium) that he thinks he is talking to.
It also introduces the problem of program-name spoofing; you might be
given a dialog to enter your password for Paypa1 or E-Go1d.
If users were that careful, we wouldn't have these kinds of problems in
the first place.

@_date: 2003-06-10 05:00:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
It was none other than Microsoft's NGSCB, nee Palladium.  See
   NEW ORLEANS--Microsoft is trying to make security obvious.
   The software giant plans to visually alter document or application
   windows that contain private information that's secured through
   Microsoft's Next-Generation Secure Computing Base (NGSCB), formerly
   known as Palladium. Secure windows will look different than regular,
   unsecured windows in order to remind users that they are looking
   at confidential material, Peter Biddle, product unit manager for
   Microsoft, said Thursday at the Windows Hardware Engineering Conference
   (WinHEC) here.
   ...
   The border of a secured page may contain information--such as the
   names of all the dogs that someone has ever owned--to make the data
   instantly recognizable as sound to the individual owner, as well as
   difficult to replicate. A hacker can create a spoof page with dogs'
   names running along the border but, in all likelihood, not one reading
   "Buffy, Skip and Jack Daniels--and in that order," Biddle said.
   ...
   Information on secured windows will vanish if another window is placed
   on top of it or shifted to the background. Erasing the information
   will prevent certain types of attacks and remind people that they're
   dealing with confidential material, Biddle said.
   When the secure window returns to the top of the stack, the information
   will reappear, he said.
I don't see how this is going to work.  The concept seems to assume
that there is a distinction between "trusted" and "untrusted" programs.
But in the NGSCB architecture, Nexus Computing Agents (NCAs) can be
written by anyone.  If you've loaded a Trojan application onto your
machine, it can create an NCA, which would presumably be eligible to
put up a "trusted" window.
So either you have to configure a different list of doggie names for
every NCA (one for your banking program, one for Media Player, one for
each online game you play, etc.), or else each NCA gets access to your
Secret Master List of Doggie Names.  The first possibility is unmanageable
and the second means that the trustedness of the window is meaningless.
So what good is this?  What problem does it solve?

@_date: 2003-06-16 00:50:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: anon news 
Is there some way to read usenet anon, not with google, but with a linux news reader like tin? I'm sure I can use google with JAP fairly securely, but google's pretty slow.

@_date: 2003-07-19 17:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: FREENET 0.5.2!! DRUGS!! GUNS!! PORNOGRAFY!!! YANKEE GO HOME!! 
DRUGS !! GUNS !! PORNOGRAFY !! YANKEE GO HOME !! HANDS OFF Saddam Hussein !!!!!
if you want drugs, guns, alcohol, pornografy lolitas, bukkake schoolgirl,
you can find this here -  !!
WARNING!!! only on the Freenet you may find this "illegal" things!!!
All of Terrorism on the railroad track !!!
if you want join the Alkaida organization you need to go this link
 !!
WHOLE ANTI JEFF GORDON / ROBB LONDON THEME ON THIS ADDRESS
HURRY UP !!! This Address Can Soon Close!!

@_date: 2003-07-08 21:40:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
The detailed technical specs are apparently secret, but an overview
of the multi-layered SACD copy protection is at
  If
you don't like PDFs, most of the same information is at
Both of the documents above specifically deny that software based players
will be allowed.  I get the impression that the decryption will always be
done in hardware, and if a PC is ever able to play one of these gadgets,
it will be a Palladium system or something similar that can be locked
That's mostly about how hardware hackers can use modern chips and custom
PC boards without spending more than a few hundred dollars.  Fine,
but it's a long way from that to being able to pull an algorithm and/or
device key out of a chip which has been designed to make that difficult.

@_date: 2003-07-08 06:40:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
There is a loss of quality if you go through an analog stage.  Real and
wannabe audiophiles will prefer the real thing, pure and undiluted by
a reconversion phase.  These are the people who are already swallowing
the marketing line that the CD bandwidth limit of 22KHz is too low for
good fidelity, despite being higher than they can hear.
Consider how much more wine from Champagne is worth than that from a
village just outside of the appelation limits.  People want to feel
that they are getting the authentic goods, and they'll pay for them.
That's what the RIAA is counting on.

@_date: 2003-07-08 06:40:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
There is a loss of quality if you go through an analog stage.  Real and
wannabe audiophiles will prefer the real thing, pure and undiluted by
a reconversion phase.  These are the people who are already swallowing
the marketing line that the CD bandwidth limit of 22KHz is too low for
good fidelity, despite being higher than they can hear.
Consider how much more wine from Champagne is worth than that from a
village just outside of the appelation limits.  People want to feel
that they are getting the authentic goods, and they'll pay for them.
That's what the RIAA is counting on.

@_date: 2003-07-07 05:30:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
This is only for the minimal forms of "protection" which are designed to
work with existing CD/DVD players.   If you look at the new audio formats
like SACD, they use encrypted data.  All your lasers won't do you any
good unless you can pry a key (and the algorithm!) out of a consumer
player, which won't be easy assuming it is in a tamper-resistant unit.
And you can bet the industry won't make the mistake again of allowing
software-based players, as they did with the DeCSS affair.
In short, you're fighting yesterday's war.  Try looking ahead a bit to
see where the battlegrounds of the future will be contested.

@_date: 2003-07-26 05:40:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
One point being overlooked here is digital versus physical anonymity.
The "funky" ATM (what, does it smell or something?) will allow you to
(among other things) stick in some cash and let someone else withdraw it
using a password which you have sent him out of band (according to the
patent - which I've actually read, more than anyone else here can say).
This will allow for digital anonymity in the sense that there is no
account information associated with the transaction.
Now, it's true that ATMs take pictures of people, so you don't have
full physical anonymity.  But given the limited reliability of facial
recognition systems, especially if you take simple precautions like
wearing a hat and tilting your head down, you can have de facto very
strong anonymity putting money into or taking it out of an ATM.  The mere
fact that it takes your picture doesn't mean that much.
It's also true that the amount of cash that could be practically
transfered in this way is limited to a few thousand dollars at most, given
that the machines will probably only accept and dispense twenty dollar
bills or equivalent.  Nevertheless such payments would be a good start.
The ability to pay or receive a few thousand dollars, untraceably, would
enable a number of interesting applications involving freedom of speech
and action.  Writing custom software or providing sensitive information
could be funded at these levels.
The point which has been mostly overlooked is that this article was
nothing but vapor, based on the issuance of a patent.  There's a huge
barrier between the idea and the implementation.  A cash-transfer ATM
would be a true boon to cypherpunk goals, but it is doubtful whether
such a system will be allowed to exist in today's world.

@_date: 2003-07-26 05:40:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
One point being overlooked here is digital versus physical anonymity.
The "funky" ATM (what, does it smell or something?) will allow you to
(among other things) stick in some cash and let someone else withdraw it
using a password which you have sent him out of band (according to the
patent - which I've actually read, more than anyone else here can say).
This will allow for digital anonymity in the sense that there is no
account information associated with the transaction.
Now, it's true that ATMs take pictures of people, so you don't have
full physical anonymity.  But given the limited reliability of facial
recognition systems, especially if you take simple precautions like
wearing a hat and tilting your head down, you can have de facto very
strong anonymity putting money into or taking it out of an ATM.  The mere
fact that it takes your picture doesn't mean that much.
It's also true that the amount of cash that could be practically
transfered in this way is limited to a few thousand dollars at most, given
that the machines will probably only accept and dispense twenty dollar
bills or equivalent.  Nevertheless such payments would be a good start.
The ability to pay or receive a few thousand dollars, untraceably, would
enable a number of interesting applications involving freedom of speech
and action.  Writing custom software or providing sensitive information
could be funded at these levels.
The point which has been mostly overlooked is that this article was
nothing but vapor, based on the issuance of a patent.  There's a huge
barrier between the idea and the implementation.  A cash-transfer ATM
would be a true boon to cypherpunk goals, but it is doubtful whether
such a system will be allowed to exist in today's world.

@_date: 2003-07-26 05:40:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
One point being overlooked here is digital versus physical anonymity.
The "funky" ATM (what, does it smell or something?) will allow you to
(among other things) stick in some cash and let someone else withdraw it
using a password which you have sent him out of band (according to the
patent - which I've actually read, more than anyone else here can say).
This will allow for digital anonymity in the sense that there is no
account information associated with the transaction.
Now, it's true that ATMs take pictures of people, so you don't have
full physical anonymity.  But given the limited reliability of facial
recognition systems, especially if you take simple precautions like
wearing a hat and tilting your head down, you can have de facto very
strong anonymity putting money into or taking it out of an ATM.  The mere
fact that it takes your picture doesn't mean that much.
It's also true that the amount of cash that could be practically
transfered in this way is limited to a few thousand dollars at most, given
that the machines will probably only accept and dispense twenty dollar
bills or equivalent.  Nevertheless such payments would be a good start.
The ability to pay or receive a few thousand dollars, untraceably, would
enable a number of interesting applications involving freedom of speech
and action.  Writing custom software or providing sensitive information
could be funded at these levels.
The point which has been mostly overlooked is that this article was
nothing but vapor, based on the issuance of a patent.  There's a huge
barrier between the idea and the implementation.  A cash-transfer ATM
would be a true boon to cypherpunk goals, but it is doubtful whether
such a system will be allowed to exist in today's world.

@_date: 2003-07-26 05:40:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
One point being overlooked here is digital versus physical anonymity.
The "funky" ATM (what, does it smell or something?) will allow you to
(among other things) stick in some cash and let someone else withdraw it
using a password which you have sent him out of band (according to the
patent - which I've actually read, more than anyone else here can say).
This will allow for digital anonymity in the sense that there is no
account information associated with the transaction.
Now, it's true that ATMs take pictures of people, so you don't have
full physical anonymity.  But given the limited reliability of facial
recognition systems, especially if you take simple precautions like
wearing a hat and tilting your head down, you can have de facto very
strong anonymity putting money into or taking it out of an ATM.  The mere
fact that it takes your picture doesn't mean that much.
It's also true that the amount of cash that could be practically
transfered in this way is limited to a few thousand dollars at most, given
that the machines will probably only accept and dispense twenty dollar
bills or equivalent.  Nevertheless such payments would be a good start.
The ability to pay or receive a few thousand dollars, untraceably, would
enable a number of interesting applications involving freedom of speech
and action.  Writing custom software or providing sensitive information
could be funded at these levels.
The point which has been mostly overlooked is that this article was
nothing but vapor, based on the issuance of a patent.  There's a huge
barrier between the idea and the implementation.  A cash-transfer ATM
would be a true boon to cypherpunk goals, but it is doubtful whether
such a system will be allowed to exist in today's world.

@_date: 2003-07-26 05:40:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
One point being overlooked here is digital versus physical anonymity.
The "funky" ATM (what, does it smell or something?) will allow you to
(among other things) stick in some cash and let someone else withdraw it
using a password which you have sent him out of band (according to the
patent - which I've actually read, more than anyone else here can say).
This will allow for digital anonymity in the sense that there is no
account information associated with the transaction.
Now, it's true that ATMs take pictures of people, so you don't have
full physical anonymity.  But given the limited reliability of facial
recognition systems, especially if you take simple precautions like
wearing a hat and tilting your head down, you can have de facto very
strong anonymity putting money into or taking it out of an ATM.  The mere
fact that it takes your picture doesn't mean that much.
It's also true that the amount of cash that could be practically
transfered in this way is limited to a few thousand dollars at most, given
that the machines will probably only accept and dispense twenty dollar
bills or equivalent.  Nevertheless such payments would be a good start.
The ability to pay or receive a few thousand dollars, untraceably, would
enable a number of interesting applications involving freedom of speech
and action.  Writing custom software or providing sensitive information
could be funded at these levels.
The point which has been mostly overlooked is that this article was
nothing but vapor, based on the issuance of a patent.  There's a huge
barrier between the idea and the implementation.  A cash-transfer ATM
would be a true boon to cypherpunk goals, but it is doubtful whether
such a system will be allowed to exist in today's world.

@_date: 2003-07-23 20:40:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Dna samples of world leaders 
What is most troubling is that USG assumes (correctly ?) that
assassinating relatives of enemies of the state will be welcomed
by the public.

@_date: 2003-09-20 22:10:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cryptome: Torch Concepts threatening Cypherpunks 
The attorney for Torch Concepts has sent cease and desist letters to Bill Scannell and Len Sassaman for offering the Torch Concepts file, the "smoking gun" in the Jet Blue privacy violation scandal.
The file is currently still available on Len Sassaman's website, as well as Cryptome.

@_date: 2003-10-31 16:30:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: radiusnet archives? 
Anyone knows what happened to the radiusnet crypto archives?
I bookmarked them at  once.
Now the whole domain seem dead.

@_date: 2003-10-13 05:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: EFF Report on Trusted Computing 
Just thought someone should take the trouble to rebut the anonymous
pro-treacherous-computing rantings...
I have heavily trimmed our anonymous ranters verbose writing style to
keep just the bits I'm responding to (inline...)
Unsubstantiated claim: what incorrect assumptions did Schoen make?  I
did not see any.
Schoen points out that TC can be broken out into desirable and
undesirable features.  If you omit the undesirable features, as he
describes, you get the remaining desirable features.
There is no loss from blocking the undesirable features.
I see no contradition.  More unsubstantiated claims.
They are not lying and you do your credibility no favors by making
such unsubstantiated claims.
You are just misconstruing the obvious meaning of their warnings: the
features they describe (and plenty more and worse) are technically
feasible with the TC hardware enforcement, and given microsoft's
history of repeated dirty tricks campaigns in the areas of document
format wars, reporting private information back home to microsoft,
browser wars, interface wars, restrictive business practices regarding
licensing it would be fool hardy in the extreme to not expect more of
the same in the area of platform control based on Palladium.
Of course _you_ are not wishing to admit or emphasize these points,
but you can hardly get away with impugning the integrity of high
reputation individuals like Prof Ross Anderson with such paltry
Your arguments are crass and of the form: "but the current microsoft
PR documents don't admit that it could do that, nor of course that
microsoft are planning to do that, so it's not fair for you to point
that out and caution people about the kinds of things microsoft may be
planning".  Technology is criticized and discussed based on the
potential and most likely inferred directions given microsoft's
history and prior demonstration of interest to control various aspects
of the software platform.
It's far from obvious that TC will have no part to play in the next
few decades of open warfare against linux from microsoft.  There are
any number of ways to extend the existing dirty tricks regarding
formats, protocols, licensing etc using the TC hardware enforcement.
Yes indeed and they are quite right.  That is exactly the problem with
remote attestation.
More unsubstantiated claims.  This statement is both false and not
backed up by any of your following text.
This is really strange logic: you have a choice not to use a client
because you don't have to use the service?!!?  Of course it detracts from choice.  Absent remote attestation things
would be as they are today and users could modify existing clients,
write their own clients, or obtain third party clients for any
service.  Removing _that_ choice is the problem.  And it is a big and
significant detraction from the current open nature of the internet.
One that favors large companies such as microsoft with an interest to
stifle innovation and competition.
Yes it would.  It either wouldn't be offered or it would be offered
without such limitations.  These are the trade-offs we like because
they are open and offer a level playing field and user choice.
The "choices" you promote come down to the end-user not owning and
controlling their own hardware.
Freedom of choice be damned.
And indeed it does add limitations as I discussed above.
Yes indeeed it is true that it will create ever worse lock-in and
interoperability problems.
They are both problems.  You are right in the limited sense that
Schoen should _also_ have objected to the lock-in enabling aspects of
the sealing function.
That creates lock-in problems yes.  Network effects are worse
multipliers of interop problems were (one of Ross Anderson's
scenarios) microsoft uses sealing to prevent openoffice etal reading
MS word documents.
It's artificial lock-ins which are bad economics for consumers.  They
result in higher prices to prop up the profits of those creating the
lock-in.  Commoditization is good for consumers.  Lock-ins are
attempts to decommoditize by microsoft to extend their waning days as
a virtual monopoly.
But it doesn't do that.  It brings in a new era where the defacto is
controlled and owned up by microsoft and the user has no rights and no
control over their own machines.
Here's that falacious argument again.  In theory what you say may be
true.  In practice it is utterly false and you know it.  Microsoft
will do it's worst to ensure that it does stop people doing things the
old way.  That means that the next sweep of intentionally not
backwards compatible and yet still defacto standard software from
microsoft will not be available without it.  And so your only "choice"
will be shutting yourself off from the rest of the world, or putting
up with ceding control of the platform wholly to microsoft.  Of course
given your contorted logic further up, this would seem like a fine
"choice" to you.
Wrong again.  Microsoft will ride the pain barrier between this
lock-in and the cost of switching.  It may even subsidize short term
to gain the longer term lock-in to put others out of business.
Wrong.  It's just your own microsoft centric myopia doesn't enable you
to see the obvious.  You stick legalistically and pedantically to what
is released in microsoft PR documents, but refuse to acknowledge or
even think for yourself far enough to realise the obvious conclusion
this horrendous wrong-turn for netfreedoms will reach given the long
term business plans and obvious previous tactics which will be
translated to apply and extend the effect of this until it has a
stranglehold on the world.  Again freedoms be damned.
No it doesn't.  Hostile software can't undermine the users
configuration or software.  It just makes the machine act once again
under user control.
No.  It's like allowing user blinding of certificates to ensure
privacy.  You allow user change of software to enable user control.  Wrong.  See above.
Wrong.  The host security aspects still exist with owner override.
Ah so you do concede that despite your claim to the contrary above.

@_date: 2003-10-01 20:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Dan Geer Fired (was re: Technology Firm With Ties to 
The company I work for forbids its employees to discuss crypto issues
in public forums like this one.  That's why I only post anonymously.
They have several concerns.  One is the still-existent crypto export
regulations which could be construed to forbid technical discussions
of cryptography in public forums accessible to foreigners.  Another is
the danger that the employee might say something which could embarrass
the company, such as admitting problems in the company's products.
Employees may also find themselves talking to customers of the company
and say things different from what the sales representatives are telling
them, which leads to huge problems.
There are actually many valid reasons to keep employees from talking
publicly about technical issues in any field related to their employment.
Add to this the many political and legal issues that are specific to
cryptography and it is unsurprising that so many companies restrict what
their employees can say, as a condition of employment.
One thing I haven't heard in the Geer case is whether his employment
contract did have such limitations.  If not, he might conceivably have
grounds for a wrongful termination suit, although even then the company
could make a pretty good case that bad-mouthing one of the company's
biggest customers is valid grounds for dismissal.
It's also interesting that Geer claims in an interview [1] that he
approached nine differrent academic researchers who refused to sign on
to the report even though they agreed with its recommendations, because
they were afraid of losing funding.  I find this somewhat hard to believe,
first because I don't agree with the conclusions of the report (although
my analysis has been censored), and second because I don't think that
Microsoft controls that much academic research funding.  It's possible
that Geer is exaggerating or that the researchers were not completely
honest about the reasons for their lack of interest.
[1]

@_date: 2003-11-25 09:00:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: polygonal sequences 
I was trying to find some old references I used to have concerning an idea men tioned in sci.crypt way back.
 It was Phil Zimmermann I think who mentioned something about a possibly new idea for a new public key scheme. He called it "The cryptographic uses of polygonal sequences" and is found here I think:

@_date: 2003-11-26 22:10:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Cameras in the voting booth?  Jesus Christ, you guys are morons.  If you
want to sell your vote, just vote absentee.  The ward guy will even stamp
and mail it for you.  Happens every election.

@_date: 2003-11-25 09:00:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: polygonal sequences 
I was trying to find some old references I used to have concerning an idea men tioned in sci.crypt way back.
 It was Phil Zimmermann I think who mentioned something about a possibly new idea for a new public key scheme. He called it "The cryptographic uses of polygonal sequences" and is found here I think:

@_date: 2003-11-25 09:00:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: polygonal sequences 
I was trying to find some old references I used to have concerning an idea men tioned in sci.crypt way back.
 It was Phil Zimmermann I think who mentioned something about a possibly new idea for a new public key scheme. He called it "The cryptographic uses of polygonal sequences" and is found here I think:

@_date: 2003-12-16 11:30:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Remailers and TLAs 
Even though I agree this issue is important I wouldn't be surprised if NONE were run by TLAs today and NONE has ever been run by TLAs. We will never get any such answer and therefore these speculations will continue. Personally I think it sounds really stupid when I read comments like "you can only trust remailers from pre 9/11" (these kinds of silly/stupid/dumb-paranoid comments are often seen on A.P.A-S). The reason being really that I think they are too stupid and perhaps doesn't really understand what good it would do them to actually operate a few. I may be wrong I guess. When thinking of these things I also remeber having read several comments by remops that actually have been visited by police. Both in U.S. and abroad. The feeling I got from reading their comments is that the police (in case of U.S. I think it was FBI who was inviolved) actually didn't even know what a remailer was. If (and this is a bif "if") that is true in general amongst FBI agents I don't think th
 ere's a major risk of beeing flooded by TLA operated remailers any time soon. But who knows.

@_date: 2003-12-09 09:00:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
I find it strange that some people here so often wants to intimidate those that dares to ask some questions. Eric put it very well in his post about dicksizewar. Very true indeed.
I find it very *l*a*m*e* to all the time tell people to RTFM when something comes up that happened to be have been dealt with like five years ago.

@_date: 2003-12-09 09:00:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks discussions 
I find it strange that some people here so often wants to intimidate those that dares to ask some questions. Eric put it very well in his post about dicksizewar. Very true indeed.
I find it very *l*a*m*e* to all the time tell people to RTFM when something comes up that happened to be have been dealt with like five years ago.

@_date: 2003-12-13 02:40:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Retarded.  Someone trying to frame Mr. Seaver by adopting his
three-space paragraph lead-ins.

@_date: 2003-12-13 02:40:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Retarded.  Someone trying to frame Mr. Seaver by adopting his
three-space paragraph lead-ins.

@_date: 2003-12-12 23:20:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Nomen Nescio spake:
Why robbing banks?  Aside from allowing the
government to regulate them, what have they
done to deserve being robbed?

@_date: 2003-12-12 23:20:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Nomen Nescio spake:
Why robbing banks?  Aside from allowing the
government to regulate them, what have they
done to deserve being robbed?

@_date: 2003-12-12 07:10:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Another excellent group of potential recruits are prisoners.
Especially if you can create a new religious movement teaching
them to stop the interracial, intergang fighting and concentrate
on their true enemy, the Man. Teach that killing cops, soldiers,
any type of government agent, is a holy act. Robbing banks is a holy act. Killing the guards in the prisons, killing the excutives of polluting industries -- all holy acts.     Leaflets could be dropped from radio controlled balloons during "yard time" preaching the Word.

@_date: 2003-12-12 07:10:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Another excellent group of potential recruits are prisoners.
Especially if you can create a new religious movement teaching
them to stop the interracial, intergang fighting and concentrate
on their true enemy, the Man. Teach that killing cops, soldiers,
any type of government agent, is a holy act. Robbing banks is a holy act. Killing the guards in the prisons, killing the excutives of polluting industries -- all holy acts.     Leaflets could be dropped from radio controlled balloons during "yard time" preaching the Word.

@_date: 2003-12-19 18:50:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Ken, Eh what?
Yes I've heard a lot of the Soviet union, however I don't see what you meant by that comment here.
What I was referring to was the winning powers' treatment of the Nazi war criminals after WWII, Nurnburg trials and so on. (Note the word "trials" here)
I don't think I've ever heard that the Nazi prisoners where drugged, abused or otherwice tortured or mistreated and humiliated. Feel free to enlighten me on this.

@_date: 2003-12-19 18:50:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Ken, Eh what?
Yes I've heard a lot of the Soviet union, however I don't see what you meant by that comment here.
What I was referring to was the winning powers' treatment of the Nazi war criminals after WWII, Nurnburg trials and so on. (Note the word "trials" here)
I don't think I've ever heard that the Nazi prisoners where drugged, abused or otherwice tortured or mistreated and humiliated. Feel free to enlighten me on this.

@_date: 2003-12-19 10:00:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
After WWI the "winners" humiliated the loosers badly. This is one of the main reasons Hitler came to power and got support from the Germans for the aggressions that started the war. He managed to use these feelings of being treated as dogs and paying to heavy for the first war. Also they were very humiliated by the fact that France then occupied part of western Germany.
After WWII the "winners" had learned their lesson from WWI pretty well. Now they did not humilate the people of Germany like after the first war. We got the Marshal plan and so on.
Let's face it: not even the Nazi war criminals were treated in the way Saddam has been treated.
Is this something U.S. should feel comfortable with then? Some people on this list seem to have these disturbing thoughts.
It will backfire sooner or later I'm afraid. And then it may be our kids who pay the price.

@_date: 2003-12-19 10:00:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
After WWI the "winners" humiliated the loosers badly. This is one of the main reasons Hitler came to power and got support from the Germans for the aggressions that started the war. He managed to use these feelings of being treated as dogs and paying to heavy for the first war. Also they were very humiliated by the fact that France then occupied part of western Germany.
After WWII the "winners" had learned their lesson from WWI pretty well. Now they did not humilate the people of Germany like after the first war. We got the Marshal plan and so on.
Let's face it: not even the Nazi war criminals were treated in the way Saddam has been treated.
Is this something U.S. should feel comfortable with then? Some people on this list seem to have these disturbing thoughts.
It will backfire sooner or later I'm afraid. And then it may be our kids who pay the price.

@_date: 2003-12-17 08:00:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Tim, sorry it was unclear from my post whom I was referring to. It was "James A. Donald". I did put his message id in a reply-to header.
No what I meant was what IF somehow Bush or Blaire or some other high ranking coalition politician were captured by Iraq during the war and was treated in the same way. I can only presume you would support Saddam's soldiers checking Bush for lice then. You are also utterly missing the point and you are one pretty good example of how "the mob" are thinking. EVERYONE, including Saddam, Pol Pot or whattever should be treated in accordance with the laws by us who call ourselves the free democratic part of the world. Then they shall stand trial. A fair trial and being represented by lawyers.
What would be more satisfying for the critics of U.S. than to see U.S. not being able to get its act together and instead conducting itself in a manner inconsistent with international law during this rather criticl phase of the Iraqi campaign. Mark my words, U.S. will be in regret later.
Jim Dixon, you also wrote some half trouths on the subject of Palestinians and the support they received.
You should read up on this subject. Saddam also has a history of building up edicational institutions and so on. He recived awards by U.N. earlier on for his wellfare programs and the development Iraq was gaining. Anyone can check this up, just call U.N. in NY and you'll receive a few references I'm sure. What I mean by this is not to defend him in any way but I feel that this rewriting of history and propaganda is serving noone in the long run. If you believe that 100% of the arab world in their harts and minds hate Saddam you're wring. Very wrong.
Steve Schear: thanks for your interesting post! Some people need to learn more of that.
I also noticed on the news that CIA was conducting the questioning of Saddam. (Did anyone expect anything else?!) I guess this also means that U.S. now will join all dicatators and awful beasts in performing various forms of abuse and torture on him. Iraq formally removed the death penalty just a few weeks ago. Regardless of what you feel about that in general, I think it's embarrasing once again to see U.S. almost "lobbying" against the Iraqis to have them not honouring their own laws to satisfy Bush on this specific issue! Remember there's only one reason for Bush wanting to see Saddam dead and that he does. And that is the fact that "Saddam tried to kill my papa" as Bush put it, I've seen it in interviews myself.
Jim Dixon, going through your post again I see yet another half trough, you write
And you seem to forget that U.S. was in bed with Saddam during the Iran-Iraq war era and that there was a friendly tone then. U.S. officials met with Iraqi, I think that Tareq Azis met with Reagan even? Your whole post is based on the feeling that we're gonna do what they did to us. In doing so you have manifested what has been written here about "gasing into the abyss" and so on. You have become what you hunt. Be ware.
It is my opinion that we shall distinguish ourselves from these bastards by not committing their deeds ourselves. You seem not to agree on that. And that is a major mistake.

@_date: 2003-12-17 08:00:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Tim, sorry it was unclear from my post whom I was referring to. It was "James A. Donald". I did put his message id in a reply-to header.
No what I meant was what IF somehow Bush or Blaire or some other high ranking coalition politician were captured by Iraq during the war and was treated in the same way. I can only presume you would support Saddam's soldiers checking Bush for lice then. You are also utterly missing the point and you are one pretty good example of how "the mob" are thinking. EVERYONE, including Saddam, Pol Pot or whattever should be treated in accordance with the laws by us who call ourselves the free democratic part of the world. Then they shall stand trial. A fair trial and being represented by lawyers.
What would be more satisfying for the critics of U.S. than to see U.S. not being able to get its act together and instead conducting itself in a manner inconsistent with international law during this rather criticl phase of the Iraqi campaign. Mark my words, U.S. will be in regret later.
Jim Dixon, you also wrote some half trouths on the subject of Palestinians and the support they received.
You should read up on this subject. Saddam also has a history of building up edicational institutions and so on. He recived awards by U.N. earlier on for his wellfare programs and the development Iraq was gaining. Anyone can check this up, just call U.N. in NY and you'll receive a few references I'm sure. What I mean by this is not to defend him in any way but I feel that this rewriting of history and propaganda is serving noone in the long run. If you believe that 100% of the arab world in their harts and minds hate Saddam you're wring. Very wrong.
Steve Schear: thanks for your interesting post! Some people need to learn more of that.
I also noticed on the news that CIA was conducting the questioning of Saddam. (Did anyone expect anything else?!) I guess this also means that U.S. now will join all dicatators and awful beasts in performing various forms of abuse and torture on him. Iraq formally removed the death penalty just a few weeks ago. Regardless of what you feel about that in general, I think it's embarrasing once again to see U.S. almost "lobbying" against the Iraqis to have them not honouring their own laws to satisfy Bush on this specific issue! Remember there's only one reason for Bush wanting to see Saddam dead and that he does. And that is the fact that "Saddam tried to kill my papa" as Bush put it, I've seen it in interviews myself.
Jim Dixon, going through your post again I see yet another half trough, you write
And you seem to forget that U.S. was in bed with Saddam during the Iran-Iraq war era and that there was a friendly tone then. U.S. officials met with Iraqi, I think that Tareq Azis met with Reagan even? Your whole post is based on the feeling that we're gonna do what they did to us. In doing so you have manifested what has been written here about "gasing into the abyss" and so on. You have become what you hunt. Be ware.
It is my opinion that we shall distinguish ourselves from these bastards by not committing their deeds ourselves. You seem not to agree on that. And that is a major mistake.

@_date: 2003-12-16 11:30:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Remailers and TLAs 
Even though I agree this issue is important I wouldn't be surprised if NONE were run by TLAs today and NONE has ever been run by TLAs. We will never get any such answer and therefore these speculations will continue. Personally I think it sounds really stupid when I read comments like "you can only trust remailers from pre 9/11" (these kinds of silly/stupid/dumb-paranoid comments are often seen on A.P.A-S). The reason being really that I think they are too stupid and perhaps doesn't really understand what good it would do them to actually operate a few. I may be wrong I guess. When thinking of these things I also remeber having read several comments by remops that actually have been visited by police. Both in U.S. and abroad. The feeling I got from reading their comments is that the police (in case of U.S. I think it was FBI who was inviolved) actually didn't even know what a remailer was. If (and this is a bif "if") that is true in general amongst FBI agents I don't think th
 ere's a major risk of beeing flooded by TLA operated remailers any time soon. But who knows.

@_date: 2003-12-16 21:50:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violaton of Geneva convention? 
This makes me a bit curious. Tell me, is your opinion then that the U.S. has done nothing questionable here? You don't feel that treating a former head of state (regardless of what you happen to think of that person) in this manner and videorecording it AND transmitting it to the entire globe violates the spirit of the convention? You feel this was the right thing to do? You would have no problem seing a U.S. or European leader being treated the same way? I think we do have to take into consideration too that a lot of people (I'm not saying it's the majority or anything but still a lot of people) in some arab countries like Jordan, Egypt, Syria and Saudi Arabia do have some sympathy with Saddam. This has nothing to do with supporting his crimes like the chemical warfare but more general the fact that he was a leader in the region who stood up against U.S. and Israel. Also the Palestinians received a lot of finansial help from Saddam.
I don't know, but I have this feeling that just maybe this wasn't the most appropriate way to behave all things considered. This is a tense and volatile region as it is. I think we all should exercise caution and careful considerations and try to not humiliate the pride of the people in this region. Remember that in many cases this is almost all they have left.
Just my 2c.

@_date: 2003-12-16 21:50:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violaton of Geneva convention? 
This makes me a bit curious. Tell me, is your opinion then that the U.S. has done nothing questionable here? You don't feel that treating a former head of state (regardless of what you happen to think of that person) in this manner and videorecording it AND transmitting it to the entire globe violates the spirit of the convention? You feel this was the right thing to do? You would have no problem seing a U.S. or European leader being treated the same way? I think we do have to take into consideration too that a lot of people (I'm not saying it's the majority or anything but still a lot of people) in some arab countries like Jordan, Egypt, Syria and Saudi Arabia do have some sympathy with Saddam. This has nothing to do with supporting his crimes like the chemical warfare but more general the fact that he was a leader in the region who stood up against U.S. and Israel. Also the Palestinians received a lot of finansial help from Saddam.
I don't know, but I have this feeling that just maybe this wasn't the most appropriate way to behave all things considered. This is a tense and volatile region as it is. I think we all should exercise caution and careful considerations and try to not humiliate the pride of the people in this region. Remember that in many cases this is almost all they have left.
Just my 2c.

@_date: 2003-12-19 20:20:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: President of Flies 
US is currently run by thugs supported by the cheering consumer crowds that have been bred and conditioned to be infantile.
So the situation is best evaluated in the "Lord of Flies" context. As long as masters are winning and have stronger army than anyone else, nothing will change. You will notice that they never engage army unless they have several orders of magnitude strength advantage.
Which means that only small countries are in danger.
There are two consequences of this:
(a) there is no likely grouping of bigger entities to strike back - and that is the only response that will change US behavior. Until US is beaten and have suffered occupation and complete military defeat nothing much will change. This will eventually happen as history demonstrates that empires are not capable of sustained supremacy (due to the negative selection within among other factors - incidentally, the brain drain in the last 3-4 years have changed direction - this is the most significant metric.) But not any time soon.
(b) smaller countries will strive to arm themselves with effective weaponry. The window for this is closing and in few years there will be two clearly defined clubs: untouchables and fair game. It looks that most of the arab world is heading for the fair game status and they are understandably unhappy with it.
The main question is - will the income from newly and soon to be acquired colonies be sufficient to prevent confrontation between US and the rest of developed and armed world?

@_date: 2003-12-19 20:20:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: President of Flies 
US is currently run by thugs supported by the cheering consumer crowds that have been bred and conditioned to be infantile.
So the situation is best evaluated in the "Lord of Flies" context. As long as masters are winning and have stronger army than anyone else, nothing will change. You will notice that they never engage army unless they have several orders of magnitude strength advantage.
Which means that only small countries are in danger.
There are two consequences of this:
(a) there is no likely grouping of bigger entities to strike back - and that is the only response that will change US behavior. Until US is beaten and have suffered occupation and complete military defeat nothing much will change. This will eventually happen as history demonstrates that empires are not capable of sustained supremacy (due to the negative selection within among other factors - incidentally, the brain drain in the last 3-4 years have changed direction - this is the most significant metric.) But not any time soon.
(b) smaller countries will strive to arm themselves with effective weaponry. The window for this is closing and in few years there will be two clearly defined clubs: untouchables and fair game. It looks that most of the arab world is heading for the fair game status and they are understandably unhappy with it.
The main question is - will the income from newly and soon to be acquired colonies be sufficient to prevent confrontation between US and the rest of developed and armed world?

@_date: 2003-12-20 11:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: "the Kuwait issue is not associated with America" 
Thanks Steve, I don't think I have heard this before. I googled on the text you quoted and found this url
and a few more
I don't know what to say. This makes me sick to my stomach.
I guess one way of lookin at this is that U.S. played dirty and deceiving.
U.S. is more or less the reason Iraq invaded Kuwait.
I guess this is not told on Fox news.

@_date: 2003-12-20 11:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: "the Kuwait issue is not associated with America" 
Thanks Steve, I don't think I have heard this before. I googled on the text you quoted and found this url
and a few more
I don't know what to say. This makes me sick to my stomach.
I guess one way of lookin at this is that U.S. played dirty and deceiving.
U.S. is more or less the reason Iraq invaded Kuwait.
I guess this is not told on Fox news.

@_date: 2004-03-01 23:10:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Gentlemen reading mail part II (opsec review) 
Justin says:
  That's when you strap on the C-4 vest.
Zombie Monger

@_date: 2004-04-02 05:20:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, and     	 kittens 
Does she have a chip implant?
I've already eaten
Ask her to shower first
Get a new girlfriend

@_date: 2004-08-29 10:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: EFGA? 
What happened to Electronic Frontiers Georgia (efga.org)? Are they
gone for good? They did operate the cracker remailer did they not?
And they did have a newsletter on privacy issues? Anyone knows?

@_date: 2004-08-28 10:10:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR nodes listing 
Can someone post a listing of all active CDR nodes please?
Information from pages like this one lists some inactive nodes I'm

@_date: 2004-08-09 15:40:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Michael Moore in Cambridge (download speech) 
Very interesting speech by Michael Moore in Cambridge July 27, 10 MB
The file will be available for download a short period of time.
Michael shows us what the upcoming election is all about.

@_date: 2004-08-27 14:20:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: the minder node... 
Tyler Durden said:
I'm pretty sure you are not the only one there. I'm seing these in my
mail so I guess I'm on minder too? And I do get mail.

@_date: 2004-08-29 09:30:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: JYA in NYT 
August 29, 2004
Mapping Natural Gas Lines: Advise the Public, Tip Off the Terrorists
By IAN URBINA
John Young says he is an agent for change, hoping to point out places
where the government needs to bolster national security. Since 1996,
he has been posting documents on his Web site, ranging from detailed
maps of nuclear storage facilities in New Mexico to aerial
photographs of police preparations for the Republican National
Convention. He has never attracted much attention from the
authorities, and what he does is fully legal.
But last month, Mr. Young, a 68-year-old architect originally from
Odessa, Tex., began publishing maps and pictures of natural gas
pipelines in New York City on his site ( One
photograph was of a large sign in Midtown Manhattan warning about the
presence of a major gas main, a sign that had been meant to prevent
deadly accidents. Within a week, the company that owns the pipeline
took the sign down.
"They posted the signs because they thought someone might
accidentally blow the pipeline up,'' Mr. Young said. "Now, they're
taking them down because they think someone might intentionally blow
it up.''
For Mr. Young - and for a range of experts across the country - the
strange and unnoticed little episode in Manhattan underscores one of
the great tensions of the post-9/11 world: how to balance the desire
for secrecy with decisions on what is best for public safety.
Few issues highlight that tension better than the topic of natural
Private industry and local governments have spent much of the last
several decades trying to make natural gas pipelines safer by
publicizing where they are. Natural gas, highly explosive and
transported in pipes underneath unknowing residents or uncharted
along waterways, has been the cause of scores of lethal accidents -
fiery explosions caused by misdirected backhoes or wayward boat
But recent concerns have pushed in the opposite direction.
Increasingly, gas companies have been clearing their Web sites of
pipeline maps previously used by contractors before excavating.
Almost all nautical charts once indicated where gas pipes run. Fewer
do now.
"Federal regulations require companies to make these lines as obvious
as possible and educate the public about where they are,'' said Kelly
Swan, a spokesman for Williams, the company that owns the pipe
supplying Manhattan. "But local laws indicate that we were allowed to
get rid of that particular sign, and after the recent publicity about
it, we did.''
Edward M. Stroz, a retired F.B.I. agent who runs his own consulting
firm on security issues, said many infrastructure companies found
themselves caught between old risks and new threats.
"The challenge is to make this infrastructure not so obvious that
it's almost inviting to terrorists,'' he said, "while also not
pulling so much information out of public reach that accidents
Natural gas arrives in New York City through six so-called city
gates, reached after traveling thousands of miles in pipes running
from deposits deep beneath southeastern Texas and Sable Island, off
the east coast of Nova Scotia. Here it enters a local grid of smaller
pipes owned by Consolidated Edison in Manhattan, the Bronx and
portions of Queens, and owned by Keyspan in the rest of the city. The
gas is used for heating, cooking, and increasingly for fuel in city
power plants.
But natural gas is also at risk of sabotage.
"This tactic actually comes from our own playbook,'' said Thomas C.
Reed, the former secretary of the Air Force under President Gerald R.
Ford and the author of "At the Abyss: An Insider's History of the
Cold War.'' In 1982, the C.I.A. hacked into the software that
controlled Soviet natural gas pipelines, causing vital pumps,
turbines and valves to go haywire, he explained. The result, Mr. Reed
said, was the largest nonnuclear explosion and fire ever seen from
space and a major blow to Soviet sales of natural gas to Western
"The tactic was a stroke of genius,'' he said.
Jose Padilla, the former Chicago gang member who grew up in Brooklyn,
and who was accused of becoming an operative for Al Qaeda, intended
to use natural gas to blow up three tall buildings, the authorities
say. According to government documents, Mr. Padilla intended to rent
apartments in three high-rise buildings that used natural gas, fill
each apartment with fumes and detonate the three buildings
simultaneously using timers.
Security experts have repeatedly pointed to the natural gas pipeline
system as a dangerous Achilles' heel in the domestic infrastructure.
A report by the Council on Foreign Relations in 2002 said that city
gates and compressor stations, which keep the gas moving through the
pipelines, were most vulnerable. These critical nodes, the report
explained, are usually above ground and sometimes protected only by
chain-link fences and padlocks. If even one or two of these locations
were disabled in any major city, the report said, it could result in
a wide blackout since most new turbines being brought online in major
cities are powered by natural gas.
A 2002 report conducted by the National Academy of Sciences drew the
same conclusion, explaining that restoring power after an attack on
the natural gas system could take several weeks since spare parts for
many of the mechanisms, especially those at compressor stations, are
expensive, hard to find and often made only overseas. The report also
predicted logistical challenges: every nonelectronic pilot light in
the city would have to be manually relighted to avoid explosions.
"We take security of natural gas very seriously,'' a Con Ed
spokesman, Joe Petta, said. Since the Sept. 11 attacks, Con Ed has
added fencing, cameras, and patrols around gas pipeline facilities,
he said. The utility has also begun inspecting pipeline valves
monthly, and four times a year it tests responses to city gate
failures, he said.
"None of that will help,'' said Mr. Young, standing about 30 feet and
a chain-link fence from one of the four central pipes that feed
natural gas to Manhattan. Even if certain facilities were patrolled
around the clock, he said, and most are not, the rest of the system
is still exposed.
"The fact that pipelines run largely underground reduces their
exposure to external threats,'' said a study concerning
infrastructure safety conducted by the Congressional Research Service
in 2002. But required markings alert emergency workers, homeowners
and terrorists to the location of pipelines.
This is today's central conundrum, Mr. Young said, adding that he
will continue posting on his Web site the results of his daily prowls
searching for weak spots. In the meantime, he added, "I imagine law
enforcement will probably be keeping an eye on me.''
In fact, Mr. Young got his first visit from F.B.I. agents several
weeks ago. But the issue was not all the nuclear reactor information
he has put in the public domain. Rather, they wanted to talk about
the natural gas pipeline maps, he said.
Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

@_date: 2004-10-11 08:50:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Money Laundering for the Nazis by President Bush's family 
The subject says it all. Read more here:
We must retire this criminal from office now!
Link to the full 89 MB pdf below
(Concat above rows to one URL)

@_date: 2004-10-07 06:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Implant replaces ID cards for access to restricted areas. 
Mexican Attorney General, Staff Get Chip Implants
Implant replaces ID cards for access to restricted areas.
The Attorney General of Mexico, Rafael Macedo de la Concha, recently announced at the opening of Mexico's National Information Center that
and some of his staff had been implanted with VeriChips to replace
ID tags for access to restricted areas, and to access the country's
crime

@_date: 2004-10-13 08:30:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Poor privacy protection in the states 
Why don't Americans honour security and privacy higher?
Look at this page
Which is from a police department!
If we look at the spirit of this quote I don't see how it is ok to
behave in this abusive manner by the authorities.
"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
papers and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall
not be violated..." (from the fourth amendment, US constitution)
It is one thing if we're talking about very dangerous individuals who
are being sought after by the police and who the public needs to be
aware of but here we have a completely different situation.
Why is the integrity and security of the simple man on the street not
honoured in the US society today? It's a big difference between the
protection of personal privacy in Europe and in the US and all
Americans should really ask themselves why this has to be.

@_date: 2004-11-19 10:40:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Why Americans Hate Dissenters 
John Young:
Hi John
Thanks for the info! Several times in the past I've seen concrete
relevant questions asked on the list without anyone taking their time
to answer them. The stories of these cypherpunks are indeed
interesting and relevant for the list.
I guess the story of Jim and CJ is the reason why one of the
cypherpunks nodes used to have this text on the page:
"It is known this list is under surveillence by US and foreign law
enforcement and intelligence agencies, consider using anonymous
remailers and cryptography"

@_date: 2004-11-04 13:40:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: This Memorable Day 
Hash: SHA1
R.A. Hettinga:
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
    You too. Sad it is.
    Howcome the Americans became so egocentrical and cynical that
anyone who dares to speak up and support compassion for his fellow
man automatically is a communist?
    It's a sincere question, no doubt in my mind that we won't get a
sincere answer though.
    Reading your email actually reminds me of those of Tim May, he
also seemed to be full of bigotry and hatred and deeply disliked
anyone who were unfortunate enough to be poor.
    No I don't shit into a hole, but I can still try to be unbiased
and extend a though or two to other people who are not so fortunate
as we are to be born in the rich part of the world.
    To me it's enough to at least try to understand and try live by
the spirit of the Bible.
    It's also quite ironical that all those right wing voters
actually read communist propaganda in church, since that is the
logical conclusion of your arguments made here.
    You like quotes, ok here I have a small collection for you, maybe
one or two of them qualifies as white oppressors too, I don't know.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups,
parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
An honest man can feel no pleasure in the exercise of power over his fellow citizens.
(Thomas Jefferson)
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be
depended upon to meet any national crises. The great point is to
bring them the real facts.  (Abraham Lincoln)
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless
they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.  What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans and the
homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of
totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty or democracy?  (Mahatma Gandhi)
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
(Martin Luther King)
    In my calendar it's November already, I don't know about yours.
Johnny Doelittle

@_date: 2004-11-04 12:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: This Memorable Day 
Hash: SHA1
James A. Donald:
    This was quite lame and doesn't really deserve a response.     To label any argument that points out the obvious circumstance
that injustice feeds hatred as communist propaganda, is really only
ridiculous, even if it's also dangerously incompetent and as such no
real laughing matter.
    Why do you mention Bin Laden anyway? There are thousands of
bigger and smaller groups around the world (they exists in every
country more or less) that we'd label as terrorists in the western
part of the world. You think every one of these hundreds of thousands
or perhaps millions of recruits and followers are millionaires?
Fantastically lame comment to a real and important issue.
    Should we take you seriously when you write these childish rants?
    I don't know what to fear the most, the dangerous ignorance of
those of your kind or what dictatorial rulers may accomplish using
your ignorant kind as followers who do not question the truths from
the authorities. Hitler did it in the 30's election where some 37%
voted for the nazis, in a democratic multi-party election I might
add. Some of the ingrediences present then in Hitler's rhetoric are
also present today in Bush's rhetoric, even though I don't mean to
make the comparison .
    We just cannot afford to be this naive.
    I can't help thinking about the fact that we usually portray
Americans as a religious and church going people. Perhaps some 25%
attend church on a somewhat regular basis. To make matters worse
those people seem to vote for Bush(?). One can't help wonder if
they're literate and if they actually read the bible and it's message
of love, understanding, forgiveness and compassion for their fellow
    May god bless the world, we may need it.
Johnny Doelittle
Men willingly believe what they wish.
(Julius Caesar)
There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity.
(von Goethe)

@_date: 2004-11-03 11:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: This Memorable Day 
Hash: SHA1
R.A. Hettinga:
    Nonsense! Are you in junior high?
    This post gave me a big laugh. So naive. There are a few basic
forces feeding extremism and terrorism around the world and those are
inequalities and injustice anywhere. As long as the most powerful
nations of the world continues to exploit the earth's resources
without taking appropriate considerations to other nations the wrath
and dismay of people elsewhere will always persist. Not understanding
this or simply neglecting it will further add to the negative
feelings and opinions and fuel extremism.
    The only way to move towards a more friendly world is to make
people feel they are able to share the wealth and prosperity of the
world. As long as there is one single person anywhere in the world
hungering to death there is still a basis for fundamentalism and all
the problem that leads to.
    Continuing being arrogant and policing the world without
listening to the oppressed people in the middle east and elsewhere
will never ever eradicate terrorism. You may may or may not be able
to reasonable confidently hinder most terror deeds (but only after
having turned also the western civilization into police states) but
you cannot stop the oppressed man from growing the hatred i his mind.
    If you do not understand this you are not only unintelligent
IMNSHO but also part of the problem itself.
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
 (Malcolm X)
Johnny Doelittle

@_date: 2004-11-06 12:40:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Why Americans Hate Democrats-A Dialogue 
John Young:
"CJ" is "CJ Parker", who posted a few emails to this list back in
early 2003? I guess I haven't been around long enough to know all
famous cpunks who have been posting to the list. Maybe someone could
tell in short who those were, I guess there are one or two on the
list who weren't around and would appreciate the stories.
I think I remember having read about Bell, something about him having
threatened FBI agents or something?
Does Jim Bell post emails somewhere today?

@_date: 2004-11-08 08:50:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: The Values-Vote Myth 
J.A. Terranson schrieb:
Wow! A Tim May copycat!
(Both the 'useless eaters' and the 'chimney'!)

@_date: 2004-12-10 19:20:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks archives online 
There were some talk about archives here recently.
I found two here:
And this does indeed seem to be an active archive of the list:

@_date: 2004-12-08 18:50:50
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: loosing mail.. 
I seem to have not received a few of the emails in the PROMIS thread.
What is the best approach if one really wants to receive all emails?
I'm currently only on minder and it seems from time to time mail
doesn't get through?
Should one simply subscribe to several nodes (and receive some
redundant traffic)?
I sent test messages (help command) to several of the listed mail
servers a whort while back but only these responded:
 majordomo
 majordomo
 majordomo
I did not receive an answer at all from minder even though I'm
receiving my list mail through minder, so it cannot be all dead.
Is there (still) an online archive somewhere being saved of the
cypherpunks messages?

@_date: 2004-12-01 18:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Swedish military feared linked to Estonia ferry disaster 
Hash: SHA1
For those interested in intelligence, munitions smuggling by
authorities and so on - a few words concerning military smuggling of
munitions on the Estonia, feared to have played a part in the sinking
and killings of 852 people on Sept 28, 1994, when the ferry M/S
Estonia sinked during a journey from Estonia to Sweden. It has been
rumoured for a long time that there were some kind of smuggling of
sensitive material taking place on Estonia and that Russian
authorities did not like this, needless to say. The very stressed and
hasty investigation performed by the involved nations also raised
suspicions amongst a lot of people. On top of all this the Swedish
social democratic government did all they could to hinder future
investigations of the wreckage by trying to cover it with stones and
First some other related info.
The reader should know that the Swedish social democratic party is
notorious for acting in undemocratic and deceitful manners against
the Swedish people. Two of the most infamous affairs being the "IB
affair" and the "Catalina affair".
In the IB affair it was shown that the social democratic party had
founded a secret and unlawful military intelligence bureau as the
party's own private spy organization to spy on other politcal
adversaries, a Swedish version of Watergate if you will, but it went
far beyond that. Hundreds of thousands of people were targeted during
a number of years. Even Olof Palme himself knew about break-ins that
the intelligence officers performed in other countries embassies in
Stockholm, one of them was Egypt's embassy. One major characteristic
is that the Swedish way of doing things means sweeping things under
the carpet and not letting the public know the truths, this is shown
in every "affair" known in resent years, including the Estonia
disaster. In all of these affairs it's the social democrats that has
been the most responsible party and the party almost in constant
power in Sweden historically speaking.
The magazine breaking the news in 1973 today has a web site about the
affair, In the Catalina affair it was very recently shown actually, after the
planes was discovered east of the island Gotland in the Baltic Sea,
that they were both indeed gunned down, as had been suspected for
decades. On June 13 1952 the DC3 plane Hugin disappeared and the only
thing found was a trashed rescue raft. Three days later the rescure
plane of type "Catalina" was also gunned down and forced to emergency
landing. It's today also known however that the Swedish (social
democratic) governments have all been maliciously and intentionally
lying all along about the Hugin's purpose to both the Swedish people
as well as the families.
Hugin was in fact gathering intelligence very close (some say on the
wrong side even) of the Russian border and was relaying all this
signal intelligence directly to the Americans. USA was amongst other
things interested in Russias capacity to fight the B-47. This was
well known for the Russians and this was the direct cause of the
attacks in 1952. It is believed that the Swedish FRA, standing for
"Frsvarets RadioAnstalt", translating to "The Defence's Radio
Institution", which is Swedens NSA, signed secret treaties with the
US some three years prior to the assult on these planes. The FRA had
5 employees on the Hugin when it was gunned down. It wasn't until
1991 that the families knew what happened, that was when the Russians
admitted a Mig-15 gunned them down.
When the recon plane was found in June 2004 it was situated far east
of the earlier officially declared crash site which further fules the
speculation that Hugin was indeed flying where it shouldn't have
been, conducting its sigint operations and that the Swedish
governments knew this all along. The Hugin was found June 10, 2003.
I'm not sure how much of these affairs is known outside Sweden, but
it's interesting read that's for sure and I just may get back to
these things and others like them later on.
Back to other things now.
This was published today in Sweden, along with a tv show of one hour:
Which translates into something like this:
DOMESTIC Published November 30
"War material was freighted on the Estonia"
The weeks before the sinking the Estonia had at least at two
different occasions war material in its cargo. According to tonight's
Uppdrag Granskning(*) in the Swedish state television the equipment
was russian electronics that the Swedish military brought in for
Lars Borgns who did the show says that the revelations shows how the
authorities have handled the situation. - One example is the failure
to examine the car deck, he says to SVT.
The retired former head of customs at the port of Stockholm Lennart
Henriksson says he was given direct orders to let the cars through
and that the order came from the military.
(*) The name of the tv show sent on Nov 30, featuring Wallraff styled
recordings of swedish officials verifying the smuggling of war
material on the direct order from the swedish military commander in
chief Owe Viktorin. It was showed in the show that Owe Viktorin
personally asked the chief of the swedish customs to order their
workers to let specific cars through customs without questions. And
so they did.
The "KSI" mentioned below is perhaps the most secret Swedish military
intelligence organization (we know of) today. The abbreviation stands
for "Kontoret fr Srskild Inhmtning", which translated into
something like "The office for special intelligence gatherings". They
are known to conduct regular espionage operations on foreign soil and
have been deeply involved in the smuggling of intelligence and the
recruiting of spies on the ground from Russia for quite some time.
They are more or less "not existing", you cannot phone MUST and ask
for KSI or someone you know working at KSI, they will not acknowledge
anything or anyone, although KSI is known to exist and is also
mentioned (briefly) in some official documents.
KSI is part of MUST, which stands for "Militra Underttelse och
Skerhetstjnsten", translating to "The military intelligence and
security service" and is the Swedish version of CIA so essentially
KSI is like a bureau within CIA with some black bag types of jobs in
their resume as well.
MUST, FRA, MUST's annual report 2003
MUST's annual report 2002
SVT Program homepage
This is an english text present at the svt.se site.

@_date: 2004-12-01 18:30:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Jewish wholy words.. 
Is it true that the jews have these texts in their scriptures?
 Sanhedrin 59a:
"Murdering Goyim (Gentiles) is like killing a wild animal."
 Aboda Sarah 37a:
"A Gentile girl who is three years old can be violated."
 Yebamoth 11b:
"Sexual intercourse with a little girl is permitted if she is three
years of age."
 Abodah Zara 26b:
"Even the best of the Gentiles should be killed."
 Yebamoth 98a:
"All gentile children are animals."
 Schulchan Aruch, Johre Deah, 122:
"A Jew is forbidden to drink from a glass of wine which a Gentile has
touched, because the touch has made the wine unclean."
 Baba Necia 114, 6:
"The Jews are human beings, but the nations of the world are not
human beings but beasts."

@_date: 2004-12-07 09:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
Steve Furlong:
You can say that again. Here are a few examples of what this once
renowned cypherpunk usually writes nowadays.
First five quick quotes from Tim May, more further down.
Q: What do you call the death of a billion people from AIDS?
A: A good start.
Negroes in Africa believe that having sex with women and children
expells the virus from their body. (No, I did not just make this up.
Read the interviews with aid (no pun intended) workers.)
Basically, between AIDS, cannibalism, butchering of other tribes, bad
economic practices, corrupt liberal governments, the Dark Continent
burning off its negroes. The non-negro areas, in the extreme south
extreme north, are doing OK.
In 30 years the negro regions will have been cleansed, naturally, and
whites can colonize and make the entire continent prosperous.
--Tim May
Bush finally has admittted to "mistakes" in the planning of the war.
And now the search is on for which Jewish spy for ZOG bore the most
It's been clear for more than 16 months that ZOG viewed the war with
Iraq with delight, a chance to bloody one of their enemies without
themselves having to go to war. Feeding the DOD false information was
part of this disinformation campaign. And as the war with Iraq was
to be winding down (though it has not, of course, as freedom fighters
in Iraq continue to kill Americans working for the ZOG state), the
Zionist Entity floated stories that _Syria_ was the _REAL_ enemy, or
maybe _Iran_, as the Ultimate Enemy.
We need to cut off funds to the ZOG state and let three million
figure out how to swim the Mediterranean, REAL FAST. The burn-off of
million ZOGsters would be glorious to behold.
The implicated ZOG spies should be given fair trials, and, if found
guilty, executed. None of the "kid glove treatment" that the ZOG spy
Pollard has been receiving.
Then we need to look very seriously at the Jews in our own midst.
are not ZOGster, just Jews who fled oppressive regimes (which many of
their fellow Jews helped create, by the way, as the history of Lenin
and Marx and the early Jewish role in the formation of the Soviet
shows). But the many ZOGsters now feeding information to the ZOG
need to be rounded up, given fair trials, and liquidated. Entire
departments in the Pentagon will be decimated when this happens. Good
As for the war in Iraq, we need to withdraw immediately, in 30 days.
This was ZOG's war, not ours. Let Ari Fleischer and Dov Zackheim and
Paul Wolfowith and Doug Feight become soldiers in the ZOG Army if
wish, and if they are not hung as spies, but get these united states
out of the business of fighting ZOG's wars.
--Tim May
You'll get the Trifecta with John Kerry: a Communist, a Jew (recently
acknowledged), and a Papist.  Me, I'd rather we find the ZOG-employed traitors in the Pentagon, try
them, hang them, and then pull out of all such "foreign adventures"
"entanglements," which our first and most honest President warned us
Let the Shiites and Sunnis fight it out in Iraq, let three million
invaders swim for their lives, and let the entire Dark Continent deal
with its own savagery, AIDS, cannibalism, killings of Hutus, killings
of Tutsis, HIV, malaria, child rape, and voodoo in its own way. In 30
years the Dark Continent should be ready for white people, the last
in the ZOG state will have been nailed to a cross, and the world can
get on with things without U.S. Big Brother interference.
--Tim May
I "retired" more than 18 years ago, in 1986.
Near the beach, too. However, I don't believe active minds actually "retire." Rather, they
do what is important to them, whether or not K-Mart or Lockheed or
Apple or Intel is employing them.
Me, I spend my years devoloping tools to fight the Zionist Entity,
including the popular anonymous remailers and steganography to allow
freedom fighters to fight Amerika and ZOG without detection,  to send
the last evil Jew to the ovens.
And category theory, topos theory, Haskell, functional programmng,
crypto, so long as no Zionist criminals need to be dealt with.
--Tim May
Martian Luther King needed killing because he was just from fucking
(Had this Martian not called for redistributing income from niggers
white people, he might still be alive. As it was, "good riddance to
nigger trash." I cheered when this nigger was shot, in 1968, a very
good year.)
--Tim May
Of course not. In many cases the orders to evacuate are the orders
the niggers to move in and start looting.
My sister was "ordered" to leave her home when Hurricane Hugo was
approaching Charleston in '89. She ignored this unconstitional order.
Her house was saved against the nigra looter who swarmed out of the
ghettoes. Her neighbors who obeyed Big Brother got fucked royally,
exactly as the nigger and his government allies wanted.
Those who tell us to leave our homes have earned killing. You hear that, Jeb, you nigger-loving statist criminal?
--Tim May
None of my Macs were built by niggers.
--Tim May
It is time we recognize the nigger, the spic, the layabout, the
the skank, the gutter sweepings, for what he or she is: trash.
The niggers and spics and garbage who demand that our Jew senators
us to pay for their mistakes need killing. Our Jew politicians need
more than killing: they need their Jew spawn killed before their eyes
and then their Jew asses staked to the ground and left to slowly die.
Niggers in American ought to catch the next boat back to Sudan and
Zaire and Sierra Leone and Cannibaland, places where there whole
outlook is what they want, "respek, homes."
Fuck the nigger and his Jew lackey dead. --Tim May
As for you, you should be killed before the next new moon.
Good riiddance to nigger rubbish.
--Tim May
What was almost completed in the 1940s before the Jew Roosevelt
it, must be completed in the coming decades.
--Tim May
We need to find ways to help Al Qaeda nuke Washington, D.C. Killing a
quarter of a million government employee leeches and three quarters
a million negro welfare leeches sounds like a good deal.
Fuck them dead.
Allah Aqbar!
--Tim May
Anyone who thinks otherwise needs killing. Most Democrats and
Republicans need killing.
Fifty million niggers, Jews, Mexicans, and fellow travelers need
killing. Allah, we beseech thee: Kill the Sinful tens of millions.
--Tim May
We're talking about America and the U.S. Constitution, not something
called "The Geneva Convention" that Jews and niggers and commies in
Europe got passed.
--Tim May
We are taxed twice, thrice, even four times, for these facilities. We
are taxed at corporate rates, at individual rates, and then must pay
double or triple the actual rate to further subsidize these
No wonder the white person wants the brown person sent up the
along with their Jew facillitators.
--Tim May
I'm chortling. The burn-off of one hundred million useless eaters is
going to be glorious.
--Tim May

@_date: 2004-12-06 09:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
Bill Stewart shrieb:
Thanks for your comments.
But what about the person Michael Riconosciuto? I did some searches
online and I got the feeling that a lot people see him as an
extremely intelligent person, a one-in-a-million type of person,
being involved and on the front line with such diverse areas as human
intelligence, weapons, electronics, computers, cryptography,
bio-warfare etc.
It's stated online that he has warned US about several terrorist
attacks before they ocurred, including but not limited to the
al-qaeda attacks. Is this somewhat related to him being jailed? Can
he verify that US didn't act on alerts in ways so sensitive that the
government simply cannot afford to let him speak up? Does he know
things relating to US wanting some wars that the public simply cannot
be told?
I think I read somewhere that people from NSA or CIA thought of him
as simply put a genius. Is it likely that he as such a genius is
simply too dangerous for his own good when he decided to speak the
truth and that the government is actively trying to shut him down and
indirectly speed up his death by denying him medical care for his
Why did he come "clean" and sign the affidavit? He himself stated
that he though he risked being killed or harmed in various ways if he
went through with it. And indeed, just a week or two afterwards he
got arrested!
Smells like a government retaliation, set-up and cover-up if I ever
saw one!
This is almost to good for even Hollywood!
There are many interesting questions here. Keep in mind that not all
of us were around and active with intelligence/computers/cryptography
10-20 years ago.
John Young: Does Cryptome hold any interesting documents involving
this case?

@_date: 2004-12-05 17:20:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
I read a few old email messages I had and stumbled over some
interesting material relating to NSA, CIA and one Michael
Riconosciuto among other things.
I followed up on the info and did some surfing on the subject and got
quite interested. I also did some searches in my cypherpunk mail
folder and got no hits. Surely this must have been up in the list?
Can someone give me some links please? There were also some talk
about some PROMIS software somewhere and modifications being made to
illegally obtained copies of proprietary software. This software was
then sold by the US gov to be able to spy on Canadian authoritites.
Is this also true?
I found the below text saved here locally, if I'm correctly informed
Mr. Michael Riconosciuto went to jail for this affidavit. Can someone
verify if this really is true. (It sounds bizarre but maybe this can
happen in Amerika?)
I am told that Michael Riconosciuto has been diagnosed with prostate
cancer and many delays in diagnosis and treatment have occurred and
people say it's becaus the US gov wants him dead because he knows too
It's also rumoured that he never received a fair trial and that two
of his lawyers were murdered. Because the US government does not
admit anything about PROMIS he has been relegated as a nut and
serious efforts to isolate him have been going on for more than a
A friend of mine sent me this info on the case:
Can someone give me some more info on this?
Thank you AFFIDAVIT OF MICHAEL J. RICONOSCIUTO
  		The INSLAW CASE: AFFIDAVIT OF MICHAEL J. RICONOSCIUTO
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
In Re:
INSLAW, INC., Debtor.
CASE NO. 85-00070
(Chapter 11)
INSLAW, INC., Plaintiff
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA and the UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE,
CASE NO. 85-00070
Adversary Proceeding
NO. 86-0069
AFFIDAVIT OF MICHAEL J. RICONOSCIUTO
STATE OF WASHINGTON)                                   I, MICHAEL J. RICONOSCIUTO, being duly sworn, do hereby state as
1. During the early 1980's, I served as the Director of Research for
a joint venture between the Wackenhut Corporation of Coral Gables,
Florida, and the Cabazon Band of Indians in Indio, California. The
joint venture was located on the Cabazon reservation.
2. The Wackenhut-Cabazon joint venture sought to develop and/or
manufacture certain materials that are used in military and national
security operations, including night vision goggles, machine guns,
fuel-air explosives, and biological and chemical warfare weapons.
EXHIBIT 1
3. The Cabazon Band of Indians are a sovereign nation. The sovereign
immunity that is accorded the Cabazons as a consequence of this fact
made it feasible to pursue on the reservation the development and/or
manufacture of materials whose development or manufacture would be
subject to stringent controls off the reservation. As a minority
group, the Cabazon Indians also provided the Wackenhut Corporation
with an enhanced ability to obtain federal contracts through the 8A
Set Aside Program, and in connection with Government-owned
contractor-operated (GOCO) facilities.
4. The Wackenhut-Cabazon joint venture was intended to support the
needs of a number of foreign governments and forces, including forces
and governments in Central America and the Middle East. The Contras
in Nicaragua represented one of the most important priorities for the
joint venture.
5. The Wackenhut-Cabazon joint venture maintained close liaison with
certain elements of the United States Government, including
representatives of intelligence, military and law enforcement
6. Among the frequent visitors to the Wackenhut-Cabazon joint venture
were Peter Videnieks of the U.S. Department of Justice in Washington,
D.C., and a close associate of Videnieks by the name of Earl W.
Brian. Brian is a private businessman who lives in Maryland and who
has maintained close business ties with the U.S. intelligence
community for many years.
7. In connection with my work for Wackenhut, I engaged in some
software development and modification work in 1983 and 1984 on the
proprietary PROMIS computer software product. The copy of PROMIS on
which I worked came from the Department of Justice. Earl W. Brian
made it available to me through Wackenhut after acquiring it from
Peter Videnieks, who was then a Department of Justice contracting
official with responsibility for the PROMIS software. I performed the
modifications to PROMIS in Indio, California; Silver Spring,
Maryland; and Miami, Florida.
8. The purpose of the PROMIS software modifications that I made in
1983 and 1984 was to support a plan for the implementation of PROMIS
in law enforcement and intelligence agencies worldwide. Earl W. Brian
was spearheading the plan for this worldwide use of the PROMIS
computer software.
9. Some of the modifications that I made were specifically designed
to facilitate the implementation of PROMIS within two agencies of the Government of Canada: the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP)
and the Canadian Security and Intelligence Service (CSIS). Earl W.
Brian would check with me from time to time to make certain that the
work would be completed in time to satisfy the schedule for the RCMP
and CSIS implementations of PROMIS.
10. The proprietary versions of PROMIS, as modified by me, was, in
fact, implemented in both the RCMP and the CSIS in Canada. It was my
understanding that Earl W. Brian had sold this version of PROMIS to
the Government of Canada.
11. In February 1991, I had a telephone conversation with Peter
Videnieks, then still employed by the U.S. Department of Justice.
Videnieks attempted during this telephone conversation to persuade me
not to cooperate with an independent investigation of the
government's piracy of INSLAW's proprietary PROMIS software being
conducted by the Committee on the Judiciary of the U.S. House of
12. Videnieks stated that I would be rewarded for a decision not to
cooperate with the House Judiciary Committee investigation. Videnieks
forecasted an immediate and favorable resolution of a protracted
child custody dispute being prosecuted against my wife by her former
husband, if I were to decide not to cooperate with the House
Judiciary Committee investigation.
13. Videnieks also outlined specific punishments that I could expect
to receive from the U.S. Department of Justice if I cooperate with
the House Judiciary Committee's investigation.
14. One punishment that Videnieks outlined was the future inclusion
of me and my father in a criminal prosecution of certain business
associates of mine in Orange County, California, in connection with
the operation of a savings and loan institution in Orange County. By
way of underscoring his power to influence such decisions at the U.S.
Department of Justice, Videnieks informed me of the indictment of
these business associates prior to the time when that  indictment was
unsealed and made public.
15. Another punishment that Videnieks threatened against me if I
cooperate with the House Judiciary Commitee [sic] is prosecution by
the U.S. Department of Justice for perjury. Videnieks warned me that
credible witnesses would come forward to contradict any damaging
claims that I made in testimony before the House Judiciary Committee,
and that I would subsequently be prosecuted for perjury by the U.S.
Department of Justice for my testimony before the House Judiciary
FURTHER AFFIANT SAYETH NOT.
[Signed]: Michael J. Riconosciuto
Signed and sworn to before me this 21st day of March, 1991.
John M. Rosellini
Notary Public
My Commission Expires: Sept 19, 1993

@_date: 2005-01-03 01:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Re: SIGINT and COMSEC Discussion Group 
Why would we use a "groups beta" at google's when there's a big and
proven yahoogroups that's been around for ages (under various names)?
