
@_date: 2002-12-30 01:16:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Rd=08e:?= The Two Towers.... 
Oh that our saviour Osama would come soon and turn all New York into a radioactive pile of rubble.

@_date: 2003-01-03 17:02:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why anyone on this list might give a crap about QM 
Here's why wavefunction collapse matters, or might.
A few months ago, we were debating the "End of the Golden age of crypto", and that went into a discussion of the inherent (or not!) difficulty wrt factoring large numbers consisting of big primes.
And the question that was raised (and is still on the table), is whether 1) is it possible that one day factoring will be 'cracked' and become much easier, 2) whether factoring will always remain dificult, or 3) will we be able to prove 2 above or will we have to live with the uncertainty forever?
Quantum Cryptography is a possibility that could allow 'us' (ie, whoever will have access to it) to 'know' for sure that our transmission is secure, based on physical law.
This security only exists, however, if we believe current quantum mechanical theory, which says that...
1) Wavefunction collapse happens at measurement time
2) There are no hidden variables
3) ANY attempt to read what the photon states 'really' are will collapse the wavefunction
4) An eavesdropper of a Quantum-encrypted code must necessarily reveal their presence, due tpo the fundamental QM laws of the universe.(4 logically follows from 1,2 and 3 above.)
In other words, the use of Quantum Cryptography is an attempt to eliminate the uncertainty associated with difficult (but classical) cryptosystems. But it only eliminates the uncertainty if we believe reality really works this way.
TD ( and

@_date: 2003-01-03 17:02:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why anyone on this list might give a crap about QM 
Here's why wavefunction collapse matters, or might.
A few months ago, we were debating the "End of the Golden age of crypto", and that went into a discussion of the inherent (or not!) difficulty wrt factoring large numbers consisting of big primes.
And the question that was raised (and is still on the table), is whether 1) is it possible that one day factoring will be 'cracked' and become much easier, 2) whether factoring will always remain dificult, or 3) will we be able to prove 2 above or will we have to live with the uncertainty forever?
Quantum Cryptography is a possibility that could allow 'us' (ie, whoever will have access to it) to 'know' for sure that our transmission is secure, based on physical law.
This security only exists, however, if we believe current quantum mechanical theory, which says that...
1) Wavefunction collapse happens at measurement time
2) There are no hidden variables
3) ANY attempt to read what the photon states 'really' are will collapse the wavefunction
4) An eavesdropper of a Quantum-encrypted code must necessarily reveal their presence, due tpo the fundamental QM laws of the universe.(4 logically follows from 1,2 and 3 above.)
In other words, the use of Quantum Cryptography is an attempt to eliminate the uncertainty associated with difficult (but classical) cryptosystems. But it only eliminates the uncertainty if we believe reality really works this way.
TD ( and

@_date: 2003-06-15 20:36:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
The Nexus is like a mini-OS for the trusted side of the machine.  It acts
as a kernel to manage the "trusted applications", the Nexus Computing
Agents or NCAs.
So what this sentence is really saying is that only one (trusted) OS
will be able to run at a time on a machine.  That's not that surprising
or significant.  Most machines only run one OS at a time.  Sure, with
virtualization and similar techniques you can manage to run more than
one OS at once, but that's unusual.  Probably 99.9% of machines are only
running one OS at a time.
Virtualization is not an option with trusted computing because part of
the point is to be able to offer assurance to remote users about what
the machine will do (i.e. its behavior is predictable, hence trusted).
This implies that it only makes sense to run one trusted OS at a time.
That's probably all the "important" sentence above means.
Right, plus it schedules, loads them, etc, like an OS kernel.  Here is
a simplified form of a diagram they use.  The left hand side is the
legacy mode, with normal Windows applications and OS.  The right hand
side is the new trusted mode, with NCAs as the applications and Nexus
as the OS.
       Normal Mode                  Trusted Mode
Yes, it sounds like it will work exactly like that.  Plus, hopefully
it will be possible for Linux to create its own Nexus ("Linexus"?) that
uses the same hardware features to provide TC capabilities for that OS.
Recall that Linus Torvalds recently adopted the position that DRM was
an acceptable technology for Linux, even when it involved being built
into the kernel.  Since DRM is the main downside to TC for many people,
and TC has many more good aspects beyond DRM, it is a near certainty
that Linux will add support for Trusted Computing.
Right, he could watch all the Disney movies he wanted, without paying
for them!  Mwaa haa haa!  Foolish humans!
But seriously, these systems can only raise the cost of security.
Neither cypherpunks nor Sony should risk their collective lives that no
one will break Palladium, by hook or by crook.

@_date: 2003-06-11 09:46:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
You clearly know virtually nothing about Palladium.  NCAs do not have
"complete access to private information".  Quite the opposite.  Rather,
NCAs have the power to protect private information such that no other
software on the machine can access it.  They do so by using the Palladium
software and hardware to encrypt the private data.  The encryption is
done in such a way that it is "sealed" to the particular NCA, and no other
software is allowed to use the Palladium crypto hardware to decrypt it.
In the proposed usage, an NCA associated with an ecommerce site would seal
the data which is used by the user to authenticate to the remote site.
The authentication data doesn't actually have to be a certificate with
associated key, but that would be one possibility.  Only NCAs signed by
that ecommerce site's key would be able to unseal and access the user's
authentication credentials.  This prevents rogue software from stealing
them and impersonating the user.
If you read the entire message it was clearly referring to a
Palladium-enabled web browser.  And Palladium is more than a hardware
technology; it includes hardware and software components.
Fine, at least you admit you're a whore.  But you'll probably do even
better if you learn how it actually works.  Seriously, have you read any
of the documents linked from

@_date: 2003-07-29 23:14:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: AP by any other name ... 
Of the 266 Google news links about Policy Analysis Market this morning, most of the headlines trumpet "Defense Department Taking Terror Bets." Policy Analysis Market is an attempt to use the wisdom of markets to predict crises and attacks in the Middle East.  The organizations behind the project include the Economist Intelligence unit, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (they funded the original Internet), and Net Exchange, a spinoff from the California Institute of Technology devoted to commercialize " computational combinatorial deal-making PAM states this about the whole concept: "Analysts often use prices from various markets as indicators of potential  events. The use of petroleum futures contract prices by analysts of the Middle East is a classic example. The Policy Analysis  Market (PAM) refines this approach by trading futures contracts  that deal with underlying fundamentals of relevance to the Middle East. Initially, PAM will focus on the economic, civil, and military  futures of Egypt, Jordan, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Syria, and Turkey and the impact of U.S. involvement with each."
What is controversial is that market futures about "the overthrow of King Hussein of Jordan" were included and have offended politicians here in the US and undoubtedly in Jordan, Saudi Arabia, etc. . Others are upset that a trader can actually make some money if he/she predicts fairly accurately.  Trading starts October 1, 2003, and you can signup now. There will be a cutoff after 1000 registrants, and while they hope to have a globally distributed network of participants, what if a significant number were nettime readers?
I first ran into this market concept about ten years ago. The Iowa Political Stock Market successfully predicted the outcome of the 1992 U.S. presidential election within a few tenths of a percentage point for all three candidates (including Perot).  It was more accurate than 8 major polls. Since then there have been many other experiments with other markets: Hollywood Stock Exchange where people bet on future box office receipts and Foresight Exchange where traders bet on the outcomes of unresolved scientific and societal questions.
 Hollywood Stock Market
 Articficial Markets
 Policy Analysis Market

@_date: 2003-08-28 02:17:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: traffix analysis 
This is not true, and in fact this result is one of the most important
to have been obtained in the anonymity community in the past decade.  The
impossibility of practical, strong, real-time anonymous communication has
undoubtedly played a role in the lack of deployment of such systems.
The attack consists of letting the attacker subvert (or become!) one of
the communication endpoints.  This can be as simple as running a "sting"
web site offering illegal material.
Then the attacker arranges to insert delays into the message channels
leading from subscribers into the crowd.  He looks for correlations
between those delays and observed delays in the message traffic to his
subverted endpoint.  This will allow him to determine which subscriber
is communicating with that endpoint, regardless of how the crowd behaves.
It will often be possible to also trace the communication channel back
through the crowd, by inserting delays onto chosen links and observing
which ones correlate with delays in the data observed at the endpoint.
This way it is not necessary to monitor all subscribers to the crowd,
but rather individual traffic flows can be traced.
Wei Dai's PipeNet proposal aims to defeat this attack, but at the
cost of running the entire crowd+subscriber network synchronously.
The synchronous operation defeats traffic-delay attacks, but the problem
is that any subscriber can shut the entire network down by simply delaying
his packets.

@_date: 2003-11-17 22:01:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks meetings? 
Well, chicks are gone, there is a risk from fatherland security troopers,
many armchair cypherpunks are unemployed, the very few left cannot stand
each other ...
Having said that,
if San Francisco can have those dumb but quite anonymous flash mobs, maybe
it's time for ...
SAN FRANCISCO FLASH CYPHERPUNKS !
Three locations will be given in downtown area this Sat, partitioning to be done
by birthdate (or your PGP key fingerprint's last digit.) In each of these at
exactly 1pm an 802.11b access point will come to life. You'll need to break
40-bit WEP to get in. Once there, attempt to access any http server will result
in page describing the meeting location.

@_date: 2003-11-17 22:01:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks meetings? 
Well, chicks are gone, there is a risk from fatherland security troopers,
many armchair cypherpunks are unemployed, the very few left cannot stand
each other ...
Having said that,
if San Francisco can have those dumb but quite anonymous flash mobs, maybe
it's time for ...
SAN FRANCISCO FLASH CYPHERPUNKS !
Three locations will be given in downtown area this Sat, partitioning to be done
by birthdate (or your PGP key fingerprint's last digit.) In each of these at
exactly 1pm an 802.11b access point will come to life. You'll need to break
40-bit WEP to get in. Once there, attempt to access any http server will result
in page describing the meeting location.

@_date: 2003-12-20 04:23:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (No Subject) 
Re saddam et all...
The war of words over Saddam & Bush is quite amusing. The blind faith in ones
govt structure and the willingness to support force that is in such extreme
measure overpowering and statist such as the dropping of tons of depleted uranium
high explosives shows that some on this list have not broadened their news
reading beyond fox news.
What courage is required to fly at 40000 ft and drop the MOAB containing DU
on essentially defenceless targets? How can people think that Bush would never
harm civilians? It does not really matter if there are democrats in the whitehouse
or "republican" kings appointed by courts. Just because you choose not to deeply
examine the effects of the policies of your govt does not make them "reasonable".
Successful policies  and reasonable policies can be two different things. Its
possible to be both successful and reasonable. Its also possible to be successful
and un-reasonable...
Saddam merely gassed a few thousand people maybe. Bush senior's gulf war and
now Shrub's fine legacy will ensure the slow torturous death of many generations
of Iraqis and those American soldiers involved. The awful horrors of Stalin,
Hitler and Saddam will pass with a few generations... the half-life of DU is
in billions of years.Re American soldiers: Bush has cut medical care for active
duty personnel as well as veterans.(link via google search: The childish blind faith in US statist instituitions does not make their pronouncements
right.This is no better than those that blindly followed their communist or
nazi leaders.
The USA is at the heights of its power because of a well defined strategy of
monetary and military control of the world (the dollar as the currency of international
trade and its consequences, see links below).
Only the people of the USA can prevent the degeneration of their vaunted state
into a hellhole that will make the Soviets blush. The seeds are in place -
fine grained monetary oversight, 99.99% unsecured easily intercepted private
conversation, the shredding of the "bill of rights", willing armies of police
and other govt organized thugs, the impending death of the dollar as the only
currency of international trade, the overvalued stock market with absurd PEs,
the willingness to scam for a buck (Enrons, Halliburton etc), the lack of true
capitalism and open competition in certain sectors [eg medical cos, microsoft].
Those on this list should know better. Note: I'm not suggesting that this is
going to happen overnight, but as I said the seeds are in place...
Some links to ponder:
Why is the width of damage to the pentagon not as wide as a 757 (flt 77)?
Dollar and war: USS liberty [or the lies the US govt will tell]
Former KGB head consults for US Dept of homeland security:
Of course there will be the chest pounders vouching for their wonderful state...
about how all this is Internet garbage. Those unwilling to make a deep and
wide investigation are unteachable. Bush needs you.

@_date: 2004-08-10 10:02:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: NSA Overcomes Fiber-Optic and Encryption 
I can see fatherland securitat goons raiding a certain restaurant at
Stanford next weekend ... assume all keys are compromised due to RH attack.
