
@_date: 2001-11-24 23:33:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? 
Are you aware that fairly explicit instructions were just last week
published on the internet for building basement nukes? Sorry, you are
dead wrong -- the First Amendment has no limits. And anyone who thinks
so plainly needs killing.

@_date: 2001-11-06 18:44:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stun Guns a Firearm? 
What! Care to elborate a bit more on this? When did this get passed,
and what else was made illegal? Paintball guns? Pellet guns? Rocks? Or
only rocks in a sock?   Tim is only too right -- this country is totally fucked.

@_date: 2001-11-07 19:12:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Osama Says 
He should keep his mouth shut. Or at least copyright his speeches and
prevent unauthorised translations.
He seems to be a cross between primitive religious dickhead of the TV-evangelist
sort and a texan politician. But he never got his show, so ...
The fact that a bigot like this can attract some sympathies from the "west"
dissidents (and that's what most cpunks are) tells how bad it became in our
cherished western part of the world.

@_date: 2001-11-12 04:35:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
Whew! I was getting a little worried. Went out and dug up my silenced MP5, then went back and buried it again, did that 3
fucking times this weeked.

@_date: 2001-11-12 04:35:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
Meditation is very much a part of weapons control. Read Musashi's
"Book of the Five Rings." Many of the Samurai were Zen students, and more than a few were actually Zen masters. Also read Jocho
Yamamoto's book, "The Hagacure", he was a 16th Cent. Zen Samurai/monk.
The book later came to be used as required reading for the glorius "Spirit Wind" pilots in WWII.
   How more noble can a man's life end, then to love his country, or
his cause, his family, his friends -- more than himself?
BlackWing

@_date: 2001-11-11 18:41:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sedition 
Looks like the announcement of the new use of
sedition laws sure put
a damper on the cypherpunks list, eh?

@_date: 2001-11-24 03:38:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
It's not a matter of unnamed cypherpunks doing a favor, but rather a
proposal offered to see if there is support.  If a few people spoke
up with agreement that such an effort were worth doing, the next step
would be to put together a project, perhaps on sourceforge, and get
some code into play.  But if you run the flag up and no one salutes,
then you should wait for a better idea.
This is the problem of initial distribution.  Ideally there would be some
way to give every person a fixed initial allocation, but in practice this
will allow people to create new identities ("nyms") and get more than
their share.  It seemed that part of MojoNation's reason for backing away
from mojo-as-money was the problem of fairly giving an initial allocation.
Here's an idea which has been proposed before: use hashcash to purchase
e-coins.  Hashcash is a hash collision generated by a certain number of
standard CPU hours of work.  To enter into the ecash economy you could
generate hashcash and send it to the server, getting ecash in exchange.
Ecash is more suitable than hashcash as a form of currency as it can
be transferred and exchanged at the bank with little effort or expense.
But the problem is acquiring the initial ecash without the overwhelming
inflation that Greg Broiles implicitly warns against.  By basing ecash
on hashcash which involves a significant expense to generate, you avoid
In this system, the ecash "bank" would not be a bank at all.  It would
have two functions: give out some ecash given hashcash; and give out
some (fresh) ecash given other ecash.  The latter would use the double
spending database and all that.  If you received some ecash as payment
you would immediately exchange it at the bank which will simultaneously
verify that the cash is good and give you fresh coins for later spending.
The ecash server is simply an exchanger.
These are serious proposals.  With Ben Laurie's lucre library and a
berkeley db for the double spending database, a basic server could be
put together in a few hours' work.  Adam Back's hashcash software can
be used as a client to generate the initial requests.  The basic pieces
are all here, no magic fairies required.
The main question is again whether there exists an initial market which
could be enticed into trying out this package on an experimental basis.

@_date: 2001-11-27 02:24:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Anonymizing Scam 
The following message by Lance Cottrell responding to John Young's
accusations was sent to the cypherpunks list but apparently never
appeared here.
        Digital Bearer Settlement List , dcsb
        cryptography cypherpunks jya
Given how widely know my email address is, I am saddened that people would post this kind of unsubstantiated rumor without any attempt to check on the validity.
Anonymizer has always offered its services to all comers. This has always included law enforcement. They have used our services to keep an eye on certain websites for many years, without tipping them off to the focus of their interests. Seeing "fbi.gov" in the log files is a bit of a giveaway. They have no special access to our systems, and no ability to monitor our users.
Describing our policy of open access as "sucking up to the TLAs" is absurd. I would have thought my history in this field would have earned me some consideration before jumping to that kind of conclusion. Does government and industry have no rights to, or needs for, privacy? It seems a hypocritical position for Cypherpunks to         -Lance Cottrell

@_date: 2001-12-17 00:50:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: OBL's public key 
There are at least four keys on the PGP public key servers for OBL:
Type Bits KeyID    Created    Expires    Algorithm       Use
pub  1024 7D6B7194 1999-05-01 ---------- DSS             Encrypt only   sub  3072 A467CF86 1999-05-01 ---------- Diffie-Hellman                 uid  Osama Ben Laden pub  1024 E26E586C 2001-05-01 ---------- DSS             Encrypt only   sub  2048 6603204E 2001-05-01 ---------- Diffie-Hellman                 uid  Osama Bin Laden
pub  1024 54A68C12 2001-10-13 ---------- DSS             Encrypt only   sub  1536 CA5B39D2 2001-10-13 ---------- Diffie-Hellman                 uid  osama bin laden pub  1024 7AD74ED0 2001-10-23 2002-10-23 DSS             Encrypt only   sub  2048 8F6E73AA 2001-10-23 2002-10-23 Diffie-Hellman                 uid  Osama Bin Laden

@_date: 2001-12-15 16:11:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Feds Go Cow Tipping... 
I'm having a hard time believing this isn't a put on. If not, everyone at cDc should be hunted down and made, like their name -- dead!

@_date: 2001-12-10 22:47:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: in praise of gold 
[A repost of an earlier message regarding gold]
If you really want to look at 100 year time scales, gold is completely
unsuitable as a standard of value.
Over the next 100 years it is highly likely that we will develop new
technologies which will totally change what we think of as valuable.
Nanotechnology and similar methods will allow atom by atom restructuring
of matter.  Gold and other elements can be extracted from sea water
or from the soil.  Space mining will open access to mineral stores on
other planets.  Low cost, solar powered low-energy orbits can bring
these resources back to earth.
With all the changes that we are going to be seeing over the next
100 years, what are the chances that one particular metal is going to
turn out to have anywhere near the same value that it has today?  It is
far more likely that the relative prices of all the elements will vary
greatly from what we have known in the past.
Look at a chart of the abundances of the elements in the earth's crust,
and in the terrestrial planets.  These represent "supply" of matter in the
future.  Demand will come from how useful these elements are in supplying
people's needs.  Carbon may well turn out to be a highly valuable element
due to its great flexibility, strength, its biological role, and its
relative rarity.  Diamonds will be no more valuable than soot, of course,
but both will be excellent raw materials for nanotech construction.
Or they may not.  We don't know enough now.  But we can certainly say
that any money based on the rarity of an elemental commodity faces the
prospect of being highly unstable as we move into the nanotech regime.
On the other hand, fiat moneys can be based on contract and mutual
agreement.  With cryptographic protection, account balances are
transferred securely.  And as multiple money issuers (the US Fed among
others) compete in an international market, the global money supply will
be self adjusting, as predicted by economic models.
This is the true foundation for an economically stable future.  Atoms are
the past; bits are the future.  Money is becoming information, with
checks and balances already in place to control the global money supply.
In contrast, basing the future economic system on the spatial distribution
of metallic atoms would be foolish.

@_date: 2001-12-11 04:52:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: eCash reported mortally wounded... 
No need to wait so long for ecash implementations.  Ben Laurie's Lucre
software uses Wagner blinding, which is a non-signature based blinding
system.  The coin can only be verified by the bank, contrary to the
definition of a digital signature, so the blind signature patent does
not apply.  Read more at

@_date: 2001-12-11 03:54:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: FreeSWAN Release 1.93 ships! 
The latest releases of both Suse and Mandrake are both able to install kernels with Freeswan already integrated.  It's a little newer addition to Mandrake, so you may want to use Suse.  Suse makes it easy to set up encrypted file systems and other nice features.
The major problem that holds back the development of FreeS/WAN is with its management.  [Management that cares more about sitting on its pulpit, than getting useful software into the hands of people.] Unless things have changed recently, they still won't accept contributions from the US.  This makes no sense.  GPG is shipping with every Linux distribution I know of, and the German's take contributions from the US.
The primary kernel developers have been willing to integrate crypto into the kernel since the crypto regs were lowered.  It's the policy of no US contributions that's holding back Linux IPSEC.
IMHO:  If Freeswan had never been created, an alternate, more mature implementation would already exist in the mainline Linux kernel.

@_date: 2001-12-11 03:54:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: FreeSWAN Release 1.93 ships! 
The latest releases of both Suse and Mandrake are both able to install kernels with Freeswan already integrated.  It's a little newer addition to Mandrake, so you may want to use Suse.  Suse makes it easy to set up encrypted file systems and other nice features.
The major problem that holds back the development of FreeS/WAN is with its management.  [Management that cares more about sitting on its pulpit, than getting useful software into the hands of people.] Unless things have changed recently, they still won't accept contributions from the US.  This makes no sense.  GPG is shipping with every Linux distribution I know of, and the German's take contributions from the US.
The primary kernel developers have been willing to integrate crypto into the kernel since the crypto regs were lowered.  It's the policy of no US contributions that's holding back Linux IPSEC.
IMHO:  If Freeswan had never been created, an alternate, more mature implementation would already exist in the mainline Linux kernel.

@_date: 2001-12-15 00:28:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: CNN.com on Remailers 
It's a myth that remailers don't distinguish between inter-remailer and
outside traffic.  Actually, remailers generally have built-in knowledge
of every other remailer, and mail from them is handled specially.
The reason is because of flood detection and prevention, which is a
feature of modern remailer software.  Attacks against the remailer network
in the form of message floods have been a common nuisance in recent years.
As a countermeasure, current remailer software detects and automatically
blocks addresses which provide excessive quantities of mail.
Unfortunately, the most common cause of large incoming volumes is
that the other sender is itself a remailer.  Hence it is necessary to
maintain a database of all extant remailers and disable flood detection
for those addresses.  This is a common practice for remailer operators.
It's also one of the main reasons why certain remailer chains
"mysteriously" fail to work.  With the set of remailers changing
frequently, especially in recent months, it takes time, often weeks,
before all the remailers get around to updating their databases to
reflect the current set of addresses.  Until then you have a failure
with any chain which goes from a remailer to another remailer which has
not yet added it.  You end up with these strange situations where A can
send to B which can send to C, and C can send to A, but any chain where
A sends to C fails.
At one time there was a somewhat romantic and idealistic notion that
remailers would all operate independently, with no need to be aware
of each other's existence.  Experience has proven that this is not
the case.  Remailers do know about each other, they need to know about
each other, and they coordinate their efforts via various mailing lists
and newsgroups.
Given this reality, it is time to consider a different approach to
remailers, one in which all remailer operators work together in a peer
to peer network.  It's crazy for remailers to use RFC2822 email to
communicate with each other, with all of its problems with reliability
and the many layers of software which mail goes through to and from the
remailing functionality.
Remailer operators should have permanent encrypted links to one another,
with constant (or at least message-uncorrelated) traffic volumes.
They can still use latency, message pools, and other features, of course.
But when it comes time to deliver messages to the next remailer in the
list, that should be done with a reliable and direct connection that
doesn't have to depend on the vagaries of sendmail, procmail, Microsoft
servers or the many other layers that get in the way.  This would both
increase the reliability of the remailer network and improve its security
by hiding inter-remailer traffic.

@_date: 2001-12-17 02:33:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban 
I am seriously considering to fund printing of inet-one digest in local newspaper/rag that CJ can pick up. On a weekly basis.
I'd like to see if pigs will dare fuck him for reading newspapers.
Any pointers to local papers appreciated.

@_date: 2001-12-29 02:00:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Afghans Demand End to Bombing 
Heard on the news tonight that the "interim Afghan government" was
demanding an end to the bombing in 3 days, and that all troops
leave in 6 months. Some US general asshole then announced from
Dubbya's ranch in Texass that "we will decide when we'll stop
bombing, and nobody else" and Dubbya says the troops will be
there for a long time.   I love it -- won't it be fun when the Afghans all start killing Yanks? Anybody want to bet on how long it will
be before the first Americans are killed by non-Taliban Afghans?

@_date: 2001-12-29 02:45:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NTBugtraq author says virus authors "terrorists" 
"We need to do this, if for no other reason than to show it's possible (to track virus writers)," Russ Cooper,
editor of security news list NTBugtraq, said. Forget that it may be problematic to extradite the individual, or that they may be young, or claim to be
doing 'research.' We need to catch them, and place them in a position whereby they are seen for what
they are -- a terrorist," Cooper said. "The cost to our businesses, not to mention our way of life, is simply
too high to not pursue these individuals."

@_date: 2002-01-15 18:15:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: All your addresses are belong to Microsoft 
From slashdot:
 in the
course of discovery for the ongoing lawsuit instigated by
Microsoft against Lindows.com, the company was "compelled to disclose your
email address to Microsoft." The email addresses aren't just those who have
submitted product names with a connection to "Windows", but rather "everyone
who had submitted their address asking to be signed up for the Lindows.com
mailing list since we turned on the website," according to email from Robertson.
He adds: "The information which Microsoft received in the list was name, email
address and physical address. It was not just people that posted to our forum,
but basically every address for every person that we had collected."

@_date: 2002-01-12 14:56:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Gov Deep Net Monitoring 
John, this is hardly worth mentioning and looks just like a smoke cloud
to divert attention from the good old echeloning.
Why a smoke cloud ? Because this lawless monitoring can be "rectified",
banished, and then everything will be OK, right ?
Make no mistake, usg has been sucking *all* the bits from MAE{west,east,*}
for years. The only thing they may need now is justification for collected
information. Decoys a la carnivore and what not.

@_date: 2002-01-08 03:05:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Spooky noises 
Petro spoke:
   Why wouldn't you keep loaded guns in the house? Guns should always be loaded, and everyone made aware of it. My kids were raised knowing they
were always loaded, and they were never "hidden" or locked up. They also
were allowed to shoot them, and often. They also had guns of their own
which they could shoot and were allowed to play with under supervision.
  I've never, in all my life, as far as I know, ever lived in a house without loaded guns in it. At least as far back as I can remember, my
Daddy's guns were loaded, at least the pistols. Mine always have been,
and always will be. If you raise your kids to be stupid about loaded
guns, or any other dangerous tool -- well, I guess Darwin had a point.

@_date: 2002-01-01 21:23:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: plumbing attack 
A high-pressure water cleaner puts out ca. 100 atmospheres of
pressure, and on the other end, can also flatten a hose if the water supply is shut off and the pump is running.
John Y or 100K other structural engineers/architects can probably explain about the multiple-level tanks used in skyscraper hydraulics.  As with microbes, the most insidious poisons are the ones that
take a long time to show symptoms.
Butyric acid squirts from vocal, immature lone wolves is the least of your problems.
Damn, but Empire is expensive.

@_date: 2002-01-01 22:17:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Paris cops raid cybercafes 
Paris cybercafes raided in
shoebomber inquiry By Verena Von Derschau in Paris
01 January 2002
The Paris prosecutor's office opened a judicial inquiry into
Richard Reid, the man accused of trying to blow up an aircraft
with explosives hidden in his shoes, and investigators have
confiscated computers from Paris cybercafis he visited.
The inquiry into a possible charge of "criminal association in
relation to a terrorist enterprise" would cover anyone suspected
of having acted as Mr Reid's accomplice, officials said.

@_date: 2002-01-03 03:45:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Faustine's paranoia index 
What state do you live in?
Your claimed paranoia level goes is beyond most former Intel physicists'.
Have you discussed this with your psychiatrist/handlers?

@_date: 2002-01-08 02:02:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Orange crush 
cubic-brain drooled:
    Total, absolute, unadulterated bullshit! You must work for the
feds to be able to lie that baldfacedly. There were no agri-chemicals
before WWII. They tried using asenic as an insecticide early on, but gave up on it rather quickly. At any rate, there were certainly no
herbicides before WWII.
  Sounds like the chem lab experiments you did in high school did
a number on your forebrain.   Or maybe you can give us a cite?

@_date: 2002-01-07 06:42:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Orange crush 
Total bullshit there crock dog. TCDD is also a breakdown product of both poly-chlorinated phenols like 2,4,D and 2,4,5-T and poly-chlorinated
bi-phenols (PCBs). It really doesn't matter what level tcdd (dioxin) is at time of manufacture, even boiling coffee watere with 245T in it can give
you a load of dioxin.    The agit/prop that we *need* herbicides to produce enough food is
patently absurd. They didn't even exiest 50 years ago, and most farmers
in the world still don't use them. Only the chemically dependant brainwashed, braindead amerikan farmer does, which is why he's quickly
becoming extinct.

@_date: 2002-02-16 03:46:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: On NOT publishing the public half of a key-pair 
One reason not to publish an email public key is that normally it has
an email address associated with it.  By publishing your key you make
your email address available to spam address harvesters.  Many people
prefer to keep their email addresses less well known, but they would
still benefit from making their key available.
The email address is needed as an index to look up the public key when
sending.  It may also be displayed when a signed message is verified.
However both of these purposes can be achieved without putting the email
address in the public key data structure.
Instead, it should be sufficient to put in a one way hash of the
email address.  This can be used just as easily for indexing purposes.
When sending to a particular email address, rather than searching the key
database for that address, hash it first and then search for the hash.
And when verifying received mail, hash the Reply-To address and compare
with the value in the key.
If email software would switch over to using an email address hash rather
than the address itself, that would eliminate one of the main reasons
people are afraid to publish their public keys.

@_date: 2002-02-24 01:12:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NEW updated "procmail is not mattds friend" scripts! :) 
as our resident turkey and spew artist matt switches accounts so often
I have updated procmail is not mattds friend scripts
---------- begin .procmailrc cut-----------
:0 c
* ^From.*profrv
:0 c
* ^From.*mattd
:0 c
* ^From.*proffr11
:0 c
* ^From.*testuser
-------end .procmailrc cut------------
------begin warning file cut-----
Warning: the pseudo-anarchist mattd  likes molesting farm animals.
watch this pseudo-anarchist be the first to attempt to complain to authorities
about this automated bit of critique!
This automated announcement will automatically repeat every time the
assfucked bastard posts.
mattd is planning on wearing orifice bombs to the US olympics and should be
 stopped for a body cavity search at the US Border!
mattd was convicted of recieving child pornography in australia and
has called for the murder of US officials, he should be barred from entry to the
-------end warning file cut----------
