
@_date: 2001-11-13 21:17:18
@_author: Hans Acker 
@_subject: Yet More Cypherpunks Fiction (Animal Farm/Handmaid's Tale) 
Please tell me cdc.gov is *not* a open relay and that our resident microbiologist has 'doctored' his own machine. I don't think our nation can stand another CY53R-T3RR0R12T threat right now. ;-)
     ".....As I have said elsewhere, there was little that was      truly original with or indigenous to Gilead; its genius      was synthesis....."
The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood portrays a religious-fundamentalist group seizing power in the USA through progressive acts of terrorism. Re-reading it for the umpteenth time, I was surprised at the similarities between the book and recent events. Like 1984, the book took current and past trends, and 'carried them to their logical conclusions'.
From now on, whenever I think about 'Jezebel's' I'll remember the grand finale of Animal Farm. Thanks SirCam! (No cavities!!!)
If you can't be kind about history, be vague.
Quote from "The Handmaid's Tale", by 'anonymous':
     "I guess that's how they were able to do it, in the way      they did, all at once, without anyone knowing beforehand.      If there had still been portable money it would have been      more difficult.
     It was after the catastrophe, when they shot the President      and machine-gunned the Congress and the army declared a      state of emergency. They blamed it on Islamic Fanatics, at      the time.
     Keep calm, they said on television. Everything is under      control.
     I was stunned. Everyone was, I know that. It was hard to      believe. The entire government, gone like that. How did      they get in, how did it happen?
     That was when they suspended the Constitution. They said      it would be temporary. There wasn't even any rioting in      the streets. People stayed home at night, watching      television, looking for some direction. There wasn't even      an enemy you could put your finger on.
     Look out, Moira said to me, over the phone. Here it comes.
     Here what comes? I said.
     You wait, she said. They've been building up to this. It's      you and me up against the wall, baby. She was quoting an      expression of my mother's, but she wasn't intending to be      funny.
     Things continued in a state of suspended animation for      weeks, although things did happen. Newspapers were      censored and some were closed down, for security reasons      they said. The roadblocks began to appear, and      Identipasses. Everyone approved of that, since it was      obvious you couldn't be too careful. They said new      elections would be held, but that it would take some time      to prepare for them. The thing to do, they said, was to      continue on as usual....."
Excerpts from "Afghanistan and the United States: Two Early Twenty-First Century Monotheocracies, as Seen Through Diaries," by Prof. James Darcy Pieixoto, Director, Twentieth and Twenty-First Century Archives, Cambridge University, England: speaking June 25, 2195
     [The Sons of Jacob Think Tanks] were organized shortly      after the recognition of the superpower arms stalemate and      the signing of the classified Spheres of Influence Accord,      which left the superpowers free to deal, unhampered by      interference, with the growing number of rebellions within      their own empires.
     [..]
     It was [Judd] who suggested the use of an obscure "C.I.A."      pamphlet on the destabilization of foreign governments as      a strategic handbook for the Sons of Jacob, and he, too, who      drew up the early hit-lists of prominent "Americans" of      the time. He is also suspected of having orchestrated the      President's Day Massacre, which must have required maximum      infiltration of the security systems surrounding Congress,      and without which the Constitution could never have been      suspended.      [..]
     "Its racist policies [..] were firmly rooted in the pre-
     Gilead period, and racist fears provided some of the      emotional fuel that allowed the Gilead takeover to succeed      as well as it did.
     [..]
     To institute an effective totalitarian system or indeed      any system at all you must offer some benefits and      freedoms, at least to a privileged few, in return for      those you remove.
     [..] We now return you to your regular programming.....
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/M$-virus-propagation-platform  entitled "I send you this file in order to have your device.txt.doc".]
