
@_date: 2001-09-26 02:41:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Likewise, I received a phone call from the FBI asking to speak with me. They had tried to locate my physical place of residence, but were unable to do so. I went to the local FBI field office to talk to them, because I was curious about what they had to say.
When the conversation no longer interested me, I told them I wished to leave, and that they should arrest me if they weren't going to permit that. I was allowed to leave.
I would not repeat this, however. If a similar situation occurs, I will most likely use Tim's method. I find being served with subpoenas to be

@_date: 2001-11-05 11:48:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
Apparently your reasoning has no common points with reality.
What is approprate or not is irrelevant.
What is relevant that armed thugs immitate bad TV with people that are not paid actors or network employees. Now it becomes apparent why all those reality pig shows - it was just the preparation step.
Ridiculous as it may sound, Tim May of Corralitos was right - the only way to pose the right questions and have them answered is Pb poisoning.

@_date: 2001-11-06 07:56:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: enumeration 
All this talk about "government", "USG", "TLAs" etc is rather
unprecise, vague and general.
Can we compile a list of 100-200 persons that ARE the US government,
maybe then we can examine the issues more scientifically ?
1. George mini-Bush
2. Collin Powel
3. Ashcroft, whatever the fuck's name is.
4. ...

@_date: 2001-11-07 17:32:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Entertainingly dangerous spam - Access and use your PC from anywhe 
Doesn't M$ XPlode offer this 'funtionality', ostensibly so your friends can remotely show you how to perform certain tasks with the OS?

@_date: 2001-11-15 20:24:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Terrorists to be Tried in Military Tribunal 
Read the fucking order at cryptome:
   Detention, Treatment, and Trial of Certain Non-Citizens in the War
   Against Terrorism
See that?  "Non-Citizens", you stupid fucks!  What a barrel of retards
we've got around here.

@_date: 2001-11-22 00:16:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Unfortunately U.S. postal regulations require identification when you
rent a mail box, public or private.  See
   Recent amendments to postal regulations will make it harder for
   criminals to victimize innocent consumers by using mail drops.
   Anyone renting a box from a commercial mail-receiving agency such
   as Mail Boxers, Etc., Parcel Post, and Postnet will be required to
   provide two forms of ID, one being a photo ID.
It won't do much good to chain them if each one in the chain has your
ID on file.  Granted you can use fake ID but that would be breaking the
law, raising the costs considerably.

@_date: 2001-11-21 00:04:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Some thoughts on digital cash.
First, using anonymous cash to purchase physical goods online means giving
up much of the benefit from the anonymity.  If you have to give a delivery
address, they obviously know who you are.  It's still slightly better
than using your Visa card because only the seller learns your address
rather than a centralized agency that knows all of your purchases.
But it's hardly worth it.
Second, using digital cash for purchases in the real world (grocery stores
etc) is pretty much impossible today and relatively pointless anyway since
physical cash exists.  There might be some slight advantages in terms of
not having to carry cash, resistance to theft, etc., but from the privacy
perspective, things are about as good as they are going to get in the
physical world.  It's only going to go downhill from here.  It may not
be as bad as Scott "Get Over It" McNealy claims but realistically the use
of surveillance cameras and face recognition systems is going to increase.
Third, this leaves the use of digital cash to purchase information goods
and services online.  The problem is, few companies have succeeded so far
in selling information goods online, and the problems have nothing to do
with the payment system or privacy issues.  With self-contained products
like music and software, piracy is rampant.  There are some service
businesses which are producing and selling information successfully,
but usually they are in the B2B market where privacy is less of an issue.
Fourth, the significant exception is of course pornography, and
we've had debates about whether it would make sense to create a
privacy-protecting electronic payment system that catered to the porn
market.  It's profitable, it's information, and there are significant
privacy considerations for some customers.
Unfortunately the greatest sensitivity to privacy comes with illegal
products like child pornography.  And the Reedy case has to be a
significant cautionary tale.  Thomas Reedy was proprietor of an age
verification service which had a couple of overseas child pornographers
among its customers; he ended up with life imprisonment for what was
essentially a payment collection service.  Any digital cash system
for the porn market would therefore have to screen its clients (the
sellers) very closely.  It's the buyers to whom you are selling privacy,
not the sellers, so this is not inconsistent with the business model.
But it could be expensive.  And by eliminating illegal porn you would
be turning away much of your potential business, leading to a constant
temptation to cross the line as Reedy did.
Can we identify other markets, other applications where cash or cash-like
technology can be useful?  MojoNation is a good example.  Their mojo is
intended to be a cash substitute to optimize load balancing and data
distribution.  Unfortunately the MN network lacks compelling content
and the economy is still crude.  But the idea is sound; P2P networks
which reward providers of information should flourish.  The slashdot
quota system is another example.  Also, various "warez" sites work on
an exchange basis, where people get credit for uploading files which
gives them authorization to download.
Imagine if all these systems could be served by a single virtual currency,
where resources and work donated in one forum earned points which would
entitle you to privileges in another.  Eric Hughes proposed something
similar back in the days of the text-based MUD and MOO online games, so
that you could transfer quota from one system to another.  Or consider the
example recently where several people expressed interest in having someone
go back to the early cypherpunk archives and select interesting threads.
What if each of us had some virtual cash we could transfer to whomever
did the work.
The point is that there is a possibility today for an online market in
informal, peer to peer style information services.  There is work to be
done, services to provide which remain entirely in the virtual world.
If you could be rewarded for work you do online with "cash" that would
allow you to request similar services from others, the monetary system
can get off the ground.  This might be a more promising start for a
virtual currency than attempts to tie it immediately to dollars.

@_date: 2001-11-20 17:14:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ecoin.net: anonymous payments today? 
Back in 1999, Steve Lihn posted to cypherpunks and some other mailing
lists about his new online payment system, ecoin.net.  He intended to
work towards a blind coin system based on David Wagner's alternative to
Chaum blinding, as implemented by Ben Laurie in the lucre library.
Surprisingly, he is still in business.  Some recent press releases:
   8/15/01 eCoin OutExchange service is released. You can transfer fund
           to/from PayPal and e-Gold. Login and check it out.
   7/25/01 Anonymous Cash Certificate is released. MMDH is finally in
           commercial use. Login and check it out.
   6/30/01 PayPal Payment Interface is supported. Now you can transfer
           fund from your credit card by PayPal.
   6/25/01 Managed Access Solution is released. Use eCoin to pay your
           subscription!
   1/16/01 eCoin.net announces that e-Gold payment interface is formally
           supported. You will be able to purchase eCoins through your
           e-Gold account!
Sounds like it might be worth it just for the transfer to/from PayPal.
Also could be an alternative way to fund your e-Gold account anonymously.
With the blinding it could be a real anonymous payment system.  Credit
card to PayPal, PayPal to eCoin, transfer eCoin anonymously, then from
eCoin back to PayPal.  Anyone want to try a transfer experimentally?

@_date: 2002-01-31 18:16:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 'Why do they hate us' --maybe its your pigs bothering pilgrims 
Concerns over FBI's checking Haj flights
Updated on 2002-01-26 11:41:34
ISLAMABAD, Jan 26 (PNS): Taking strong
notice of the harassment and unnecessary
checking by FBI from Haj pilgrims at
Karachi Airport, Ministry of Religious affairs
on Friday asked the federal government to
direct the FBI to stop such activities. A senior official of the ministry has strongly
denounced the unnecessary checking of Saudi
Airlines and PIA who have been carrying the Haj
pilgrims at Karachi Airport. He said that during last few days FBI team had questioned from various Haj pilgrims and
needlessly checked the planes, which created great problem for them. ISLAMABAD, January 28 (PNS): United States
has decided to establish a counter of its supreme
intelligence agency Federal Bureau of Intelligence
(FBI) at Islamabad Airport following reports about
involvement of immigration officials in sending the
people abroad especially to United States and
Canada on fake documents.                  Well placed sources told PNS here on Sunday that the
                 US had come to know that some low grade officials of
                 Pakistan immigration authority had formed a very strong network at Islamabad Airport and
                 were sending people abroad on fake passports by taking bribe.                  It is learnt that during last six months such incidents had increased quite rapidly, which
                 forced the US administration to take the decision.                  Sources maintained that two counters of FBI are already working in Lahore and Karachi
                 Airports.                  Investigations reveal that some members of the said network are very influential, as
                 authority had many times transferred them but every time they had stopped their orders and
                 continued to work at the airport.                  Sources further disclosed that these immigration officials had set a rate of 40 to 80
                 thousand rupees for clearance of documents from people.                  Sources were of the view that most of the people were interested to go to United States,
                 Canada and European countries in which they were ready to give millions of rupees bribery
                 to airport officials.                  When FBI came to know about the network, they investigated and observed that some of
                 the officials of immigration authority were involved in corrupt practices.                  Therefore, the US government while taking strong action regarding such incidents asked the
                 Pakistan government to give permission for the establishment of counter at Islamabad
                 Airport.                  Sources said that counter was likely to be established within 15 days at airport to check
                 illegal practices of the officials.                  It is also learnt that FBI team would provide training to Pakistan Immigration officials for
                 the scrutiny of passport and other documents from the passengers.                  Sources said that a large scale reshuffling of officials was also expected in next few days to
                 break the network of such people.

@_date: 2002-01-29 18:46:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "What's A Military Take-over, Daddy?" 
This would be hilarious if not so sick.  Since when did the US
have an obligation to mess with other countries? "Why do they hate us" ---clueless american targets
"Can you say blowback?  I knew you could" Mr bin Rogers

@_date: 2002-04-11 04:26:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: shysters falling through the cracks 
In lieu of Mr. bin Laden, we'll regurgitate what we have:
Got Osama, Ashcroft, anyone ?
I didn't think so.

@_date: 2002-04-10 20:53:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Big wads of grubby cash 
Peter Gutmann  previously stated:
Well, that's what happens when you outlaw money laundering, Peter.
I say money should be laundered regularly. And ironing makes it
fit much more neatly in the wallet. My $0.02.
yrs, etc,
The Neat Freak
"You'll put your eye out!"
         -- Christmas Story

@_date: 2002-04-08 13:59:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: brilliancy 
"Any attacker who can control 100,000 machines is a major force on the
internet, while someone with a million or more is currently unstoppable:
able to launch massively diffuse DDOS attacks, perform needle in a
hayfield searches, and commit all sorts of other mayhem. We already
understand how worms could be used to gain control of so many machines.
Yet the recent revelation that Brilliant Digital Media has bundled a
small trojan with KaZaA has underscored another means by which an
attacker could gain control of so many machines: poorly secured
automatic updaters. If an attacker can distribute his own code as an
update, he can take control of millions of machines. "
So, now, how hard would it be to use this mechanism to upload PGPNet with opportunistic encryption enabled to millions of hosts ?
