
@_date: 2001-09-16 20:27:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CNN.com 
I notice this bullet point in there:
"U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft calls on Congress to amend federal laws so that people convicted of helping terrorists would receive sentences similar to convicted spies."
How might this apply to people hosting crypto code on their webservers, or running remailers or mojonation and freenet nodes?

@_date: 2001-10-01 18:01:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Oracle must die 
I agree.
Last Fri I decided to go with informix (around $7K involved) - and oracle's joining of hysteria was the principal cause. This is the first time ever I made a decision based on non-technical issues.

@_date: 2001-10-05 03:39:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
Again, watch Cnn with care. These are not suicides but attacks using
body. Even if the koran doesn't say: Use your Body For Allah in so many
ways, it's clear that is a valid form of fighting.
Cowardly according to the west. Well, supply I.J / HEZ / HAM with
then. Then we can have a fair and square show down in little israel.
They are in heaven now.

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:39:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: The Martyrdom Videogame 
The christian God is a God of peace.
Doesn't do any good in war, sorry try again.

@_date: 2001-10-05 19:51:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anthrax found in Florida 
A man in Florida has been infected with anthrax, according to the CDC.
But don't freak out, they say. Don't buy a gas mask or antibiotics.
Don't panic. Get back in your cubicle. Keep working. Stay at your
desk. Under no circumstances should you try to find some ciprofloxacin, an
antibiotic which might be useful in treating inhalational anthrax.

@_date: 2001-10-24 05:50:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
The difference between "Wag the Dog" and "The Big Terrorist Hoax" is that the former was done far more professionaly, it cost more and returned no profit at all.
Face it: catalyzing suicidal WTC spectacle and mailing some anthrax probably did not cost more than $10-15 million altogether, and that is what purchased them their wet dream - dictatorship at the dawn of third millenia. One must commend the government for wise spending - this is the most bang for the buck I've ever seen.
Governments *always* killed their own subjects for gain, and the 5K bodies is actually low count for the effect produced. This kind of power shift usually required a major war with 10-100X more bodies.
So, the government is not only economical. It is also humane.

@_date: 2001-11-09 12:57:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: more on Nancy Oden 
british males call eachother cunts all the time.
i'm not sure if this is related.
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Thursday, November 08, 2001 5:51 PM

@_date: 2001-11-16 09:12:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Terrorists to be Tried in Military Tribunal 
Excellent, agent Gordon.
Unconstitutional delineation between "citizens" and "non-citizens" when rights granted by amendments are concerned is just the first step.
Remember jews. The first thing that happened to them was to lose several rights.
Next, the fuhrer's Kabinet will strip citizenship protection from "terrorists*". This will be the byline: "too many terrorists aquired citizenship through perjury".
Next, natural citizens will have to prove their allegiance in order to retain citizenship.
This is, stupid fuck, how things progressed in past. And we are talking here about inferior brainwashing machine (no TV) and relatively educated population in 1930s Germany. It took them 10 years what bushmen will do here in one short year. For they will not waste their time. I'll bet that even Kabinet members are still in disbelief how easy it goes. Maybe they will decide to collapse transamerica in SF just for fun ...
* anyone who doesn't wave flag while rectally penetrated by state officials

@_date: 2001-12-29 02:38:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Las Vegas spore hub 
Members of the 11Sept2001 sleeper cells visited Las Vegas. Among
the many interesting points about Las Vegas are the large numbers of tourists that stay in a very small number of
facilities. Anthrax or some other biological warfare (BW) agent delivered to the casino/hotel systems (through air
circulation systems, HVAC) would expose tens of thousands at a time; most of those individuals would enter the mass
transportation systems (airports, aircraft, trains, buses), spreading the infectious agent/infection, and arriving back at
their home destinations before common incubation periods would become an issue. Yes, the CDC is prepared to deliver
'push-packages' to cities in the U.S., but could it handle tens of thousands of possible cases throughout the entire U.S.
and the world? Could airports and aircraft be decontaminated effectively? The 'test cases' of anthrax through the U.S.
postal system expose the frightening potential of BW agents--the spores persist, travel, and are a trickier problem than
thought. Even with few fatalities, the mass transportation systems of the U.S. would come to a crashing halt.]

@_date: 2001-12-18 22:56:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: CIA in NYC 
Hate is a strong word. Be careful, Peter; John will think you had something to do with the business of it falling down.

@_date: 2001-12-21 22:15:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
If the government put me in charge of subverting the remailer network, I
think the first thing I would do is round myself up a couple of "cypherpunks" (with anti-government, fuck-the-law attitudes) to gain the
respect of the operators of the most stable and popular remailers, and assume control of the remailer software development, infiltrating every node at the source.
Proposing that the remailer network would benefit more from 10 reliable,
properly configured and legally secure remailers than 50 "mosquito
remailers" is a pure statement of fact. Mix-nets need stable nodes. You're
welcome to design a different system that allows anonymous messages to be
transmitted through short-lived temporary nodes, but I doubt it will be
anything like what we're using now.
The best way to ensure the mix-net is going to protect you is for you to
run a remailer. (Better yet, write your own remailer software). The
remailer network should never become an "old boy's club." Anyone with the
ability to maintain a stable remailer must be permitted to join.
Government involvement isn't necessarily a bad thing. I'd happily include both a remailer run by Hamas and a remailer run my the Mossad in my remailer chains.

@_date: 2002-01-21 23:20:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Crypto-Anarchist Activities Control Act ("CAACA") 
>So "Cypherpunks" is a political movement, then? You are cohesive, and, as
Of course, and hereby I officially and under oath declare that I am the
Secretary General of the Cpunk Movement. I have been a member for a long time,
and I know many members personally. I also have a membership Card.
We meet on a regular bases, and the main objective of our meetings, as can be
witnessed by reading of the official agendas, is to make life of Men Who Control
Men With Guns (MWCMWG, aka "government") as miserable and as short as possible.
The main method that we deploy is designing and disseminating weapons (aka "crypto
tools") which make it impossible or hard for MWCMWG to figure out what is going
on among dissenters, sheeple and population in general. The rationale for this is
simple: a blind man is a lousy combatant, and also very funny.
Although many Movement members tend to portray themselves (for the obvious self-
preservation reasons) as patriotic {americans, subjects, french, germans, whatever}
and invoke a shield of paper documents such as law, constitution, MWCMWG official
propaganda and similar, that is just a front. Our ultimate goal is to remove the
primitive social engineering type ("politician") from the gene pool. Some of us
would like to use Pb for this goal, but, as with cockroaches, while crushing is
spectacular and offers instant gratification, the real solution is the slow poison. We, the Movement, are the only credible threat to the state, because we have the
expertise to neutralise the very tools the state hopes will give it eternal power.
You could be sarcastic, but I'm afraid that's just too much to hope for. I think that
you are plain stupid. You stated before that you are a lawyer - so you base your
referent system on MWCMWG rule book whose sole purpose is to keep the system
frozen. I do not doubt your sincerety, and you seem to use that as the argument.
I'm just saying that you have been firmwared beyond ability to comprehend reality.
And the reality will be the ultimate judge. Some history reading may help here. Maybe
you would be interested to find out what happens to those who fail to dis-align
themselves from the Empire on time. I trust that your self-preservation instincts can
overcome the programming.

@_date: 2002-01-18 16:55:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: chinese govt idiocy 
China Orders Internet Providers to         Screen E-Mail, Use Less Foreign                       Software
          By Martin FacklerAssociated Press Writer
                     Published: Jan 18, 2002
      BEIJING (AP) - China has issued its most intrusive Internet controls to  date, ordering service providers to screen private e-mail for political content and  holding them responsible for subversive postings on their Web sites.
 The new rules, posted earlier this week on the Web site of the Ministry of  Information Industry, represent Beijing's latest efforts to tighten its grip on the only  major medium in China not already under state control.
 The regulations also create new difficulties for a competitive industry trying to  attract more overseas investment.
 Foreign software makers must now guarantee in writing that their products do not  contain hidden programs that would allow spying or hacking into Chinese  computers. The rules also require computers playing an important role in Chinese  networks to use only domestic software.
 Many in the industry had hoped for a more liberal climate following China's entry  into the World Trade Organization. But the rules pointed to Beijing's resolve to  keep the Web from being used to spread opposition to Communist Party rule.
 Under the new rules, general portal sites must install security programs to screen  and copy all e-mail messages sent or received by users. Those containing  "sensitive materials" must be turned over to authorities.
 Providers are also responsible for erasing all prohibited content posted on their  Web sites, including online chatrooms and bulletin boards.
 The new rules include a long list of banned content prohibiting writings that reveal  state secrets, hurt China's reputation or advocate the overthrow of communism,  ethnic separatism or "evil cults."
 The last category covers the Falun Gong spiritual movement, which has frequently  resorted to the Internet to defy a harsh two-year crackdown.
 Pornography and violence are also prohibited.
 Authorities have struggled to deal with the Internet since it took off in China in the  mid-1990s. They want to prevent it from becoming a forum for political discontent  without harming its value to business and education.
 China issued its first guidelines on Internet content in late 2000, requiring  providers to monitor online chatrooms and bulletin boards and keep records of  users' viewing times, addresses and telephone numbers.
 In a country where other major media only mouth the party line, the Internet is  often a lively site of impassioned debate. When a fireworks explosion at a  southern Chinese school killed dozens of children last year, a flurry of postings  criticized the official version blaming a lone bomber and repeated foreign news  reports that teachers had forced the children to make firecrackers.
Yeah sure chop chop whatever -just give us access to your billion consumers

@_date: 2002-01-11 18:17:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Prosperity through punishment (was Re: more on procmail is 
Interesting drivel - the art of stating the obvious is live and well.
But the real fun part is that Nature is publishing a pro-AP article, elevating it to the level of "science". That poor sod in jail was just doing applied science, no ?
Of course that people would pay to punish.
(agent Gordon pay attention now !)
9 out of 10 cpunk list subscribers ("The Movement") would contribute, if assured of anonymity, up to $100 to have baby bush's brain aerosoled. 7 out of 10 would pay the same amount to have it done to any TV personality.
Show me the working double-blind bit-cash and I'll show you the world full of extremely polite people.

@_date: 2002-02-12 00:03:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CALEA OPERATIONS -commercial products 
"CALEA OPERATIONS"
       BARTEC's simple, affordable, intelligent solution for CALEA intercepts!
  Click here for a diagram of a typical COPS configuration.
  What Is COPS?
  CALEA Operations (COPS) is BARTEC's solution for the Communications Assistance   for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) which will begin implementation on June 1, 2000.   COPS serves as the primary interface for delivery of J-025 standard messages from the   Telecommunications Service Provider (TSP) to the law enforcement agency (LEA), as   defined in CALEA legislation.
  A COPS workstation consists of:
   BARTEC COPS Software
   PC (configured for COPS specs)
   8 Port Cisco Router / Modem Pool
   100 base T Hub
  How Does COPS Work?
  A COPS workstation supports three critical tasks in the CALEA pen register intercept   environment, as follows:
      "D" and "E" Interface
       CALEA legislation defines "D" and "E" interfaces for telephone surveillance.        The "D" interface is located in the TSP switch or regional facility. The "E"        interface is located at the LEA. The "D" interface will require a TCP/IP wide        area network (WAN) to be established between the TSP and the LEA. The        WAN may be on a dial-up or dedicated private lease line (PVC) that is defined        by the TSP or LEA. To meet interface requirements, the COPS workstation        includes a Cisco router with eight modem ports. Modem ports one to seven are        dedicated for "E" interface - one for each TSP. Modem port eight is reserved        for communication with existing BARTEC devices for analog pen register        intercepts. Remote command and control and automatic downloads for        BARTEC's Micro DNR, SSL-12 Smart Slave and DLP-14/400 Wireless        Intelligent Transmitter will be accessible via port eight. This feature is not        available on any other CALEA intercept system, and will prove important and        useful as telephone surveillance makes the transition from analog to digital        over the next several years.       Compilation
       In a CALEA pen register intercept environment, TSPs will deliver J-025        standard messages, as defined in the CALEA legislation, over a call data        channel (CDC). Each of the modem ports on the Cisco router supports CDC        delivery of data in a number of formats. Analog data received on port will be in        ASCII format. COPS assembles and converts all data in all formats for        compatibility with many different analytical software packages.       of Files and Distribution of Collected Data
       Once data is assembled and converted, it is compiled into files. Once files are        created at the COPS workstation, data can be distributed for analysis or other        CALEA functions. Distribution can take place via the LEA network to a secure        server, on a daily or periodic basis. Data may be loaded manually or on demand        to the server by the LEA network administrator. Analysis software typically        resides on the server.
  In a CALEA wiretap intercept environment, COPS will test J-025 messages received   from the TSP to determine if immediate distribution is required. Messages are routed   through the LEA network to the appropriate BARTEC Digital Audio Recording   Environment (DARE) workstation. At the DARE workstation, analog voice and data   will be assembled by the COPS Micro DNR for real time access by the DNR.
  Why Buy COPS?
   COPS offers multiple CALEA intercept capability and supports both pen register   and wiretap configurations
   COPS can interface with BARTEC analog pen registers/remote devices as telephone   surveillance transitions to CALEA
   COPS offers future expansion to accommodate additional CALEA interfaces
   COPS is affordably priced, allowing even small law enforcement agencies to perform   CALEA intercepts

@_date: 2002-02-01 05:46:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Peace Corps = Human Chaff 
Bush said he wants to double the number of Peace Corps volunteers over the next five years, and asked the group to join "a new effort to encourage development, education and opportunity in the Islamic world."
Yeah, and to cover all those HUMINT folks crawling all over the place
Better put some ice on that, Mrs. Spann

@_date: 2002-02-10 15:47:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment 
First, assassinations work, but must be done properly and on a massive scale.
It's called "war" and it depletes the replacements for sure.
Second, what AP proponents do not realise, is that working AP would greatly
cut the costs incurred by the state, and that the state would be the single
most important user of the AP.

@_date: 2002-03-21 00:52:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Why socialists and commies hang out on this list. 
May I ask you, mof piece of shit, who authorized you to speak for "us".
Or you think that someone other than billions of bacteria in your lower
intestines agrees with your incoherent pseudo-historical drivel ?

@_date: 2002-03-15 09:46:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Blair said he'd put more pigs on the street: Well they're here to see 
Britain's Police Force took to the streets yesterday, protesting new reforms to their
working conditions and the plan to give 'community wardens' the power of arrest.
The Police Federation (the blue union) are also going to petition the European Court
of Human Rights to give them back the right to strike they lost when they signed under
the phrase 'I agree not to strike' on their job applications.
Someone has already pointed out that anyone who doesn't have the right to strike is
a slave; but if they're not happy with their working conditions they can serve notice
at any time.  As the job finder adverts say, _anyone_ is free to "Fire their boss!"
at any time, and _attempt_ to hire a better one.  Strikes and work-to-rule's are
merely one step short of this.
If you don't want to be held to a no-strike contract, DON'T SIGN ONE!  If that means
you will not be permitted to work in certain critical industries, so be it.
Someone will probably flame me to say, "They can't _all_ afford to quit, what about
their children?", or, "We have to have a police force, so EVERYBODY can't refuse to
join, so it can't be _totally_ voluntary.  Thus we must make no strike contracts
illegal for some industries, or they'll have no say in their employment."
But as far as I've heard, no-one's passed any Directive 10-289* or Rush Act**.
When they do, get back to me.  I'll be waiting right here.
* Atlas Shrugged:
  During a national emergency, the government passes a new law requiring workers
  not to quit or strike on pain of imprisonment (amongst other things).
  The government will now organize movement between jobs.
** Babylon 5: Episode 1.12, By Any Means Necessary:
   All critical employees of space stations must sign no-strike-no-quit
   contracts for fixed terms of months; with the option of military force to be
   used against them if they refuse to work.  After cutbacks cost the lives of
   dockworkers in an accident, they succumb to 'blue flu' (organised sick-out).
   An Earth Government Representative declares this to be an illegal strike
   and invokes the Rush Act.
   The Act is rumoured to be named for Rush Limbaugh.
PS. You can probably tell I'm not a big fan of union power.  Why have two bosses     when I can have one?  Still, I'd never be stupid enough to sign a no strike
    contract.
PPS. Along with not wanting to increase the number of people who can legally kidnap      me and detain me against my will, there are two other points I'd like to make      in the cops favour:
    1)	Yesterday's protest had the highest police presense in London for years, and B)	Police Officers won't stand for the kind of shit governments like to pull
PPPPPPPPPPPCPPS. Do I use more references than the Unabomber or what?

@_date: 2002-03-18 22:46:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: CRYPTIC SEDUCTION 
I'll add that to my list, "You know the .com bubble is bursting when..."
Ginger:      "I'm not going to suck your dick Stanley."
Cinemagoer:  "That's it, I want my money back!"

@_date: 2002-03-18 11:02:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: SF BAY CPUNK call for volunteer lecturers 
Nothing here is secret. The goal is just to provide certain anonymity
to those that may wish it.
I cannot authenticate you and therefore secret communication makes no
sense (and you could be Gordon and messaging to your private key has
same legal consequences as e-mailing directly to you, soliciting you
to commit a crime ... is teaching crypto a crime yet ?)
We* plan to start 3-5 weeks from now.
The event will be a series of 2-hour afternoon/evening sessions, with
computer video projector and a whiteboard. The goal is to enable
typical crypto-illiterate computer users to use PGP and disk encryption
software. CDs with free crypto software will be distributed to those that
swear that they are US subjects (we plan to make it requirement for all
attendees - the aim is to educate, not to challenge laws.)
There will probably be 3 sessions - introduction, demonstration, hands-on
with Q & A.
All suggestions welcome.
* "we" is a figure of speech, there are no official organisers

@_date: 2002-05-01 22:21:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Routers] Protesters use cellphones to defeat police cordons 
[Routers] London - Protesters today took heed of the lessons of last
year, where they were corralled into Leicester Square for over six
hours, troublemakers and potential troublemakers both.
Some members of the public we interviewed at the time said, "The
public would never have stood for that 5 years ago. The mass media is
teaching us that 'anti-capitalist demonstration' really means 'riot'
and is manufacturing consent to treat it as other than lawful protest.
That's why I never watch mainstream news."
But a more well-informed citizenry just said, "About bloody time."
Today however the tables were turned. Fearful of confinement in one
area, the protesters split up and moved apparently at random in order
to defeat the authorities attempts to police their movements. Some
protesters were even seen using mobile telephones in order to
co-ordinate their movements and further confuse 'The Man'. "I can't see how these 'sell-phone' companies can be so irresponsible
as to allow potential trouble makers to use their service," said a
random member of the public. Annoyed at finding Harrods closed, she continued, "These newfangled
technologies keep getting invented without a thought for how they will
be used for wrong. After all, look at the Internet. I blame the
When questioned further, the octogenarian biddy admitted she actually
meant scientists.
In response to growing concern over technology outstripping mass
public comprehension, Tony Blair today announced a commission to look
into regulating scientific research, The Quorum to Assess New Growth
For its first decade QUANGO will be chaired by Microsoft.
For their part, the Anti-Capitalist Whackos seem not to be too
concerned by this latest turn. Said one, "Why do you think we always
bring drums, whistles and boat-horns? And then there's always
PS Can the Victoria police please hold mattd a few more hours, I'm not
quite finished cleaning out my spam/troll folder. Thank you.

@_date: 2002-05-05 15:04:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: One of our gunships is missing (Was: Grand Theft Panzer) 
How many 'Screen Names' does BT Internet give you per account, Malcolm?
In the incident you may or may not be referring to, the
A10/Thunderbolt was flying in formation with two other craft, and only
the lead craft had its air traffic control beacon operating.  Neither
of the other two pilots noticed him slip away when he decided to do
his impression of The Great Waldo Pepper.  In this scenario lack of a
'starter button' would have made little difference.
A search was organised to find (and rescue him if need be) but also
worries were expressed about possible kamikaze runs against political
conventions in the area.
We were assured that the aircraft was armed only with practice
Eventually wreckage was found, and IIRC it was eventually decided that
he had killed himself intentionally over homophobic taunting, though I
may have inadvertently swallowed a blipvert.  I'm sorry, but I don't
know the pilot's name.
Most 'fast jets' need over a mile of baby's buttocks smooth runway to
take off, and could not operate from roads (carrier operations
excepted for obvious reasons).  Since the aircraft are tied anyway to
large bases, starter-carts are no great inconvenience.  Internal
starter motors are probably left out for weight, bulk and/or
maintenance reasons.
The A8/Harrier _does_ have an internal starter motor, since it can
park close to the action to refuel and rearm.  Not sure about the
naval variant.
The A10 is also mainly a ground attack/anti-tank aircraft, and with
it's massive wingspan and thus low minimum airspeed probably also has
rough landing field capability, and thus an internal starter.
The new supersonic VTOL joint strike fighter variant will almost
certainly have an internal starter, though it may need to land on
 to avoid sinking into a puddle of bitumen that used to be a
quiet country lane ;-)
[The tank contained no live rounds either]
It's on tonight between 8 and 9pm on channel 5, during "Ultimate
Fighting Machines: Tanks!"
Channel 5 is available thru an aerial in about half of the UK: and to
any other household that hasn't yet used their ITV Digital box for
tank driving practice.
PS - Don't let any of this vital military information fall into the
hands of Al-Qaeda!!!  And most especially don't discuss it on the
dread internet!  Loose MIPS sink ships!  AWOOOOGAH!!!  AWOOOOGAH!!!
Harry Tasker
Computer Salesperson of the Year: 1994-Present.
"Sunset Act my arse!  The sun will never set on the USA Patriot Act. Uncle Sam would never trust his `Patriots' in the dark!"

@_date: 2002-07-10 01:30:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
The question really is:  Suppose one becomes a US citizen, and
then resides outside the US.  Then is money on earned on assets
outside the US taxable by US authorities.
If, on the other hand, after being a resident for a while, and
paying taxes on money earned while in the US, one leaves the US
and resides somewhere else, retaining some US assets, is the money
earned on non US assets taxable?  Is income of a non US resident,
on non US assets, earning non US income taxable?  Would it be
taxable if that person had been so careless as to become a US
citizen during his stay in the US?
So do I get eligible for imperial taxes anywhere in the world
merely by staying in the US a while, having a green card and
paying US taxes, or do I only get eligible for imperial taxes
anywhere in the world by taking US citizenship?

@_date: 2002-07-22 16:41:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: Are the Feds Wimps or What? 
Popularity, or lack thereof, of acts and plans by the government, which the government itself holds secret, provides little support for the "fascisim arising school", nor for the "just looking out for our citizens" school.
We are left to look back to history, and to see if we find any pattern of result from when extensive surveillance power, secret courts, secret detentions, suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, all during an undeclared war. Or we can see if we believe that power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
But beyond this, did you see George W. Bush smile just after 9/11 when he said "This war is going to take a very long time"? Do you recall the popularity of Winston Churchill during WWII, and how he was immediately dumped after the German surrender? Do you recall how the US-Iraq war took Bush I to grand heights of popularity, but by election time, the war was over, there were no heroes marching, and it came down to "it's the economy stupid"? Now what did Bush II learn from this:
Either 1) Make sure that Americans know you are on top of their concerns about the economy and you know how it is affecting everyday people, and keep the economy going strong.
2) Even if there are no attacks on the US by Al Qaeda after 9/11, keep a war hysteria going and show military force as the basis of maintaining wartime support levels from wartime patriotism.

@_date: 2003-12-12 12:52:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Idea: Using GPG signatures for SSL certificates 
Technically this is true, but the only thing that the CA signs is
other keys.  So it merely means that the CA can create certificates on
behalf of anyone the compromisers choose.  It doesnt "compromise" any
existing key or previously issued certificate or even any newly created
key.  In any case, you dont need a CA to use SSL.  (Or more accurately, you
dont need anyone elses CA to use SSL just create your own CA and
issue yourself a certificate. This can be done without a lot of effort
using openssl, for example.)
What exactly does this buy you?  The SSL certification authority system
has as its only (but useful) redeeming value that one can connect to
 and have some level of confidence that the SSL
certificate presented by that site was actually issued to
 and was issued by a "reputable" certification
authority -- one that presumably will not hand out a certificate stamped
 to creditcardscammer
If the certificate presented is not from one of the recognized
"reputable" CAs built into your web browser, SSL itself will still work
but your web browser will pop up a box saying that the CA is not in its
list of "reputable" CAs (and BTW "would you like to connect anyway?
I dont understand the mindless worship of the "web of trust".  PGP
(/GPG) is a useful tool, but the "web of trust" is simply a way of
"certifying" a key in a non-centralized, non-hierarchical way.

@_date: 2003-12-12 12:52:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Idea: Using GPG signatures for SSL certificates 
Technically this is true, but the only thing that the CA signs is
other keys.  So it merely means that the CA can create certificates on
behalf of anyone the compromisers choose.  It doesnt "compromise" any
existing key or previously issued certificate or even any newly created
key.  In any case, you dont need a CA to use SSL.  (Or more accurately, you
dont need anyone elses CA to use SSL just create your own CA and
issue yourself a certificate. This can be done without a lot of effort
using openssl, for example.)
What exactly does this buy you?  The SSL certification authority system
has as its only (but useful) redeeming value that one can connect to
 and have some level of confidence that the SSL
certificate presented by that site was actually issued to
 and was issued by a "reputable" certification
authority -- one that presumably will not hand out a certificate stamped
 to creditcardscammer
If the certificate presented is not from one of the recognized
"reputable" CAs built into your web browser, SSL itself will still work
but your web browser will pop up a box saying that the CA is not in its
list of "reputable" CAs (and BTW "would you like to connect anyway?
I dont understand the mindless worship of the "web of trust".  PGP
(/GPG) is a useful tool, but the "web of trust" is simply a way of
"certifying" a key in a non-centralized, non-hierarchical way.

@_date: 2003-12-16 01:36:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
I am not sure I agree. I am no expert on this however. I saw several people commenting the issue of Geneva convention on CNN during the day. Also I saw an expert on this field from another country commenting on the issue stating that it was a clear violation of the convention. In either of these interviews were there any discussion on whether it didn't apply to this specific case due to what clothings he happened to wear or whattever. I got the impression that it was clear that the U.S. treatment wasn't fully appropriate.
Nietsche quote sought: "Battle not with monsters, lest ye become a monster. And if you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss gazes into you."
I think it's about not becoming evil yourself when you're fighting evil. Pretty applicable, yes. We should not be tempted to act in unlawful and questionable ways. It is sticking by international treaties and handling everyone in accordance to law and human values that separates us from evil men like Saddam. This is a good time to show him and his followers that all men, even those of his sort, are treated equal and given a fair trial as stipulated by the universal declaration of human rights by the UN in 1948. And this by the state they call "the great satan". Behaving like a lynch mob will make us loosers too.

@_date: 2003-12-16 01:36:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
I am not sure I agree. I am no expert on this however. I saw several people commenting the issue of Geneva convention on CNN during the day. Also I saw an expert on this field from another country commenting on the issue stating that it was a clear violation of the convention. In either of these interviews were there any discussion on whether it didn't apply to this specific case due to what clothings he happened to wear or whattever. I got the impression that it was clear that the U.S. treatment wasn't fully appropriate.
Nietsche quote sought: "Battle not with monsters, lest ye become a monster. And if you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss gazes into you."
I think it's about not becoming evil yourself when you're fighting evil. Pretty applicable, yes. We should not be tempted to act in unlawful and questionable ways. It is sticking by international treaties and handling everyone in accordance to law and human values that separates us from evil men like Saddam. This is a good time to show him and his followers that all men, even those of his sort, are treated equal and given a fair trial as stipulated by the universal declaration of human rights by the UN in 1948. And this by the state they call "the great satan". Behaving like a lynch mob will make us loosers too.

@_date: 2003-12-15 12:17:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The U.S. official's way of behaving like Texas rednecks are embarrassing. Not only are they cheering "we got him" like a child who can not withhold his enthusiasm. Displaying Saddam the way they did are also possibly a clear violation of the Geneva convention as far as I can tell.
  What was that quote by Nietsche again?
  One person who actually did behave in a respectable manner was the President. No lame "we got him" or cowboy hats there. At least not this time.

@_date: 2003-12-15 12:17:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The U.S. official's way of behaving like Texas rednecks are embarrassing. Not only are they cheering "we got him" like a child who can not withhold his enthusiasm. Displaying Saddam the way they did are also possibly a clear violation of the Geneva convention as far as I can tell.
  What was that quote by Nietsche again?
  One person who actually did behave in a respectable manner was the President. No lame "we got him" or cowboy hats there. At least not this time.

@_date: 2004-02-23 16:29:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Freematt's review of "A State of Disobedience" By Tom Kratman 
And if you look back, it's clear that 99% if not all repression
in the US comes from exactly that basis -- all the sex laws, porn
laws, drug laws -- the intolerant, hate-filled christian mindset that
says sex is bad, mental freedom is bad, pleasure is bad, the wilderness
is bad and must be tamed, subjegated, and "civilised", that the environment
is for humans alone to exploit, that other religions and cultures are
evil and must be suppressed and "rehabilitated" and re-educated as they
did with the Indians.
   Isn't it time for freedom loving people to wake up and start dealing
with the basic problem in the world and especially the US -- christianity?

@_date: 2004-07-05 19:32:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: UBL is George Washington 
But asymm warfare has to accomplish its goal.  It's not being very
successful.  The only people who are siding with al-qaeda are those whose
brains are already mush -statist socialists, to be precise.  If al qaeda
bombed government buildings or targetted the private residences or offices
of government officials, they might get more sympathy, from me at least.
Destroying an pair of buildings and killing thousands of citizens -most of
whom couldn't give an accurate account of U.S. forces distribution in the
MidEast- is not a step forward.

@_date: 2004-12-07 00:23:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Retinal Scans, DNA Samples to Return to Fallujah 
More useless eaters, in the guise of U.S. soldiers, begging to be
be sent up the chimneys by the displaced, denigrated Fallujans.

@_date: 2004-12-19 05:12:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: [Antisocial] Sept. 11 Conspiracy Theorist 
Major Variola typed:
the proper pejorative is "'Merkin."
which fedscum, do you have a mentionable source, &c.?
reminds of the Reno quote, "They have computers and... other weapons of mass

@_date: 2004-12-21 22:47:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: RAH's postings. 
RAH, if you want to anonymize a quoted email, it helps if you remove the
P.T., there's not much technical discussion here.  Stick to cryptography-l
if you don't care about streetside auto repair.
