
@_date: 2001-09-26 12:31:35
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: FAA new rules and the nEW gEStApo (was Nail clippers 
Hmm lets outlaw gelatin capsules on the grounds that they facilitate
turning human finger and toenails  very hard and allow the use of same
as weapons(it does NOT take very much to tear the caratoid artery open)
same for toothpicks and teeth....
rolled up magazines facilitate lethal nerve strikes and
dont get me started on pens/pencils, chopsticks and forks :)
    anon

@_date: 2001-10-07 01:08:44
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: BBC: US launches 'anti-terror' satellite 
US launches 'anti-terror' satellite
United States has launched a satellite which intelligence analystssay will
probably be used to gather information in the global campaignagainst terrorism.The
Titan IV rocket was launched from Vandenberg airforce base inCalifornia on
behalf of the US National Reconnaissance Office, asecretive agency specialising
in providing information for the CIA andthe National Security Agency.The rocket
is believed to have been carrying a top secret KH-11 spysatellite - that could
monitor Afghanistan ahead of an expected militarystrike.The US Air Force refused
to comment on the payload, but the NRO buildsand operates America's spy satellites
and specialises in gatheringpictures and electronic data, such as telephone
conversations on theground.Pin-point accuracyExperts from Aviation Week and
Space Technology Magazine said thesatellite was likely to be equipped with
a digital camera able to pickout objects as small as 10 cm (4 inches) across
on the ground.Orbiting hundreds of miles above the earth the 15 tonne KH-11
is capableof tracking small groups of people walking on the ground as well
asvehicle and weapons movements.It can monitor conversations and even spot
campfires at night usinginfrared technology.Identifying the enemyAccording
to Aviation Magazine such information could be used to monitorthe movements
of Taleban groups and refugees to help allied forcesseparate potentially hostile
groups from "non-combatants".The United States is believed to have spy satellites
over Afghanistanalready as US forces continue to build up nearby ahead of expectedmilitary
strikes.Before 1996 the NRO did not publicly disclose the launches of itssatellites.

@_date: 2002-01-31 01:06:56
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: Linux on your PS2 
cryptorelevence: a new platform running an inspectable OS
Sony to Sell Linux Kits for Playstation 2
TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp (news - web sites). said on
Wednesday it would start selling Linux (news - web sites) operating
system kits for Linux programmers around the globe in coming months
to allow Linux applications to run on its PlayStation 2 (news - web
sites) game console.
                The consumer electronics giant said it would begin selling disks to
                install the Linux operating system (OS) on PlayStation 2 and tools to
                develop Linux applications.
                The kits will go on sale in Japan in May and in the United Sates and Europe in June.
                ``Many Linux fans have requested that they would like to execute applications not only on personal
                computers but also on PlayStation game consoles,'' a Sony spokeswoman said.
                The kits will cost $188.30 in Japan, $299 in the United States and $215 in Europe.
                Linux, which competes with Microsoft Corp.'s (Nasdaq:MSFT - news) Windows, is an open-source
                model and has become a popular master computer program.
                Sony aims to expand the role of PlayStation as a platform and allow more applications such as
                word-processing.
                Sony said the kits also included a internal hard disk drive with 40 gigabytes and USB keyboard and
                mouse.
                Sony shares closed down 2.2 percent at 5,790 yen on Wednesday, in line with the benchmark Nikkei
                (^N225 - news) which ended down 1.3 percent, breaking below the 10,000 yen level for the first
                time since October 10.

@_date: 2002-01-15 16:44:46
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: Blueberry encryption for boston pigs? 
We are interested in the 'encryption' used in these
over-the-air queries...
Handhelds Join Handcuffs at Boston     Airport in Fight Against Terrorism
           By Leslie MillerAssociated Press Writer
                     Published: Jan 15, 2002
      BOSTON (AP) - A pager-sized device that's more likely to be found in a  Wall Street briefcase than on a state trooper's belt may take its place in the war  against terrorism.
 Logan International Airport is the first in the nation to test the BlackBerry as an  electronic gateway to state and federal criminal databases, giving law  enforcement officers the kind of immediate information resource they've longed for,  but lacked.
 The wireless devices, made by Waterloo, Ontario-based Research in Motion  since 1999, are ubiquitous in the corporate world, particularly by businesspeople  who spend a lot of time away from their desks and need to check e-mails or surf  the World Wide Web.
 The BlackBerries being tested at Logan are packaged with software that lets  officers send encrypted queries to state and federal databases over a wireless  network and get responses in less than a minute.
 State trooper Barry Newell carries his BlackBerry on patrols around Logan. With  the device, Newell can check whether a suspicious person is on the FBI's terrorist  watch list - without using a radio, dispatcher, cruiser or computer.
 "The beauty of this system is you can do it yourself," Newell said.
 Logan officials are using the system as part of their effort to strengthen security  after 10 terrorists boarded two passenger jets on Sept. 11 and crashed them into  the World Trade Center.
 The BlackBerry patrols began two months ago after Aether Systems Inc., which  makes the PocketBlue software, offered to let Logan try the $89-a-month devices  for free. Aether said airports in three other major cities are considering similar  tests, but declined to say where.
 At Logan, 10 troopers who'd been trained in counterterrorism were taught to scroll  through the BlackBerry's menu and send simple queries to a distant computer  about a suspect's criminal history. A "hit" automatically sends an alarm to other  troopers carrying a BlackBerry.
 It's more efficient than a phone or radio query.
 "If you go and ask for a couple of registration checks through a dispatcher, they'll  get a little upset because you're adding to the workload," said Gerald Burke,  director of the New England Law Enforcement Management Institute.
 Newell said he's identified several stolen cars in Logan's parking using the device.
 Whether the BlackBerries could have helped prevent the terrorist attacks isn't  clear because the watch list only came into being after Sept. 11, FBI  spokeswoman Gail Marcinkiewicz said.
 "There was intelligence information out there," she said. "But the watch list as we  know it, as of Sept. 11, that format did not exist."
 State Police Capt. Thomas Robbins, Logan's interim public safety director, thinks  the BlackBerry-toting troopers may become a permanent fixture at the airport,  which is trying everything from facial recognition systems to training ticket agents  to recognize suspicious activity.
 Aether's PocketBlue software was launched in June and is now being used by law  enforcement agencies in seven states, said David Grip, marketing director for the  mobile government division of the company, which has headquarters in Owings  Mills, Md.
 "Since Sept. 11, there's now a focus within airports and port authorities to use the  product," he said, adding Logan is the first airport to try it. Law enforcement  agencies are also using the software in Ohio, Florida, California, Minnesota and  the District of Columbia, he said.
 There may be a market for the software, but, "there's a little bit of a feeding  frenzy," said Tim Quillin, an analyst with Stephens Inc. in Little Rock, Ark.
 Federal transportation officials are open to the experiment.
 "We're interested and looking at anything that might improve transportation  security," said Paul Takemoto, spokesman for the Transportation Security  Administration.

@_date: 2002-01-15 19:02:21
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: Content protection plan targets wireless home networks 
Valenti & other mafioso worried about wireless (consumer fair use) broadcasting
"Content protection plan targets wireless home networks"

@_date: 2002-01-19 23:51:16
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: Re: Disease vectors. 
"our" ???
Who are "you", agent Farr ?
Or if you meant "we", where did you find justification (other than your handlers brainwashing) to include me in "we" ?
I, in particular (and many other Cpunk Movement members) do not consider People That Control Armed Men to be "us" and will not identify their snitching capabilities with my well-being.

@_date: 2002-03-19 03:16:11
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: More lies from Jimbo 
Reply to: no reply address
Jimbo you said you started this list this is a lie.
You have been asked by many on the list to stop your silly posting
of news we have seen before.
It has come to a time when most people have you in their kill file
But you keep on posting are you now like Matthew using this list for your own storage.
If your so proud of this list that you want to claim ownership,
why do you fill it with your garbage.
Warning - this message generated from an anonymous web form <  >, senders name and email address may not be valid or may be forged

@_date: 2002-03-31 07:23:01
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: IWAR Threat Model 
Reply to: no reply address
from our collegues villifying nor praising crypto/remailers etc.. in the operational world of information warfare.  Warning - this message generated from an anonymous web form <  >, senders name and email address may not be valid or may be forged

@_date: 2002-07-03 15:48:00
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: Re: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA) 
Do you really think that DRM systems could eliminate cypherpunk
applications?  Have you thought this through in detail?  Please expand
on it.
How many kinds of software would have to be eliminated for this to
be true?  What constitute "cypherpunk applications"?  In how many forms
could they be written and distributed?
What kind of world would be necessary for DRM systems to actually be in
use for the purpose of eliminating cypherpunk applications?

@_date: 2002-07-01 00:25:31
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: Re: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA 
Ryan Lackey provides a detailed analysis, but he gets off to a bad start
right at the beginning:
So DRM systems are evil?  Why?  What makes them evil?  There is no
justification offered for this claim!  Are we all supposed to accept it
as obvious?
And note that when someone says X is true, especially when Y, they also
mean that X is true even if not Y.  Therefore, Ryan is claiming that DRM
systems embedded in general purpose computers, even if not mandated, even
if not implemented in the most secure manner, even if not in a closed
manner, are evil.  That is, even voluntary and not all that secure DRM
systems are evil!
How can any software which people adopt voluntarily be evil?  If Alice
releases music with DRM restrictions, and Bob runs DRM compliant software
to play it, which of them is evil?  Is it Alice, for releasing her music
with restrictions?  Is it just because she encoded them in a file format,
or is it evil to release any creative product and ask people not to
copy it freely?  Or is Bob evil, for voluntarily choosing to run DRM
compliant software in order to listen to Alice's music?  Or perhaps the
software developer is the evil one, for giving people more options and
choices in the world?
One other point must be mentioned while we wait for clarification:
Are we to read this as an endorsement of the "wanting-widespread-piracy
standpoint"?  Is the implicit assumption here that widespread piracy
is GOOD???  Well, that would certainly explain why DRM is evil in
Ryan's eyes.
If so, in Ryan's ideal world, every creative artist has no choice but
to do nothing, or release their works with permission that anyone can
copy them for free.  This is not just an unfortunate consequence of
technological reality, in this view.  It is an outcome to be desired and
even fought for, to the extent that voluntary technologies which would
give people other options must be opposed from the beginning.
The only evil here is the viewpoint that people must not have choices,
that they must be forced into a Communist from-each-according-to-his-
ability system where creative people have no choice or control over the
products of their minds.  Surely a libertarian such as Ryan can see the
horrific evil involved in taking away freedom and choice from creative
people, and he will clarify his words above.
