
@_date: 2015-10-29 01:00:49
@_author: nonomos 
@_subject: Re: Shiny stuff and designer societies 
No pun intended though, keep on raging! But I would stop using fascism
for every injustice. When there's a case of fascism, let's use the
f-word. Using it too often makes it less powerfull.
On Thu, 29 Oct 2015 00:07:57 +0000

@_date: 2015-10-28 21:41:01
@_author: nonomos 
@_subject: Re: Shiny stuff and designer societies 
Am I the only one who gets an automatic grin on his face when he/she
sees Juan posted something? On Wed, 28 Oct 2015 16:57:38 -0300

@_date: 2015-11-24 12:35:40
@_author: nonomos 
@_subject: Re: Reaching the Sheeple, Building a Cpunk Symbiot Army 
Truecrypt, great choice!
The new hackerspace's location in Brussels is in Molenbeek. Perhaps not
too opportune to organize cryptoparties there now..

@_date: 2017-02-09 14:50:07
@_author: No 
@_subject: Hypernormalisation 
aka inception asto propaganda about propaganda +_+
Opinions about ^
let's see how long it takes before the usual suspects start bashing
eachothers worldviews. nazis, nazis everywhere and oh hitler and ... sigh

@_date: 2017-03-26 10:30:54
@_author: No 
@_subject: Re: [From offlist] Re: FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot 
Constructive discussion isn't really the strong suite of anyone on this
list, is it? Perhaps try not to get offended at your first impression of
your reading, interpret as positively as possible and stop your emotions
from controlling your responses.
Or just stick with the crypto ;-)

@_date: 2017-05-17 16:39:27
@_author: No 
@_subject: Re: how to best organise a large community "important" books library? 
You only need one book!
Not true, but still a good read.

@_date: 2017-09-03 11:26:16
@_author: No 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Inadequacies / Why the 60's failed 
A pro-situ critique of "hippie" life written by Contradiction in April
Best critique I've read so far on the 60's hippie culture.

@_date: 2017-11-18 10:04:36
@_author: No 
@_subject: Re: Stingray warrant 
Who catches the IMSI catchers? Researchers demonstrate Stingray
detection kit
Posted Jun 2, 2017 by Devin Coldewey
Next Story
Storyzy is a quote verifier that wants to skewer fake news
Who catches the IMSI catchers? Researchers demonstrate Stingray
detection kit
IMSI catchers, devices used to spoof cell towers and intercept
communications, are one of the most resented open secrets of law
enforcement. Strict non-disclosure agreements prevent them from being
acknowledged as existing, let alone being used — but researchers think
they’ve found a way to spot the shady signal-snatchers.
The devices, colloquially called Stingrays after a common model, work by
sending out signals much like cell towers do; cell phones connect,
identify themselves and send information like texts and calls through
the fake tower, creating a sort of mobile wiretap. Critics have argued
that innocent people’s data is caught up in this dragnet, but law
enforcement has been less than forthcoming owing to gag orders from the
companies that provide the devices.
What’s needed is an independent method of identifying IMSI catchers in
the wild. That’s what University of Washington researchers Peter Ney and
Ian Smith have attempted to create with SeaGlass.
“Up until now the use of IMSI-catchers around the world has been
shrouded in mystery, and this lack of concrete information is a barrier
to informed public discussion,” explained Ney in a UW news release.
“Having additional, independent and credible sources of information on
cell-site simulators is critical to understanding how — and how
responsibly — they are being used.”
The team put together a sort of super-powered wardriving setup that uses
a “bait phone,” GSM modem, GPS unit, Wi-Fi hotspot and other wireless
doodads packed into a single box. These devices monitor and record the
wireless signals they encounter. In order to cover as much area as
possible, boxes were attached to 15 vehicles being used by rideshare
drivers in Seattle and Milwaukee.
The baseline map shown as it grew; red signals are stronger and more
Over a period of two months, the kits collected a baseline of wireless
activity, including known towers, private signals and so on. But sifting
through the data revealed some suspicious outlier signals.
One signal source, for instance, changed six times over the two months
the frequencies on which it transmitted — unlike 96 percent of sources
detected. Five of those frequencies were only able to be detected within
1,500 feet of the building.
One might write this off as a test or nanocell, except for the fact that
this particular source happens to be located in or around an immigration
services building run by Homeland Security. Could that be a Stingray, in
position to target recent immigrants? The data is consistent with that
hypothesis, but more data is needed to be sure.
The building in question, indicated by a diamond, produced many normal
signals (green), but suspicious ones at close range (other colors)
“We want to be careful about our conclusions,” cautioned Smith. “We did
find weird and interesting patterns at certain locations that match what
we would expect to see from a cell-site simulator, but that’s as much as
we can say from an initial pilot study.”
At the very least it also provides advocates and journalists with
something to work with. In attempting last year to discover whether
Seattle police were using Stingrays, I found myself lacking in pointed
questions to ask: although I received an unequivocal “no,” rather than a
brush-off, it would have been nice to have something specific in mind,
like a location or operation. I may just ask DHS about the suspicious
signal mentioned above.
Unfortunately, the team wasn’t able to get their hands on an actual IMSI
catcher to ground-truth these findings — the devices are jealously
guarded by their keepers and information about them is really only
available through leaked documents and the occasional missed redaction.
Smith told me in an email that they did, however, roll their own
Stingray-esque device based on what they know of how the things work.
Researchers Peter Ney (left) and Ian Smith
The detection kits contained around $500 worth of parts, all of which
are specified in the paper describing the work. Smith suggested the cost
could come down with scale, though.
“We’re eager to push this out into the community and find partners who
can crowdsource more data collection and begin to connect the dots in
meaningful ways,” he said.
Transparency advocates would love to have a working system like this,
certainly, though it must also be said that the criminal element would
find it useful too. But that’s the case with any tool, including IMSI
You can find out more about the tool or explore the data the team has
collected at the SeaGlass site.
