
@_date: 2004-10-30 23:12:02
@_author: noreply@bulkleads4sale.com 
@_subject: Get 88 Lines For Â£5 On The National Lottery 
WIN THE NATIONAL LOTTERY THE EASY WAY....
We Give You A 702% Greater Chance Of Winning The UK Lotto 3,600% Greater Chance Of Winning The EuromillionsBut before I explain the amazing benefits, pleasefeel free to enter our FREE draw to win £1000Click HERE To Enter!! Your Personal Card (s) If you DON'T have one of these yet...it's definitely time you did! Malcolm Horsey Cheltenham. UK. ”Since I joined VWD not only have I had more lotto wins than I’ve ever had before, I’m actually earning substantial extra income showing friends how to play for FREE”.
Paul Veverka, England, UK In my 8 years of searching for a way to supplement my income, Virtual World Direct has proved to be the most exciting and unique opportunity. From the moment I joined, I knew this was something special. Weekly wins keep happening and I'm also getting paid for introducing others to the e-Lottery system. Now I'm now earning the equivalent of a good full-time income. Customer service is first class and the literature and website are fantastic . It's truly amazing that this is all happening for only £5.00 a week!"
Colin Mitchell , England, UK
Within three months of playing the e-Lottery system I had four Lottery wins and £2,846.95 deposited into my Virtual World Direct account. It's not just about winning big but winning regularly. Dan Valter, Canada I joined Virtual World Direct at the end of 2002 and since then I've been a winner dozens of times and seen my business grow between 9 and 20% every month. Now my commissions add up to more than an average employee makes in salaries. The VWD programme is simple, completely global and FUN. The websites and the functionality work Brilliantly. The concept is unique and without competition and the management (Tom and Len) are wise and considerate and on top of significant growth. I am looking forward to many years of prosperity, enjoyment and co-operation with VWD. Maureen Bell, England Since joining the e-lottery multi win syndicate system – with which £5 entered me into BOTH the Wednesday and Saturday draw – I have won an amazing 12 times. My partner has won 4 times and my two cousins in Australia won £245 after being in only 10 days. Now because of the amazing rewards system we are all entered into the Wednesday and Saturday draw FREE of charge. This really is a business for EVERYONE! Most people play the lottery – why not join a system that gives them 88 lines a week that COSTS £5 instead of £88 and a guaranteed WINNING number. Why have this card? Here are Seven great reasons
Here is the first reason… If you personally had 44 single line entries in the UK National Lotto on Wednesday and Saturday the cost per week would be £88.00, but with this little card, you receive 88 single line entries in a multi-win e-lottery syndicate for just £5.00.
Here's the second reason... you win a unique e-lottery prize by matching just two main lotto draw numbers.
Here’s the third reason... you win more than the usual £10.00 when you match three main lotto draw numbers.
Here’s the fourth reason... you win lots more than playing on your own when you match four main lotto draw numbers.
Here’s the fifth reason ... when you match four main lotto draw numbers plus the bonus ball the difference in winnings is enormous.
Here’s the sixth reason ... You can play from ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD!
Click here to watch the e-lottery multi-win syndicate movie!
If you were playing on your own in the UK National Lotto on the 28-08-2002 and matched four numbers and the bonus ball you would have won the four-ball prize of £56.00.
Playing the same numbers in the winning VWD e-lottery multi-win syndicate EACH member received £2,843.67. (Actual VWD syndicate win on the 28-08-2002)
I guess you must be ready to get your card now!Okay, here is the seventh reason...Just 5 balls scoops the jackpot!
The next multi-win syndicate card could have your name on it!
Click here to watch the e-Lottery movie
And get your numbers entered, today!
If you DO want another reason, introduce just 5 members yourself and you play for FREE! Continue to introduce members and get further additional FREE Multi-win syndicate entries and benefit from ongoing residual income with the VWD Rewards Program.
YES - I WANT MY CARD NOW, AND TO BECOME A PLAYERYES - I WANT MY CARD NOW, AND TO BECOME AN AFFILIATE! Still Not Convinced? Well How Easy Do You Think It Is To Build...
An Online Business and generate a Genuine Residual Income?
The answer may surprise you! Click here to watch movie!
But consider this for just a moment!
Do you think you could ‘make money’ with a product that is…
Presented to 7 Million people on primetime TV by a popular celebrity twice a week Purchased by Millions every day Turns dreams into reality Delivered INSTANTLY Is FREE once you have referred just 5 members …the odds are stacked heavily in your favour that say you can!
What is it? Click here to watch movie!
Well before we answer that - let's look at what it's NOT! The business you are about to see is… NOT - Expensive to start or maintain
NOT - Exclusive to a small clientele NOT - Limited to geographical location NOT - Limited to just those people who own a PC NOT - Rocket Science VWD have created an incredible business opportunity based upon the UK National Lotto Main Game with a referral marketing plan available for those who wish to be more than just a player and develop unlimited income potential.People WORLDWIDE are now enjoying a residual income by promoting the amazing E-Lottery system to their friends and family, and are adding to that income by winning Cash Prizes on the UK National Lotto.
Ask yourself one question!
How many people do YOU know who play a National Lottery - week in, week out?
Show them a better way!
With VWD - your friends, family and colleagues can enjoy playing the UK National Lotto from the comfort of their armchair with ALL THESE ADDED BENEFITS.
No trudging to the shops, standing in queues or lost tickets
Odds as low as 1 in 13 88 entries a WEEK for just £5.00 Unique prizes not featured in the UK Lotto including a 2 ball win
Hit the JACKPOT with just 5 numbers
Win more with the e-lottery than if you play on your own
Play for FREE through the VWD Rewards programme
Results by E-Mail with winnings paid out immediately
Plus, Plus, Plus – Watch the 3 minute movie for more details!
What's More there are around 20 Million People a week actively playing the UK National Lotto with many more worldwide.
The UK National Lotto is one of the most prestigious, tax free, lump sum lotteries in the world and its popularity is immense.All of them would like to know how to get the advantage and phenomenal playing power of the e-lottery system by joining VWD! So click the link below and start enjoying a better way to play the UK National Lotto and gain an easy way to build an online business!
YES! – Show me a Better Way to Play and Earn!
So what are you waiting for, get signed up for the life you've always wanted! Trevor Edwards Independent Member 
Still Not Convinced? How About A 100% Risk-Free Test Drive? Want to see how the e-Lottery Syndicate© Multi-Win System and the VWD Rewards Programme handles under your full control, and see with your own eyes everything she's got under her hood before making your final decision?
Good idea... We're so convinced that you'll love what you see, hear, touch, and feel, that if for ANY reason you are not 100% satisfied, just let us know within 14 days and we will refund every single penny, no bureaucratic fuss, no questions asked, just respect for your request and a "thanks for giving the e-Lottery Syndicate© Multi-Win System a try".
A Last Warning: You are one tiny click away from easily playing 124 potentially life changing lotto draws each week for free. Perhaps even starting an incredible home business that really works. Do you dare consider where you will be in one short year based on this one, simple, "click" decision?
VWD winnings to date:2458 syndicate wins and 120442 individual wins from only 228 lotto draws
VWD and the multi-win syndicate system comply fully with the National Lotto terms and conditions of play. Please Note: The '£5,000 income per month' is only one possible income you could achieve if enough of your syndicate's numbers come up in the UK lotto draws, or if your team expands large enough. VWD nor myself claim, in any way, that you will make money by becoming a member. You may make a lot, you may not make a penny. This is NOT a get rich quick scheme.
