
@_date: 2004-06-29 19:18:23
@_author: The Literary GuildÂ® 
@_subject: Choose A Bestseller On Us (With Membership) 
Read the perfect novel about the perfect wives...The Stepford Wives
Now a major motion picture
"A marvel," says Stephen King
GET THIS BOOK FREE PLUS 5 MORE BOOKS FOR $2!
Tell me more Do you know any Stepford wives? Are you one? For Joanna, her husband, Walter, and their children, the move to lovely Stepford seems too good to be true. It is. For behind the town’s idyllic façade and seemingly perfect, beautiful housewives lies a secret so frightening no one who encounters it will ever be the same.
Back by popular demand and now a major film release, this "modern classic" from internationally bestselling author Ira Levin (Rosemary’s Baby, The Boys from Brazil) is a masterpiece of psychological suspense and a savage commentary on a society that values the pursuit of youth and beauty-at all costs.   Choose from today’s bestsellers at the best prices, including:
The Taking by Dean Koontz
The Heart Is A Lonely Hunter - As seen on Oprah® - by Carson McCullers
Glorious Appearing by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The South Beach Diet Cookbook by Arthur Agatston, M.D.
Enjoy your favorite authors and biographies, children’s books & more. Save up to 50% off publishers’ edition prices when you join The Literary Guild®.
Get The Stepford Wives FREE plus 5 more books for $2 with membership
Click now Shop risk-free with your satisfaction assured
To unsubscribe, click here Member Services, 1225 South Market Street, Mechanicsburg, PA  17055
If you wish to not receive this newsletter follow this link:
To send us a letter by US Mail to not receive this newsletter please send all correspondence to:
Newsletter Dept. PO Box 812274 Boca Raton, FL 33481-2274
Lga Stepwives
To unsubscribe click hereMember Services, 1225 South Market St., Mechanicsburg, PA 17055
If you wish to not receive this newsletter follow this link
To send us a letter by US Mail to not receive this newsletter please send all correspondence to:
Newsletter Dept. PO Box 812274 Boca Raton, FL
