
@_date: 2004-03-11 13:25:08
@_author: EnXnet 
@_subject: EnXnet announces new video solutions 
EnXnet Inc.
OTCBB: EXNT
Current Bid: .50
Current Ask: .55
Shares Outstanding: 24,226,800 Estimated Float: 6,473,800
Company Profile: 
    EnXnet, Inc. specializes in media replication, disc security, media     compression technologies and interactive DVD/CD players.     Company Products:      DVDPlus:     This is a unique disc that combines a DVD movie on one side and a CD on the     other. This allows the user to have the movie and the soundtrack on the same     disc thus providing a whole new channel of media delivery to the public.      Our DVDPlus product can deliver DVD video, DVD audio, CD audio, and     interactive CD-ROM/Internet applications and content, all on one disc. 
    DSTag (Disc     Tag): This patent pending technology allows CD and DVD manufacturers to     embed anti-theft encoding inside the disc itself. The advantage of this is     that the anti-theft feature cannot be removed by thieves.  EnXnet plans to     market DSTag by licensing the technology to individual manufacturers.  This     technology will also provide additional protection against counterfeiting.
    EnXCase:     This is a unique shaped disc case developed by the Company specifically for     DVDPlus that has a built-in anti-theft device. The EnXCase     has a rounded shape reminiscent of a Wurlitzer JukeBox.
    ClearVideo:      ClearVideo utilizes fractal digitization for video compression     creating the smallest file possible while virtually duplicating the quality     of the original.  The Company markets and licenses ClearVideo     technology to third parties, and offers video compression and content     production services as well as manufacturing, duplication and replication of     traditional optical media (CDs and DVDs). This proprietary product is     protected by over 20 underlying patents.
    EnXDeck:     This is the Companys latest product, a stand-alone DVD/CD player that not     only incorporates the latest in audio, video and interactive internet     technologies, but has the added feature of EnXnets ClearVideo decoder     embedded in the system.  This product offers the IT, educational and     corporate training industries a much needed and improved system.  It allows     a user to perform corporate training, testing, data storage, and on-line     interactive functions.
    These technologies and products have real world and immediate applications     worldwide. Theft of Movie and Music discs results in billions of dollars of     lost revenues and EnXnet has real solutions to these problems.  The DVDPlus     technology could revolutionize how people buy movies and music.  There is an     ever growing demand for these solutions and they are now available from     EnXnet. The Company is moving out of the Research and Development phase and     is prepared to move these exciting products to the market.  EnXnet is     working on strategic partnerships that will allow market acceptance of its     products at an accelerated pace.
     Take advantage of this opportunity before it explodes on to the     marketplace!
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Remove     from list and future newsletters
    Postal removal to: Stock     Newsletters
7491     N.Federal Hwy C5251
Boca Raton,     FL 33487
    The information contained herein is not guaranteed by BCM to be accurate,     and should not be considered to be all-inclusive. The companies that are     discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this     opinion. This opinion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks     and uncertainties. A company's actual results could differ materially from     those described in any forward-looking statements or announcements discussed     herein. This material is for informational purposes only and should not be     construed as an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities.     BCM is not a licensed broker, broker dealer, market marker, investment     banker, investment advisor, analyst or underwriter. Please consult a broker     before purchasing or selling any securities. BCM has been compensated by     third party shareholders or with cash from a third party on behalf of one or     more of the companies mentioned in this opinion. BCM has received three     thousand two hundred and fifty dollars for this newsletter. BCMs     affiliates, officers, directors and employees may also have bought or may     buy the shares discussed in this opinion and may profit in the event those     shares rise in value. BCM will not advise as to when it decides to sell and     does not and will not offer any opinion as to when others should sell; each     investor must make that decision based on his or her judgment of the market.
