
@_date: 2004-07-16 20:58:35
@_author: "Tyler Durden" 
@_subject: RE: We werent doing anything wrong 
AFAIK, citizens are still free to arrest anyone they see comitting a crime, however dangerous to one's health :)
It might be much more effective for some terminally ill 'demonstartors' to use some sort of difficult to detect explosives that they could detonate if an attempt were made to arrest them for asserting their right to free speeech.

@_date: 2004-07-16 19:53:18
@_author: alphabetically 
@_subject: Blast from the past: USENET Transport Binding for SOAP 1.1 
USENET Transport Binding for SOAP 1.1 10 February 2002 Authors (alphabetically): Sister Tornado Copyright© 2002 Sister Tornado. Reproduce with credit at will.

@_date: 2004-07-08 23:23:16
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Rising Sun has Risen 
Michael Crichton predicted in Rising Sun that digital imaging technology would make photographs and video irrelevant in court cases. It took 11 years for his prediction to come true.

@_date: 2004-07-01 20:07:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Anonymous safe deposit boxes in Las Vegas 
Elliot Shaikin sells privacy. But he doesn't accept credit cards.
Shaikin is the founder of Sovereign Solutions, a 3-year-old Las Vegas company that provides individuals and corporations with confidential, anonymous and untraceable personal security vaults. Clients of Sovereign Solutions need not reveal their address, telephone number, driver's license number, Social Security number, credit card number or even their name. All clients of Sovereign Solutions need to access their security vault any time of the day or night, is a personal pin code, an iris scan and a two keys. Clients must pay in cash.
"Checks and credit cards leave a paper trail," Shaikin said.
Clients can also rest assured their valuables are secure: Sovereign Solutions is outfitted like Fort Knox.
"This place is bulletproof, fireproof and bombproof," Shaikin said.
For starters, the company headquarters -- tucked in a nondescript shopping plaza on East Sunset Road -- is encased in a material that Shaikin said will stop a bullet. The interior walls and doors are made of the same material, and the glass on the windows is also bulletproof.
Visitors must pass through a metal detector immediately upon entering. In order to gain access to the vaults, clients must first undergo an iris scan, a proven, safe and irrefutable identification system. That will get them through the first set of doors.
Once inside the small intermediary chamber -- which is equipped, as is the vault itself, with motion and sound sensors on the walls, floor and ceiling -- clients must enter their five-digit personal pin number, which is assigned privately and retained exclusively by clients. This gets them into the inner chamber where Sovereign Solutions' 4,000 security boxes are stored. For security reasons, there are cameras inside the vault, but there are also two private viewing rooms for customers who wish to be alone with their valuables.
Sovereign Solutions Owner: Elliot Shaikin Founded: 2000 Industry: Personal security vaults Location: 3110 E. Sunset Road Work force: Eight There are only two keys made for each of Sovereign Solutions' security boxes -- which come in six sizes and range in price from $120 to $400 annually -- and clients keep both of them.
"There are three things we tell every client," Shaikin said. "First, give us the name of a trustee in case you have an accident. Second, don't lose the keys. It costs $150 to get a locksmith, and the client and one of our employees have to be present in order for the locksmith to open the box. And number three, don't put anything in there that's illegal. We tell it to them point blank up front. I've had people walk out the front door and leave."
So how did Shaikin -- who previously built 15 strip shopping centers and four industrial buildings in California -- get into the business of providing privacy?
Call it a bad banking experience.
"My daughter came to visit me and the only thing she brought was an electronic airline ticket," he said. "I took her into a bank and wanted her to sign on a safe deposit box and they wouldn't let her sign unless she had the ingredients -- a driver's license, a Social Security card and a credit card. So I got mad and called the manager over."
The manager, he said, was of little help, upholding the bank's policy that required multiple forms of identification.
"So I sent my daughter out to the car, got some bags out of the trunk, went back inside, emptied the safety deposit box and put the key on the counter," he said.
He then closed his account with the bank and demanded his more than $10,000 in cash. When the bank balked, saying the facility didn't have the funds on hand, Shaikin threatened to call the news media. Twenty minutes later, an armored car arrived with the money.
Shaikin got his cash -- and the inkling of an idea for a better way to store valuables.
"I went to see some people I respected in the legal community and they did some research and said there was no law or regulation against what I was thinking of doing," said Shaikin, who launched the company using personal funds in the upper six digits.
So what happens if Sovereign Solution is served with a court order or subpoena to open a client's box?
In a word, nothing.
A court order must specify a name, box number and contents. Sovereign Solution is not an agent, and never has information about its clients, their corresponding vault number or the contents of their vaults.
"We don't know the customer, therefore we do not have any legal obligation to the customer for accepting search warrants or subpoenas," Shaikin explained. "I've been investigated by all federal and state agencies -- the FBI, the CIA, the IRS, the Justice Department, Metro -- and nobody has been able to violate privacy because we don't know our customer. We do not require anything but a picture of the iris of the eye. People who want privacy, anonymity and accessibility are coming here."

@_date: 2004-07-16 19:34:59
@_author: e.g., average survivial times of the TI from their first learning about their condition 
@_subject: Re: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt 
If people are intentionally trying to set up the jackbooted thugs to break down your door then the more often the thugs take the bait the more likely the baitors will get to spring their traps.
Do you have evidence to support this (e.g., average survivial times of the TI from their first learning about their condition)?

@_date: 2004-07-10 06:04:43
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt 
when not under direct threat. Then they implement the mechanism. Then years flow by. Then the prosecutors come. But by then it is too late to cooperate. They are doomed (though that depends largely on the available lawyers), but it can save the ones they were protecting.
The mechanism Steve suggested probably needs to be applied before you ever see a court order.
you implemented may be viewed as a conspiracy, including but not limited to secure email.
secure infrastructure without some nodes having to win the martyr lottery?
Actually, frequent prosecutions could work to the advantage of a select few who choose to become martyrs.  Since it would make it much more likely supplicants would be called upon.
Maybe we could piggyback on religion and use some kinks within Christian doctrine, selected for having wide user base within Western civilization? Eg, finding a believable and theologically coherent explanation how operating a Darknet node helps undermining the reign of Satan (a voice suggests me that the Book of Prophecies, or how that horsemen thing is called, could contain enough of material to build on)? That could provide a decent amount of node ops using existing infrastructure of likely-minded religious organizations. Faith is a big motivation for undertaking risk, and while Westerners currently tend to be less radical than Middle-Easterners, this kind of mission is far from suicidal.
I posted a few months back offering an alternative to religion in recruitment: the terminally ill.

@_date: 2004-07-16 19:36:32
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: We werent doing anything wrong 
Couple in anti-Bush T-shirts were arrested at president’s speech By Tara Tuckwiller
A husband and wife who wore anti-Bush T-shirts to the president’s Fourth of July appearance aren’t going down without a fight: They will be represented by lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union as they contest the trespassing charges against them Thursday morning in Charleston Municipal Court.
Police took Nicole and Jeff Rank away in handcuffs from the event, which was billed as a presidential appearance, not a campaign rally. They were wearing T-shirts that read, “Love America, Hate Bush.”
Spectators who wore pro-Bush T-shirts and Bush-Cheney campaign buttons were allowed to stay.
“We weren’t doing anything wrong,” said Jeff Rank. The couple, who said they had tickets just like everybody else, said they simply stood around the Capitol steps with the rest of the spectators.
“We sang the national anthem,” Rank said.
The Ranks hardly fit the image of rabble-rousers. Jeff Rank, 29, has a master’s degree in oceanography. Nicole Rank, 30, has degrees in biological science and marine biology. They have been married for seven years.
Nicole Rank arrived in Charleston soon after the Memorial Day floods. She was working as deputy environmental liaison officer for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, making sure cities and counties obeyed federal environmental laws as they repaired roads and bridges.
After police arrested the Ranks, fingerprinted them and took their mug shots, FEMA told Nicole Rank she was no longer needed in West Virginia.
“I have not been fired per se,” she said. “But I was released from this job. And when they release you from a job, you no longer get paid.”
The Ranks started to go home to Corpus Christi, Texas, but they only got as far as Roanoke, Va., when it occurred to them that they might not be able to contest their arrest if they weren’t in Charleston on their court date. A phone call confirmed their suspicions. So they turned around.
“We’ve been living in motels ever since,” said Jeff Rank, who spent Tuesday evening in his motel room with his wife, their cocker spaniel Feinman, and their marmalade cat Rowr.
“It’s extremely difficult [financially]. We can only afford to do this for so long.”
But they had to stay and fight the charges, he said, “because we didn’t think we were guilty.”
Since Bush took office in early 2001, people have been banned from displaying anti-Bush messages at dozens of Bush appearances across the country. In September, the ACLU filed a federal lawsuit against the Secret Service, seeking an injunction against the Bush administration for segregating protesters at his public appearances.
The Secret Service agreed that such censorship was wrong, said Witold Walczak, one of the lawyers that filed the lawsuit.
“They had an internal memo dated September 2002, saying they couldn’t treat protesters differently or worse” than anyone else at a presidential appearance, Walczak said. “The judge said any agent responsible for doing so could be held liable for damages.”
The Secret Service had been telling local police to sequester anyone displaying an anti-administration message, usually in areas completely out of sight and earshot of Bush. Because the Secret Service agreed with the ACLU that it shouldn’t be doing that, the judge dismissed the case.
“Prior to filing our suit in September, we’d get a couple of confirmed ‘protest zone’ complaints every month,” Walczak said. “After we filed, there were practically none. We had two documented incidents between September and March: one in Little Rock, Ark., and one in Knoxville, Tenn.”
But now, lawyers like Walczak are carefully monitoring cases like the Ranks’ — and two similar incidents recently in Pennsylvania.
“We’re trying to assess what is going on at these appearances ... whether these ‘protest zones’ are resuming,” he said.
“We are continuing to monitor all campaign events by both Republican and Democratic candidates. We’re prepared to go back into court if we see discrimination occurring.”
Because Bush’s Fourth of July stop in Charleston was billed as an official presidential visit, not a campaign rally, “That makes it an even more glaring violation of the First Amendment,” said Andrew Schneider, executive director of the ACLU of West Virginia.
“It’s an Orwellian way to keep speech out of sight of those the speech is intended to critique ... We want to nip this in the bud before it becomes a habit of future administrations.”
A Bush spokesman did not return a telephone call seeking comment on the necessity of the “free speech zone.”
To contact staff writer Tara Tuckwiller, use e-mail or call 348-5189.

@_date: 2007-04-27 18:30:21
@_author: Andrew Del Vecchio 
@_subject: Re: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.10 (X11/20070306)
Reply-To: or-talk
I was able to access my account as of a couple of days ago. Some tor
nodes are in spam DBs, but only a few of them (as far as I know at
least). Wikipedia has blocked tor nodes for close to a year now, as
does some other sites. For this reason, I think it would be useful to
make directory files compressed AND crypted, if possible/viable. Just
my two rapidly devaluing Federal Reserve cents, though 8-).
The problem is with Tor.  It supports hidden server functionality (which is being improved all the time) but not hidden exits, AFAIK.  Hidden exit support might encourage more people to run them.  It might also provide another possibility, opportunistic exits using neighbor-neighbor open hot-spot WiFi.  Here is a paper I wrote some months back but have only circulated in a small circle, called, "CUCKOO - an opportunistic P2P exit node":
E-gold is most certainly not a scam.  But they have behaved foolishly, operating from US soil, and now are completely under the thumb of the U.S. government. Its highly likely that E-gold's operators have been served National Security letters in order to keep from the press what's really going on, which is that the U.S. dollar is under considerable financial pressure most of which is being kept out of the major news media and any economic safety means not under indirect control of the U.S. (e.g., gold-based) are being closed.  As Alan Greespan noted in his seminal paper, "Gold and Economic Freedom,"
"An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense-perhaps more clearly and subtly than many consistent defenders of laissez-faire -- that gold and economic freedom are inseparable, that the gold standard is an instrument of laissez-faire and that each implies and requires the other. "In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value. If there were, the government would have to make its holding illegal, as was done in the case of gold. If everyone decided, for example, to convert all his bank deposits to silver or copper or any other good, and thereafter declined to accept checks as payment for goods, bank deposits would lose their purchasing power and government-created bank credit would be worthless as a claim on goods. The financial policy of the welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect themselves.
This is the shabby secret of the welfare statists' tirades against gold. Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the confiscation of wealth. Gold stands in the way of this insidious process. It stands as a protector of property rights. If one grasps this, one has no difficulty in understanding the statists' antagonism toward the gold standard."
  I don't agree with all the conclusions of this article, in particular that, "3. The only DGCs that operate from now on will:
(a) Have no connection to the US
(b) Have no USA users (exactly as Swiss banks have no USA users)
(b) Will have higher ID requirements than e-gold currently does. "
Its probably true the seizure will cause many to shy away from non-regulated currencies and payment systems (as our "masters" want) but others (e.g., eCache,  are sure to be emboldened by the audacity of the Secret Service.

@_date: 2007-04-27 18:56:56
@_author: Andrew Del Vecchio 
@_subject: Re: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.10 (X11/20070306)
Reply-To: or-talk
I was able to access my account as of a couple of days ago. Some tor
nodes are in spam DBs, but only a few of them (as far as I know at
least). Wikipedia has blocked tor nodes for close to a year now, as
does some other sites. For this reason, I think it would be useful to
make directory files compressed AND crypted, if possible/viable. Just
my two rapidly devaluing Federal Reserve cents, though 8-).
The problem is with Tor.  It supports hidden server functionality (which is being improved all the time) but not hidden exits, AFAIK.  Hidden exit support might encourage more people to run them.  It might also provide another possibility, opportunistic exits using neighbor-neighbor open hot-spot WiFi.  Here is a paper I wrote some months back but have only circulated in a small circle, called, "CUCKOO - an opportunistic P2P exit node":
E-gold is most certainly not a scam.  But they have behaved foolishly, operating from US soil, and now are completely under the thumb of the U.S. government. Its highly likely that E-gold's operators have been served National Security letters in order to keep from the press what's really going on, which is that the U.S. dollar is under considerable financial pressure most of which is being kept out of the major news media and any economic safety means not under indirect control of the U.S. (e.g., gold-based) are being closed.  As Alan Greespan noted in his seminal paper, "Gold and Economic Freedom,"
"An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense-perhaps more clearly and subtly than many consistent defenders of laissez-faire -- that gold and economic freedom are inseparable, that the gold standard is an instrument of laissez-faire and that each implies and requires the other. "In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value. If there were, the government would have to make its holding illegal, as was done in the case of gold. If everyone decided, for example, to convert all his bank deposits to silver or copper or any other good, and thereafter declined to accept checks as payment for goods, bank deposits would lose their purchasing power and government-created bank credit would be worthless as a claim on goods. The financial policy of the welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect themselves.
This is the shabby secret of the welfare statists' tirades against gold. Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the confiscation of wealth. Gold stands in the way of this insidious process. It stands as a protector of property rights. If one grasps this, one has no difficulty in understanding the statists' antagonism toward the gold standard."
  I don't agree with all the conclusions of this article, in particular that, "3. The only DGCs that operate from now on will:
(a) Have no connection to the US
(b) Have no USA users (exactly as Swiss banks have no USA users)
(b) Will have higher ID requirements than e-gold currently does. "
Its probably true the seizure will cause many to shy away from non-regulated currencies and payment systems (as our "masters" want) but others (e.g., eCache,  are sure to be emboldened by the audacity of the Secret Service.
