
@_date: 2004-07-01 13:23:36
@_author: "SILVER FORTUNE LOTTERY" 
@_subject: YOUR WINNINGS 
FROM: THE PRIZE AWARD DEPARTMENT
SILVER FORTUNE LOTTERY MADRID SPAIN AND SILVER CENTURY LOTTERY DUBAI.
Congratulations Category A prize winner! You have been
selected as one of fiftheen winners of the Worldwide
fortune lottery Madrid/Dubai computer ballot draws and thus will
be a privileged recipient of the grand draw prize of (Euros456,382.00) FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTY-SIX THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY TWO EUROS ONLY.
Winning File Reference number for your prize is TWSL/ES/ 61-812087; ticket number 004 - 05117963 - 198.
We in the Worldwide lotteria la fortune Spain is by this
program, launching our model computer balloting lottery draws,
developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever
growing number of participants in our various lottery programs. With
funds accured exclusively from previous draws, payouts to
all winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in record time.
After randomly selecting 150,000 participants from an
initial database of 3,000,000 emails and zoning all participants
by their respective continents from across the globe, we
produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of
the winners of the Grand Draw prize.
To ensure a smooth collection of your winnings, the
transfer of your prize is to be handled by our Prize
Transfer agents. You are to contact our agents by email within a week of receiving this notice.
Don't forget to include your contact telephone and fax number.
Please find full contact details below:
Mr. Michael Wenn.
Your claims agent
Silver Fortune LotterY.
Khalid Bin Walid,Towers.
Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
TELE/FAX: +971 508567118.
Also find all other relevant winning lottery information
below: Draw Serial No:99375.
Batch No: 24/00319/ES.
Grand Draw No: 31 - 33 - 34 - 35 - 36 - 42.
You are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery
information and numbers from the public in line with
our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and
unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals.
Please direct all further correspondences and queries to your respective category Prize Transfer handlers.
Do remember that all winning must be claimed 15 days from the day you receive this notification.After this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake. Please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence. Furthermore, should there be any change of address or appointment, do inform us as soon as possible in order for us to make an alternative arrangement for you. Congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program.
Note: Anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified.
Mrs. Cathy Lawrence
International Promotions Manager
SILVER FORTUNE LOTTERY.
