
@_date: 2011-02-12 14:01:17
@_author: OFFICE FILE 
@_subject: [ovs-dev] Good news 
?Attn Dear Beneficially ?
This is to inform you that we have arranged your payment of ($800,000.00) Eight Hundred Thousand united state dollars in atm payment card on behalf of the Federal Republic of Benin Government, Under the co-operation of the new civilian Head of State, President DR BONI YAYI and the Governor of Central Bank Of Benin,Mr Philippe-Henri Dacoury-Tabley held a meeting last week concerning your payment,about your Inheritance funds.
you are listed and approved for this payments to be sent to you through Money Gram money transfer Office.Your payment will be sending to you by money Gram, the amount you will receive per day is $6500 The minister trust funds of Benin Republic will send you the currently standards track details you need to pick up your ($6,500.00) payment by Money Gram, you will receive every day till you receive the $800,000.00, now no need to send you this atm card because you cannot get the atm card due to the atm master card contain large money on it.
The director administrator trust funds have already signed your payment,kindly contact the below person who is in position to release your payment by Money Gram per $6,500.00usd a day.
Contact Person Mr Andy William?? Money Gram Transfer E-mail: ( moneygramt at yahoo.com.hk) The financial Money Gram payment center has been mandated to issue out your payment and you have to stop any further communication with any other person(s) or office(s) to avoid any hitches in receiving your payment.
Note that the administrator payment need this details from you to process your
payment; ?
Your. Receiver--------
Your. Country-------
Your. City--------
Your. Test question-------
Your. Answer--------
Your. Passport--------
Comply with Mr Andy William now because as soon as you sent this required details to him he will start sending your payment by Money Gram in tunes of $6,500 for each payment until you full fund has been successfully transferred.
Best Regard,
Mr Ben. James
