
@_date: 2013-10-10 13:42:45
@_author: Oliver Hansen 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
Incredible!!!! the way I am seeing the reaction to the initial question,
and trying to query very valid points are now leading me to seriously
reconsider the potential risk I have in continuing to use pfsense as a
security tool.
The about list on the mailman page states: "pfSense support and discussion
About time someone quoted the mailman page. If you want the discussion to
end simply don't respond. If the majority *truly* agrees with you then it
will end.
I've been on this list for years and don't appreciate someone assuming to
speak for me about ending a thread.
Incredible!!!! the way I am seeing the reaction to the initial question, and trying to query very valid points are now leading me to seriously reconsider the potential risk I have in continuing to use pfsense as a security tool.
The about list on the mailman page states: "pfSense support and discussion list"...
About time someone quoted the mailman page. If you want the discussion to end simply don't respond. If the majority *truly* agrees with you then it will end. I've been on this list for years and don't appreciate someone assuming to speak for me about ending a thread.

@_date: 2013-10-12 18:08:53
@_author: Oliver Hansen 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] naive suggestion: conform to US laws 
Sent: Saturday, October 12, 2013 10:41:40 AM
I totally disagree.  I respect people who give their opinion outright.  We can flop about and sugar coat everything, try to make everyone feel fuzzy... and all that does is lead to misunderstandings and openings for more convoluted and pointless discussions.  I've been a part of the open source community for over 20 years, and mostly we're a group of free thinking, well-intentioned individuals who have many irons in the fire.  We know the value of our time, and thus respect the value of others' time as well.  Our projects are not a place for discussions that can have no resolution: politics, religion, general conspiracy theories.
I'm behind Jim on this.
But notice how you agreed with Jim without using any personal attacks? I have no problem with that. It is completely possible to give your opinion outright about a *TOPIC* without attacking the person or threatening them. Jim's latest response actually does this pretty well and attacks the facts instead of the person. I'll let this go now but I felt it had to be said.
List mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-12 15:23:56
@_author: Oliver Hansen 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] naive suggestion: conform to US laws 
I can't say I agree with Thinker Rix on everything but on this I do agree.
I have been on this list for many years (mostly just reading) and have
always been impressed with the professionalism of most members who write
and especially those affiliated with the project. I have been quite
surprised and disappointed in the attitude and tone coming from Jim
Thompson this last week and in my opinion THAT is what reflects poorly on
the project.
