
@_date: 2004-05-04 02:33:46
@_author: "mohammad comer" 
@_subject: Kwsw FW: in`cre~dible in.come 0pportunity;) 
landelik abuhr bailli virlojeux
view the below picture to see what
thousands have discovered
One day a man went into a chemist's shop and said, "Have you anything to
cure a headache?"The chemist took a bottle from a shelf, held it undert he
gentleman's nose and took out the cork. The smell was so strongthat tears
came into the man's eyes and ran down him cheeks."What did you do that for?"
he said angrily, as soon as he could get back his breath."but that medicine
has cured your headache, hasn't it?""You fool." said the man, "It's my wife
that has the headache, not me".
A man was speeding down the highway, feeling secure in a gaggle of cars all
traveling at the same speed. However, as they passed a speed trap, he got
nailed with an infrared speed detector and was pulled over. The officer
handed him the citation, received his signature and was about to walk away
when the man asked, "Officer, I know I was speeding, but I don't think it's
fair - there ere plenty of other cars around me who were going just as fast,
so why did *I* get the ticket?" "Ever go fishing?" the policeman suddenly
asked the man. "Ummm, yeah..." the startled man replied. The officer grinned
and added, "Ever catch *all* the fish?"
A man and a women walk into a bar and order a drink for every person in the
bar. They are very happy. When the bar-tender asks them why they are so
happy, they reply: 'We finished a jigsaw puzzle in only two months'. 'Two
months?' the bar-tender exclaimed, 'it's not supposed to take that long.'
'That's not true,' said the woman, 'it said 2 to 4 years on the box.'
A lady lost her handbag in the bustle of shopping at the mall. It was found
by an honest little boy and returned to her. Looking in her purse, she
commented, "Hmmm.... That's funny. When I lost my bag there was a $20 bill
in it. Now there are twenty $1 bills." The boy quickly replied, "That's
right, lady. The last time I found a lady's purse, she didn't have any
change for a reward."
