
@_date: 2010-12-29 04:45:23
@_author: Roc Admin 
@_subject: Re: 27C3 on Tor 
Not sure if anyone else watched the video but of course there is a
different story than the Wired article.
If you don't want to sit through the whole hour, here's how I would sum it up:
The talk in general was about modern tactics for profiling web users.
They actually had some interesting stuff to say about how easily and
accurately they were able to correlate a user to his or her web
traffic but that's off topic.  My take away from the entire thing is
that there are new technologies to apply machine learning for
automated statistical analysis of traffic.  In other words, the
attacks Nick referenced of 2002 are more feasible.  (They do admit
that this is nothing new) The same rules apply though and that is you
can only be profiled if you are performing the activities that they
have in their database and it seems to me that this is more difficult
than they make it sound.  Profiling a website that has streaming
content would be difficult to nail down into a set profile.  They
conclude by saying that the easiest way to protect yourself is to do
multiple things at the same time which increases the likliness that
they can profile your activity to their database. I seem to remember a
Google Code project that generated random data to obfuscate your
fingerprint.  Anyone remember?
You can see in the video at 31:48 when they start specifically talking
about Tor.  The specifics of their version of the attack look like
1) The attack starts out where the attacker sets up a Tor client
running the same OS version and browser and uses tools to profile a
website like slashdot.org.
2) their "website profiling tool of doom" makes connections to the
website they want to profile.  They say that after 2000 requests over
a 2 week period, they are able to accurately profile a website no
matter what specific content is on the page.  This is metadata
profiling like packet size, direction, etc.
3) After they have a database of sites, they intercept a Tor client's
traffic locally and correlate it with their data.
They make a comment that Andriy Panchenko is one of the people that
increased the accuracy of this attack by a lot but they don't give the
details of what he added. His website is here but I didn't find any
details:   Prior to his involvement, the
attack was at a 3% accuracy.
They really don't have any suggestions for the Tor network.  They did
say that padding, as I originally thought would help, doesn't affect
this attack so that wouldn't prevent the attack.  Roger, it sounds
like you had some specific ideas as to where to put the padding
compared to a global value so maybe that's different than what they
were talking about.  They do comment that TCP fragmentation over the
Tor network causes size variation of packets over which makes things
easier.  Not sure how much value there is in working on that aspect.
ROC Admin
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-29 03:09:07
@_author: Roc Admin 
@_subject: Re: 27C3 on Tor 
Found the presentation at least and watching it now.  You have to skip
to 3:30 for the actual presentation.
ROC Tor Admin
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-29 01:27:50
@_author: Roc Admin 
@_subject: Re: 27C3 on Tor 
This doesn't seem like much of a flaw as it is a design decision. See
I'm not trying to dismiss the researcher but maybe someone can give
some insight into how critical this is to the Tor project and what
avenues for remediation there are if any. Anyone have a video of the
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
