
@_date: 2005-02-19 13:20:09
@_author: "Mrs. Agnes Duke" 
@_subject: Very Urgent and Comfidential From Mrs Duke 
Good day Dear,
I am Princess Agnes Duke the wife of late Major General Duke the C.E.O. Gulf link Oil Export Company Nigeria Ltd. who was killed early this year by Islamic Extremists for allegations that he supplied crude oil to Europe, U.S.A., revealed secret information on SAUDI ARABIAN sanction bursting oil operations, arms and wealth to the United Nations. I am very sure, 100% sure that my husband is innocent of all crime allegations imposed on him by the head of the Emirates just for them Inherit some of his Oil companies and properties.
He was given no chance to defend himself and they killed him unjustly. I am so troubled; my spirit refuses to be at rest. The quick need for contacting you is because my husband has been killed unjustly and I am sure if we don't act quickly the head of the Emirates must come for our wealth and some of the assets. Millions of American dollars will be seized. About ($25.5,000,000.00) Twenty Five Million Five hundred U.S. Dollars in a sealed vault.
My husband has in a private vault has been successfully deposited with a security and finance Firm called ‘TRUST SECURITY GHANA’ in Accra-Ghana where my first son is currently residing for security reason as my late husband’s first son. The said vault was being deposited under Non-Inspection of Category ‘C’ and they know that the vault contains Family’s treasure and some vital documents. I want you to assist me in claiming these funds for investment purposes in your country by which I will give you all the necessary document of the deposit and whereby you these documents will be change in your name as the true beneficiary of Funds, my son will secure a LETTER OF ADMINISTRATION FROM High court over there in Ghana that will make you the Bonafide beneficiary for release of the vault .
We only need a good, honest, trustworthy and highly confidential someone whom we can offer 20% of the total sum after a successful transaction and 15% will be sent down for my family while the remaining 65% will be invest into lucrative business venture of your choice in your country.
Contact me for full details, in my private e-mail address, (agnesduke ) incase of urgent need, you can also contact my son Abdul Duke on his direct line 00233-243-167-657 for more clarifications.
Thanks for your co-operation.
Yours Sincerely,
PRINCESS Agnes DUKE
On Behalf of The Duke Family
