
@_date: 2002-04-22 15:06:44
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation: Q for Eugene 
Suppose an attacker knows some of your outputs.
The whole sitiuation can be written as three numbers:
Shift everything left until you get:
We may not know a since that depends on the number of x
bits, but we do know b since that depends only on the
number of y bits.
squaring to find the prime:
which is obviously zero mod 2a, so all bits to the right of that
are zero. So it's also zero mod 10^b, since b < 2a, and we get:
mod 10^b
with z^2 < 1 so for bits to the left of the decimal, we have:
and since y and b are known, this is easliy solved for some
z bits. Iterate with y' = y + discovered z bits. Methinks this is
a fatal weakness, irrespective of the size of the prime.

@_date: 2002-04-24 14:06:30
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
That is nearly true for crypto applications, but it certainly isn't for
some others. e.g. If you're debugging simulation software, you may need
to be able to make the PRNG produce repeatable output by giving it the
same seed on every run.
For crypto, it absolutely clear that you need a true RNG for some
if only seeding and re-seeding a PRNG, and that using a PRNG introduces
one more thing that could contain dangerous weaknesses.
Given a well-designed PRNG, though, it is not clear that there's any
real benefit to using a true RNG instead. If you're generating 128-bit
session keys, there is no practical difference between using the true
RNG directly and using a good PRNG with, say, 256-bit key.

@_date: 2002-04-21 01:05:48
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Random numbers used in any security application must
meet far stronger requirements than in other applications,
such as simulations etc. The standard reference is:
A draft of an updated version is also available:
There's also some good material at in the papers section under "yarrow".
My guess is that neither of your suggestions is useful for
security applications. In one case, the input or seed is a text file, not a remarkably
random object, and completely useless if the enemy can discover
or guess what file is used. Also, I cannot tell if your method
is either as secure as or more efficient than a more direct
approach using standard crypto prinitives. For example, one
might just hash the textfile and use the result to key a block
cipher in counter mode.
In the other case, the key seems to be choice of a prime
number. You need a large prime, perhaps 100 bits or more,
to make brute force guessing sufficiently hard. Is your
arithmetic then acceptably efficient? Can an enemy deduce
the prime, or even narrow down the search dangerously,
if he sees enough of your output?

@_date: 2002-05-12 14:18:41
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
Why do you imagine that? Those guys don't understand the technologies behind paper money -- engraving,
paper making, holography, ... -- or behind bank accounts and ATM machines,
and they likely don't have credible threats against the mint or the banks.
There is a chicken-and-egg problem. Joe, Gord and Jeff will happily use
any system that is widespread enough to be credible, but how does some
system get there? That probably requires that early adopters understand
things and believe they have recourse against botching implementers.

@_date: 2002-06-30 23:58:35
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Piracy is wrong 
Piracy involves someone other than a warring state attacking ships.
The only recent example I can think of was the French gov't blowing
up Greenpeace's Rainbow Warrior. Your metaphor sucks.
Unauthorized copying is sometimes wrong. However, if the copying
is fair use, then authorisation is utterly irrelevant.
For many of the proposed systems, that extent is nil. For example, the
encryption used on DVD disks has exactly zero effect on anyone with
appropriate tools who wants to copy the disk:
A bit-for-bit copy of a DVD will play on any system the original
Record and movie companies have a long history of trying to extend
their control, to the detriment of both artists and audience. We
should all oppose DRM to the extent that this is its purpose.
Some examples:
United Artists was founded by Chaplin and others as a defense against
the big studios, a way for the actors and directors to get more money
and some creative control.
See Courtney Love's rant for a recent example:
The RIAA argued that making a cassette copy of a record you own, for
example to listen to in the car, violated copyright. The US Supreme
Court ruled it was fair use.
The movie industry claimed that taping a TV show violated copyright.
The Court ruled that at least some taping, such as recording a show
to watch later or in another place, was fair use.
Having lost in court, these industries are now attempting to bypass
those decisions by technical means. The reverse also applies. The clearest example is patent law. In return
for a strictly limited monopoly on commercial exploitation of the invention, the inventor publishes details and agrees that the invention
enter the public domain eventually.
There's a trade-off. The basic public policy goal of patent and copyright
law is to enrich the commons by getting good stuff created and into the
public domain. Rewarding the creators is a step to this goal. In the US,
the Constitution authorises the federal gov't:
"  To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for
"  limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their
"  respective writings and discoveries; (What is the legal meaning of "useful arts"? If it means only disciplines
 like medicine and engineering, then the Constitution does not grant the
 gov't the power to do anything about music or film copyrights.) No. An author cannot prevent you quoting his or her work, nor a composer
stop you from humming a tune. Some things are fair use.
It is far more complex than that. There are situations where various types of copying are unethical and
should, I think, be illegal. Mostly, those are covered by existing law.
There probably need to be some adjustments for the Internet. For example, I'd say it is fairly clear that buying a concert ticket does not give me the right to record the concert and sell tapes. It
seems likely we need a bit of law that says the same principle applies
if I get a piece of music off the net. Perhaps we even need some form of legal framework that has Internet
"radio" stations paying royalties for muisic they play, as real radio
stations do. Or a framework for choose-the-song pay-per-play music that treats it differently from broadcast material chosen by the
station; if you're choosing the time, perhaps time-shifting is less
of a legitimate reason for copying. Or ...
However, it does not follow that we need any form of DRM software to
protect the musicians' and music companies' rights on the net, any more than we need concert staff searching concert-goers for concealed recording equipment.
Even if DRM software comes into wide use, neither defeating it nor
distributing tools for that purpose should be an offense. There are
many legitimate reasons to defeat it. The companies involved have no more right to prevent such use than
I have to sell copies of their book or film on the street corner.

@_date: 2002-06-07 19:36:27
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: number of bits in bent funtion 
Is there a general rule for the number of set
bits in a bent boolean function of n input bits?
I know from the Mister and Adams paper at SAC 96:
that any 8-bit bent function has either 120 or 136 bits
set. That's (2^8)/2 +- 8.
Does that generalise to (2^n)/2 +- n for any even n?
Or is there some other general rule?

@_date: 2002-06-25 15:16:14
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
I certainly agree that that /should/ be the case. However, you assert
that it /is/ the case. Under what country's laws? Can you cite test
I'd claim that he made no agreement; a click-through license is not a
valid contract. If I recall correctly, a Louisiana court did rule that
way in a well-publicised case, and I've heard several Canadians assert
that at least some are invalid under our law. However, what people generally believe has little bearing in law.
The question is whether courts -- which courts in which countries
and on what grounds -- will deem them enforcable and therefore
will enforce them when asked to do so. It does not matter much
what you believe if a court can be convinced you're violating a
law. They have quite effective ways of enforcing such judgements.
Of course, there are some good legal arguments that click-through
agreements should not be enforcable, and that contracts should not
be allowed to restrict reverse engineering. For that matter, there's a good argument that the DVD CCA is an illegal conspiracy to restrict competition and manipulate the
markets, and should be prosecuted as such. e.g. the Australian
Competition Board has demanded an explanation of region codes:
To quote two speeches from that site:
Difficulties between the pro-competitive community and Intellectual Property
Mr Ross Jones, Commissioner
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
Globalisation and Competition Policy
Professor Allan Fels, Chairman
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
The quoted documents are a couple of years old. Does anyone have
an update? A few of us have been trying, without much success, to convince the
Canadian Competition Bureau to prosecute these conspirators. It might
be worth a shot in other countries.
Correct, for the case brought on the East Coast (NY? NJ?) by the
MPAA. However, the first case, brought in California by DVD CCA,
did not use the DMCA. It alleged theft of trade secrets, and
violation of the license agreement.

@_date: 2002-06-25 15:16:14
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
I certainly agree that that /should/ be the case. However, you assert
that it /is/ the case. Under what country's laws? Can you cite test
I'd claim that he made no agreement; a click-through license is not a
valid contract. If I recall correctly, a Louisiana court did rule that
way in a well-publicised case, and I've heard several Canadians assert
that at least some are invalid under our law. However, what people generally believe has little bearing in law.
The question is whether courts -- which courts in which countries
and on what grounds -- will deem them enforcable and therefore
will enforce them when asked to do so. It does not matter much
what you believe if a court can be convinced you're violating a
law. They have quite effective ways of enforcing such judgements.
Of course, there are some good legal arguments that click-through
agreements should not be enforcable, and that contracts should not
be allowed to restrict reverse engineering. For that matter, there's a good argument that the DVD CCA is an illegal conspiracy to restrict competition and manipulate the
markets, and should be prosecuted as such. e.g. the Australian
Competition Board has demanded an explanation of region codes:
To quote two speeches from that site:
Difficulties between the pro-competitive community and Intellectual Property
Mr Ross Jones, Commissioner
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
Globalisation and Competition Policy
Professor Allan Fels, Chairman
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
The quoted documents are a couple of years old. Does anyone have
an update? A few of us have been trying, without much success, to convince the
Canadian Competition Bureau to prosecute these conspirators. It might
be worth a shot in other countries.
Correct, for the case brought on the East Coast (NY? NJ?) by the
MPAA. However, the first case, brought in California by DVD CCA,
did not use the DMCA. It alleged theft of trade secrets, and
violation of the license agreement.

@_date: 2002-07-19 17:43:10
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: How much will they claim CSS is worth? 
Yes, but the suit filed in California by DVD CCA claimed this was theft
of trade secrets and a violation of the license agreement. Methinks this
is obviously nonsense, but the judge may disagree.

@_date: 2002-07-11 22:39:19
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Finding encrytion algorithm 
It may not matter much. Suppose it could be one of a hundred
algorithms, a dozen of which you know how to break. If it is
important and you have the resources, you just try all twelve
breaks. If one works, then you know the algorithm. If not, you
don't care; you know it's one you cannot break, so details are
not important.
Doing this is only at worst 12 times harder than breaking a
single known cipher. If some of your 12 breaks are easy, then
total effort is much less than 12 times the hardest cipher.
When we're talking about 2^40 steps to break a laughably weak
cipher and > 2^100 for a good one, making it 12, or 1000,
times harder is not a very interesting difference.
Then you've no reason to think it is important enough to be
worth breaking. You can still try.  No. Any good algorithm should produce output that looks /exactly/
like random noise, hence they should all look like each other.
This may not be precisely true, but all decent algorithms will
look random enough to make distinguishing quite difficult.

@_date: 2002-10-18 10:27:59
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: XORing bits to eliminate skew 
I read that Intel chipsets use something similar, but with three input bits
and a lower reduction factor. Anyone know details?
I wonder about using perfect s-boxes as defined in a paper of Nyquist's.
All output columns and all linear combinations of them are bent Boolean
functions. This is possible only if there are (at least) twice as many input
bits as output bits.
So get a perfect s-box, say 4 by 2, feed in 4 bits, get 2 out. This will
clearly reduce skew, and it only gives a 2-to-1 reduction, but I'm not
sure if it is a good method.
