
@_date: 2013-09-20 11:49:49
@_author: Patrick Georgi 
@_subject: Re: [coreboot] [liberationtech] Fwd: Firefox OS with built in support for OpenPGP encryption 
Am 2013-09-20 11:51, schrieb Eugen Leitl:
To wit, its download page is guarded by a long, non-free EULA: Some of the components also seem to be binary-only.
BSD-licensed TianoCore + heaps of binary modules that are currently only available under NDA.
They'd also require some additional code (probably binary only?) to make Tiano resembling something like a complete and secure implementation.
coreboot is your only bet on x86 if you aim for open source firmware. It can be combined with TianoCore to provide the UEFI APIs to the user (read: Operating System), but TianoCore alone won't do since it lacks hardware initialization drivers (that coreboot provides).
Personally, I wish people wouldn't wish for someone else to start groups, but do it themselves for a change.
However that brings the risk of seeing that things aren't quite as simple and might ultimately fail.
Of course, soapboxes and arm chairs are much more comfortable and comparably risk-free.
"main open source distros" is not enough since it creates a gatekeeper model. "Secure Boot" (which is really a Verified Boot) without physical user override doesn't cut it.
ChromeBooks, using coreboot, provide a mostly* Open Source Verified Boot model with physical user override (with two override modes: safe via dev mode switch, and complete via jumper).
* (blame Intel)
tl;dr: Comparing coreboot, Lemote, UEFI and Tianocore isn't as easy as people seem to believe.

@_date: 2013-11-18 13:23:48
@_author: Patrick Georgi 
@_subject: Re: [coreboot] BadBIOS Thoughts 
Am 17.11.2013 21:46, schrieb Alex:
Those three list Intel based notebooks only (not even a token AMD device).
 From the point of view of free firmware, all of them are unsuitable, since free (and open, and trustable) Intel firmware implementations are only available for museum class^W^Wlong-term support hardware.
I think the only x86 notebook with completely free firmware these days that can be bought easily is
(featuring those Intel museum chips)
And I guess doing something like that group is the only working approach for now: Pick some notebook (something recent), free its firmware, sell the pre-modded boxes (and publish numbers!).
If you manage to sell significant volumes (which shouldn't be all that large), that might turn some heads.
There are some issues with this approach: You're limited in your choice of base hardware (likely AMD/Via chipsets only, the EC must be manageable with reasonable effort) and it must be available for some time (no fun doing a port for 2 months, then selling the notebook for another 4, after which it's taken off the market, and you have to start from scratch).
And, of course, when doing this, you carry the usual entrepreneurial risk.
