
@_date: 2013-10-17 10:56:41
@_author: Paul Syverson 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] New paper : Users Get Routed: Traffic Correlation	on Tor by Realistic Adversaries 
Actually the work we did on this paper was as part of a larger program
that has been our primary focus for the last several years: how can
you secure communication over Tor against an adversary that can, e.g.,
own 30% of the nodes (or big chunk of guard and exit bandwidth) or
large parts of the AS or other underlying network infrastructure.  Our candidate is to leverage trust diversity in different parts of the
network (e.g. trust based on who is running nodes on what hardware and
what OS from what physical and network location, etc.) But this is
tricky. One can't just use the most trusted parts of the network
because this will probably indicate that this is statistically more
likely to be communication from/to people that trust this part of the
network. You need to get away from the idea of a single set of trust
values for all users for the whole network.  Different kinds of people
will have different adversaries, which is just one factor to the
diversity of trust. We've already got a few publications on this "More
Anonymous Onion Routing Through Trust" by myself and Aaron Johnson and
"Trust-based Anonymous Communication: Adversary Models and Routing
Algorithms" by the two of us, plus Roger Dingledine and Nick
Mathewson. You can find both on my homepage (syverson.org)
The current paper under discussion came from the realization that we
needed to have a much better handle on network models, tools and
appropriate adversary models for the existing Tor network and usage in
order to properly incorporate trust into routing for improved future
design.

@_date: 2015-01-31 03:42:12
@_author: Paul Syverson 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor -> VPN Clarification 
That's right. They are using mixes not onion routers. It's a different
architecture with a different threat model. Tor's security is largely
based on having a large and diverse enough set of entry and exit
points to the network that it is hard for a practical advesary to
watch (and possibly disrupt to create a timing signal) both ends of a
connection at once. An adversary that can do so however is assumed to
be able to correlate source and destination. JAP's security is based
on the mix concept, wherein the adversary is assumed able to see both
sides of a connection (which would break anonymity for Tor), but the
timing properties of connections are such that it is difficult to say
which of the concurrent connections on the client side of the mix
correlates with which connection on the destination side.  Creating a
fixed path of mixes (known as a mix cascade) run by different
operators means that there is not a single mix that knows that
correlation. JAP, unlike Tor, is meant to remain secure even if an
adversary can see connections on both sides. To be successful at this
a low-latency cascade like JAP must maintain a constant (or adequately
large) anonymity set of the same persistent clients concurrently and
must use padding and other techniques to prevent natural or induced
patterns from giving away the correlation.
