
@_date: 2001-10-24 13:05:20
@_author: Paul Wouters 
@_subject: Re: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems (fwd) 
Redefining an ISP to be an unpaid Private Investigator, Police officer, Lawyer,
Judge and Executioner all in one, what many laws have done or are about to do,
totally lack respect for its citizens it is supposed to guide.
What kind of society have we become when the BVD (Dutch FBI) classify the
nations top internet experts as "anarchistic enemies of the state" because
they're holding a conference ( on privacy, digital rights,
and freedom.
Paul, your work for the common good (bind, ISC, etc) has earned my deepest
respect. But the national security agencies who want to turn this world in
a police state have not. They cannot order my respect. They can not take my
respect. It's just not there.
Yes, working arounds laws, even fundamental human rights, is not the best way
to address these issues, but it seems currently, it is one of the few options
I have left. What can I do when I only have privacy and freedom left on paper,
as an archaic symbol of the past? The legal system has grown beyond the
timespan for individuals to have much meaningful influence if you play it by
that system, hence you don't play it that way anymore. I know technology,
so I'll battle it with technology and let other people who know more about
law fight it on their terrain. Hopefully we'll manage to get the laws under
control again, instead of being totally controlled by laws.
Laws are meant to help citizens and their disputes in a society, and the more
ridicilous laws are passed, the more the citizens will treat them only as
guidelines. You can't have the cake and eat it too.
If only letting of this steam could power an engine :)

@_date: 2001-10-24 13:04:46
@_author: Paul Wouters 
@_subject: RE: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems (fwd) 
I could have sworn I was subscribed to nanog-post :)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The NL has already answered this question last januari. When asked who
needs to be tappable, the answer is "everyone who is offering a public
internet service". Dutch law defines telecommunication as the "transport
of an electronic signal from once physical device to another" and has
defined an IP number as a physical device.
Tapped data needs to be sent through a special protocol, the Transport of
Intercepted IP Traffic (TIIT). Only registered telco's can legally obtain
the specification, which apart from a Dutch standard is an ETSI draft.
More information on  (it was on cryptome a while ago)
(Or hopefully soon my HAL2001 talk will be online at But it is clear to see where this will al end. Windows users on cable
or adsl, running SSL/SASL mailservers on their own desktop, without MX
fallbacks, and without ISP smarthosts.
As a result of sep 11, crypto law proposals haven't really changed much
in the NL (move to controlable 'trusted third parties') but it has put
the issue on the table, out in the open, instead of being sneaked in
through some forgotten political door. Polls helt by newspapers in the
last week showed a majority was in favour of stronger laws for crypto
and mandatory carrying of ID at all times.
I'll just pray that our democracy will never reach a state where every
decision will be made through internet based referendums.
ps. Yes, if following the letter of the law, SSH is illegal for ISP's.
    However, no one has dared yet to submit a key escrow patch to the
    OpenSSH team :)

@_date: 2004-03-10 13:26:58
@_author: Paul Wouters 
@_subject: Re: [Users] Announce: FreeS/WAN Project Ending 
But everyone has vanity domains these days :P
I am assuming dynamic updates will happen more and more.
But the IP address is your only lead. Using the id trick we can use
a dns entry into the forward zone. Forward zones should be a lot
easier then reverse zones.
They don't need to be. I run OE fine on my roadwarrior laptop, because
my forward zone keeps the same. For people who keep changing their
hostname, well if they don't want a stable entry in the largest
distributed database on earth, fine :P
trusted by whom? operated by whom? The whole idea behind OE is that
it is not under the control of a single identity. As soon as you'd
use certificate for this, they would kill it by asking an annual fee
for your certificate, or asking huge sums for intermediate CA's.
The certificate approach is nice for a company, and for shareholders
of verisign.
Please do not say "pgp" and "ease of use" in one sentence :)
OE already works on the 2.6 stack. You only lose the first packet because
that is a fundamental problem in their stack they haven't addressed yet.
You can still send patches :)
Paul FreeS/WAN Users mailing list

@_date: 2004-03-09 16:01:45
@_author: Paul Wouters 
@_subject: Re: [Users] Announce: FreeS/WAN Project Ending 
We have made it simpler, though not faultless yet. If the last bugs are
ironed out, there is no configuration of the user neccessary, apart from
having a valid hostname and key in the forward dns.
Access to the reverse is only needed for OE on servers, not for clients
connecting to it. Also, with the widepsread use of NAT required us to also
store the key in some forward zone.
host -t key vaio.xtdnet.nl.
(or use a txt record)
We have written the hooks for dhclient to push the TXT/KEY record from
your machine into a forward zone you can control. Though I don't think any
of the free dns zones accept dynamic updates might I might be wrong or should
start one myself :P
But this only works because nerds use ssh. If your Director of European Sales
uses somethign like this to connect to the corporate VPN, do you think this
is still such a good idea? Do you think he might click "no" when the key
claims to have changed because his neighbour laptop is being a man in the
Also, for ssh this is used in a scenario where you connect to a few trusted
ssh servers. OE is meant to connect to everyone and their grandmother, and
you would be hitting "yes i don't care the key changed' every 5 minutes.
Why also includes the inability of IETF to come up with decent standards within a decade (KEY record, DNSSEC, secure DHCP), Microsoft's goal of moving
everything into their (or Larry's) LDAP, Verisign/NetSol/ICANN politics
instead of deploying on technical merits, ISC's arcane slow development of
ISC dhcp in the last two years and the ISC "conformance" of the bind software
to not release until the all the AD and the RFC Editor hav died of old age :P
Why also includes "Because OE doesn't properly see when it should shut itself
down because there is no key" which is messing with everyone's static VPN.
Why also included the "no US code" politics, dropped by Openswan.
Sorry for ranting :)
Paul FreeS/WAN Users mailing list

@_date: 2004-03-09 12:17:28
@_author: Paul Wouters 
@_subject: Re: [Users] Announce: FreeS/WAN Project Ending 
Just for the record. It is not "OpenS/WAN" but "Openswan". The main reason for this is the RSA trademark, another reason is that it is easy to break
shell scripts with the silly slash :)
FreeS/WAN Users mailing list

@_date: 2004-03-09 12:15:26
@_author: Paul Wouters 
@_subject: Re: [Users] Announce: FreeS/WAN Project Ending 
I don't entirely agree, but I can see some of your point here. If servers,
who usually have control of their DNS, deploy OE, then the setup for the
enduser consists of having a valid FQDN, and have control over that DNS
entry. That in general is not a problem. There are plenty free forward
dns services available if you can't afford $9.99 for your own domain.
This should also change dramaticly with ipv6, but well, yeah :)
There are other reasons too. Without going into all of those, just consider the fact that FreeS/WAN was privately funded for over five
years, while all the big corporations and even some military are using
it widely. It doesn't make sense this project is still privately
funded. It's time the market takes over now. It had a great free-bee
start to take advantadge of.
That was not a main consideration AFAIK. OE already works with the 2.6
stack, apart from the EAGAIN error on dropping the first packet. They
will have to fix that problem, and recent linux-net discussions have
seen others complain about this issue as well.
Some of the core coders, and some of the volunteers have started a company
and forked the code into Openswan to continue the work and keep development
alive. OE will be part of that as well. But obviously some priorities are
now different. Companies need to make money to survive.
And ofcourse, since the code is GPL, any other group can also pick up the
code and do whatever they want with it.
Paul FreeS/WAN Users mailing list
