
@_date: 2001-09-13 01:56:10
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: An assault on liberty? 
I realize that many will use this event as an excuse for many political agendas, but I think it's important that we think through exactly what happened. It doesn't seem like it was an assault on liberty or a misuse of the liberties we have. Most people can't fly planes. The learning process is long and the licensing requirements are many. Flying a 757 is even more restricted by both cost and licensing requirements. It's not a liberty like walking around the streets or speaking one's mind.
It doesn't seem to me that this attack had anything to do with liberty. It's not like someone abused the right to bear arms by shooting someone, it's not like someone abused the right to speak freely by libeling someone, it's not like someone abused the right to drink alcohol by plowing into a school bus after drinking too much. These guys were unauthorized to have knives, they were unauthorized to have bombs, they were unauthorized to fly 757s, they were probably unauthorized to be in the country. Yet they did all of these despite the controls.
The hard lesson is that controls don't always work. Licensing requirements, security checkpoints, and armed guards fail. It's sad, but there's no physical law like gravity that we can depend upon to keep ourselves safe.
If you ask me, the biggest danger is that we'll add more ineffective security measures in the hopes of doing something.  And the real problem is the controls may never be enough to keep us safe.

@_date: 2001-10-01 13:02:10
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Baltimore Digital Commerce Society-- Korhammer on Lava Trading, 
This event was originally scheduled for October 2nd, but it is being pushed back to November 6th because Lava Trading used to be located on the 83rd floor of the WTC. Richard Korhammer's office was only 50 feet away from where the plane hit. Miraculously all of the company survived. Korhammer was across the street with a client during the entire event.
But please come to listen to hear about their company not about the WTC. They're almost back on-line after having their entire office destroyed.  These guys are building a very cool, cross-exchange tool. It constantly keeps track of the bids and asks on a number of exchanges letting you send your business to where the prices are best. It's fascinating to watch the screen update the quotes in real This kind of semi-automated, trading assistance is bound to become more and more prevalent. I think Lava Trading is doing some of the most interesting stuff around.
Baltimore Digital Commerce Society
Tuesday November 6, 12:30
Speaker: Richard Korhammer, CEO of Lava Trading (
Topic: Networks as Markets-- Why Exchanges are Becoming Virtual
Richard Korhammer is the CEO of LavaTrading, one
of the startup companies in New York diving into
cross-market arbitrage. Their network links
together all of the important market makers in
ECNs and keeps track of all bids and offers.
Buyers and sellers using the technology
automatically get pointers to the best price
possible. Traders with large blocks of stock do
substantially better because Lava Trading will
break up their block to match it with the best
price available across all of the markets. This
cross-market arbitrage improves liquidity for the
market and makes it simpler for traders with large
blocks of stock to wade into the marketplace
without leaving a wake.
In his talk, Korhammer will explore how fast
networking and sophisticated servers can
supplement and potentially replace the old
fashioned stock exchange. Traders won't need to
come to one place or one exchange to search for
the best price because the network can constantly
sort through all buyers and sellers. Korhammer
believes that adding intelligence to the network
and the servers supporting is more efficient than
requiring traders to manually manage an otherwise
complicated marketplace.
Will these cross-exchange tools supplant the
exchange? Will they eventually become the
exchange? Will the disintermediation eventually
make all trading a transparent event?
Location:  11 West Mount Vernon Place, Baltimore,
Directions: The Engineering Society lies in the
shadow of Baltimore's Washington monument in the
center of town. From downtown, take Charles St
north to the monument. The Society is to  the left
on Monument Street. From the north, take 83 south
to Maryland Avenue exit. Follow Maryland Avenue
south until Monument Street. The Society is to the
Or look at this map:
Cost: $14 for a lunch buffet
Questions: pcw
Write me (pcw to tell me if you're coming. Reservations are required.

@_date: 2001-12-20 14:54:42
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Double the Reward for Errors in _Disappearing Cryptography_ 
I'm working on a second edition of _Disappearing Cryptography_, a book about steganography and anonymity on-line. Last week, I offered a $10 reward for anyone who reports the technical errors in the first edition to me. This week I'm doubling the reward to $20 per error. Why? Because I've only gotten one report. That means there are either few errors or the incentive isn't large enough. So let's try again.
Here are the rules:
*) Only the first person to report an error wins a prize. This is the only way to avoid many people submitting the same error again and again and again. I reserve the right to pay duplicate prizes to people who appear to have submitted a duplicate in good faith. (The only one reported is on page 27 in a sentence describing the Euler Totient Function.)
*) I reserve the right to decide the size of an error. If misspellings counted, spelling someone's name incorrectly throughout the entire book would only count as one error.
*) First person is judged by the time the error arrives in my mailbox, pcw
*) Only technical errors count. Grammar and spelling errors could bankrupt me, even after the copy editing fixes 99%.
*) Please submit the page number.
*) Please let me know if you want your name included in the thanks at the beginning of the book.
Thank you. You're free to forward this offer to any other list.

@_date: 2001-12-11 21:45:43
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Earn Cash, Find Errors in _Disappearing Cryptography_. 
I'm working on a second edition of _Disappearing Cryptography_, a book about steganography and anonymity on-line. In the interests of removing any errors from previous editions, I'm offering a $10 reward for anyone who reports the technical errors to me.
Here are the rules:
*) Only the first person to report an error wins a prize. This is the only way to avoid many people submitting the same error again and again and again. I reserve the right to pay duplicate prizes to people who appear to have submitted a duplicate in good faith.
*) I reserve the right to decide the size of an error. If misspellings counted, spelling someone's name wrong through out the entire book would only count as one error.
*) First person is judged by the time the error arrives in my mailbox, pcw
*) Only technical errors count. Grammar and spelling errors could bankrupt me, even after the copy editing fixes 99%.
*) Please submit the page number.
*) Please let me know if you want your name included in the thanks at the beginning of the book.
Thank you. You're free to forward this offer to any other list.

@_date: 2002-05-01 22:19:03
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: re: Satellite Hacking Article Now Free 
Nothing. I think that's correct. The only problem is broadcasting the keys is not simple. The latest systems change keys frequently-- as often as every 20 or 30 seconds I seem to remember. If you change the channel, you need a new key. It's not like the old days when the key changed daily or monthly.
If you have such a service broadcasting the keys, it's not too hard to track you down. So I think it's not a practical solution.

@_date: 2002-05-01 18:31:53
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Satellite Hacking Article Now Free 
Last year I wrote a long piece about people hacking DirecTV satellite signals. Now I'm releasing it for free to the web with a couple of embedded ads for my latest books. If you're interested in a few clever people who find ways to defeat some of the best security systems available, you might want to read it.
The link is at the top  of my home page/blog:
If you can't find it there, try here:
You are free to circulate this as long as you leave the ads for _Disappearing Cryptography_ and _Translucent Databases_ in place.
Please be aware that there is a new legal climate in Canada, the hotbed for most of the public hacking. The Canadian Supreme Court effectively re-criminalized the behavior with a new decision last Friday, April 22. Before that date, the lower courts accepted the arguments of the pirates who claimed that the law didn't protect DirecTV because DirecTV wasn't legally broadcasting in Canada. This changes the legal equation, but it doesn't affect one of the major root causes of the piracy. Canadians who want to watch the better, cheaper American programming will still have no choice but to steal If you have thoughts, suggestions or pointers, please don't hesitate to contact me.
Peter Wayner
