
@_date: 2002-08-01 11:40:25
@_author: pcwealth@yahoo.com 
@_subject: Is Your Financial Future Setup the Way it Should Be? 
"Thank you for posting your link on our free links page. Feel free to post your message as often as you like. This is a one time confirmation of your posting so there is no need to request removal as you have not been added to our email list." PureInvestor is an organization that provides you with an opportunity to access a wealth of Financial Management and Investment Analyst expertise that is generally available only to major investment market players. Most people are not fortunate enough to have enough money to invest. So combining an Investment Club with an Affiliate program enables members to generate investment capital. Through the Investment Club principle we are able to leverage the investment power of our membership to ensure sound analysis and portfolio management that maximizes the yield on investment capital.
Receive your own website, just like this one.
Join PureInvestor Today and take Control of your Financial Future
The PureInvestor system has been designed to be RISK FREE. With only 4 people on Level 1 your monthly fee will be covered. This does not mean your personally sponsored members, they can also be from upline referrals. And with only 169 referrals you will be making $1,500.00 per month, which is enough to have a good monthly income plus investment capital.
The incredible part of the program is reverse matrix, when you have your 1st 7x4 matrix filled PureInvestor creates a second matrix for YOU and then invites your first matrix members to join your second matrix in Reverse Order. This not only ensure growth because new members have the opportunity of being at the top of the matrix but it also DOUBLES YOUR INCOME
Once you become a member of the PureInvestor Organization here is a list of some of the benefits the member received from the founders. Where else can you receive so much support.
Debit Card:
Debit Card enables you to access your account funds by using it as Debit or ATM card.
Investment and education are a key feature of PureInvestor providing a stable income for you and your family in the short, medium and long term.
Coop Shares:
You can purchase, sell and monitor the growth of your Coop Share value on a monthly basis indicating the current month profits and the accrued profits per share.
Management of your investment portfolio is an essential part of sound financial strategy, here you are able to analyze, add and dispose of investments you have in your portfolio.
We know that not everyone is a financial analyst or knowledgeable when it comes to investment. Because of this PureInvestor provides a comprehensive self-paced courses on investing.
Having a problem, we are just an email away, our support team are here to assist you in achieving your goals.
Not sure how to market your site, we provide you with the aids to promote your site and build a successful team.
Your success is very important to us and we are here to help you as much as we, we want you to succeed because then we succeed.
To YOUR SUCCESS
PC Wealth Safelist
