
@_date: 2001-10-18 00:10:29
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Public Anonymity (Re: FIPR Release 16/10/2001: EMERGENCY POWERS 
This is simply wrong. There are several techniques which can provide public
anonymity, ie anonymity when _all_ parts of the communication system are
compromised. Some are well-known.
I have been working on this for some time, for possible inclusion in
m-o-o-t. I'm thinking of publishing a paper on this soon, and I have
attached part of an early draft of the introduction, which gives an
overview. It's just notes, I haven't finished it, so don't expect total
accuracy (or clarity).

@_date: 2002-02-12 01:49:02
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Where's the smart money? 
I don't know whether to smile, or call you an arsehole, you give few clues -
"economic growth"?.
I just hope that if your suggestion is taken up then all the bills that are
declared invalid belong to you, and thus not to me or anyone else.
Even credit card invalidity is not thoroughly recognised these days - just
before Christmas I ordered a CD which was sent, even though I'd
inadvertantly gone over my limit and the payment authorisation was refused -
they wrote a note telling me so on the delivery invoice. A human being, not
a computer system.
People give cash notes to other people, who may or may not be retailers. If
it's not humanly recognisable without a terminal, it's likely to be refused.
I suppose they could do an introduction of new notes, like they did with the
Euro, but I can't see it working.
And after a few exchanges on the lines of "It won't pass the box" - "Give me
my change or I'll break your head" I suspect the retailer boxes would become
as likely to be sabotaged as the notes.
What about eg markets where there is no electricity, never mind connectivity
to check notes? R. Branson started there, for one.
Cash has it's place, but requiring electronic confirmation is exactly where
it isn't. We have credit cards for that. Cash needs to be authenticatable by
humans alone.

@_date: 2002-02-11 19:11:36
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Where's the smart money? 
Not having a microwave (or any unwanted money) to experiment, I have to ask
if the metallic strips in present notes would survive microwaving either.
