
@_date: 2012-05-30 05:30:27
@_author: Peter Maxwell 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh traffic? 
Fair enough.  Out of interest: how many systems have you known to be
compromised via ssh public key auth?  Now, how many systems have you seen
compromised through bad password handling?
No, I deliberately did not make such an assumption.  My argument was one of
like-for-like comparison: if users cannot handle private keys with minimal
care then they also cannot handle passwords with minimal care and neither
method wins, although arguably public key auth still has advantages.
That users know passwords and they "work" is a large part of the problem
with passwords: the same low entropy security token is used for multiple
systems with varying levels of sensitivity.  When using passwords, both the
user and the end systems must, in general, be trusted with the security
token; so say a user uses the same password on 20 services then *all* of
those services must be secure *and* the user must keep the password secure.
 For public key auth, only the user must keep the private key secure, the
other systems do not require trust.
It is not difficult, sshd does port-forwarding in the default
configuration.  All that is required is the user knowing to port-forward
through the intermediate host instead of copying their private key to it,
which is a basic standard management/user education problem.
And before anyone suggests this is impossible or difficult, I have seen a
similar system with several thousand users and hundreds of hosts without
people leaving their private keys all over the shop.  The policy is easy
enough to enforce, if a private key is found where it shouldn't be then the
users' public keys are removed from all hosts and they are required to
create new keys and start again.  This stuff isn't magic, its basic
security management.
I call that poor management, whether the programmers in question are
productive or not.
There is no *requirement* for private ssh keys to be stored on more than
one host in your scenario, that's just people choosing not to do it.
Au contraire, the thing that organisations with good security records all
have in common is good management.  There's many an organisation with good
technical security but without decent security process and they tend to
fail badly.

@_date: 2012-05-29 01:03:13
@_author: Peter Maxwell 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh traffic? 
To make an analogy: people still manage to kill themselves in cars fitted
with seat-belts and airbags.  That does not imply those measures are not an
improvement but rather that the improvement is a statistical one.
Similarly, just because some numpty stores private keys in plaintext does
not imply that public key auth is not in general an improvement over
password auth.  Yes, it is not magical but if the users of such systems
cannot handle private keys with at least minimal care, there are bigger
problems afoot.
If multiple users need to use SSH on multiple hosts, they should store the
private key on removable media and use it from a limited number of hosts;
to "hop" from one host to another, create a port-forward on the first ssh
session form which the second ssh session can connect through to the
destination host, hence obviating the requirement for copying private keys
and ensuring the intermediate hosts cannot decrypt any traffic.
I have yet to encounter a problem in real life that requires private ssh
keys to be copied all over the shop and when it happens, it's bad
management, which no technical measure is going to sort.
