
@_date: 2003-09-15 10:40:16
@_author: "p.cole peters" 
@_subject: Soliciting For Business Venture and Partnership. 
Email: petercole55
Attn: Soliciting For Business Venture and Partnership. My name is Peter Cole Chairman of contract award and monitoring committee of Ministry of Urban and rural development ,my duty as empowered by the Mauritius Government is to provide the basic amenities,social recreational activities in urban and rural areas,This programm includes assistance to deprived Local communities and to co-ordinate projects and development at the national level, Furthermore, from this projects we have been able to secure some reasonable amount of U.S.$21.8m(Twenty one Million Eight Hundred Thousand U.S.Dollars Only)as commision from various Contractors resulting from over invoicing ,hence all the necessary approvals has been completed. These approved fund is now packaged and despatched through a security company for onward delivery to its final destination. These fund are first deposited into a vault security before we arrange for its movement to Europe through diplomatic channel using decoy purporting that the fund belongs to an expatriate/company , as we are Government officiale ,we are not allowed to operate/own foreign bank account,Hence we need you to stand as the beneficiary and claim the fund on our behalf from the security company. Presently I am now in Europe to search for a reliable person/company of high intergrity /dignity and one with conscience who will claim this fund on our behalf as the beneficiary,and we have agreed to give you 25% of the total sum as commission for your assistance/effort. And 5% will be used to settle every expenses incurred. We will use 70% to invest under your recommendations and guide and to go into joint venture business with you. I would greatly appreciate your assistance .Also you call me on my telephone number for more briefing 0031-630353886 as I look forward to your response as soon as possible. And send to me your private telephone number for easy reach.
Best regards, Peter Cole
  Gratuito, latino y en español.
