
@_date: 2018-09-29 22:17:22
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Not relevant here, but fundamentally - old hippy, still.
Not an anarchist, there are obvious individual and collective benefits to having some sort of state.
Used to be a libertarian minimalist (that probably means something completely different to US persons;  I mean wanting a minimal state, but neither US style left-wing nor right-wing libertarianism).
Communism fails because it has no place for value; right-wing strong property anarchocapitalism fails because it has no heart.
After that the main problem seems to be that a state is run by people, and power corrupts - or maybe they were corrupt anyway. I don't necessarily mean greed-led corruption, it takes many forms. Like Mother Theresa - a stone bitch. You have to suffer to get to heaven - not for me, or my God if I had one.
Another problem is pigeon-holing - the state categorises people and treats everyone in those categories as the same, when they aren't the same.
So we have to balance the benefits of having a state with the disbenefits of corruption, pigeon-holing, etc. In general it seems better to have a state, especially if it's the right state, or not too wrong - those benefits are powerful things.
So nowadays I'd go with liberal, in the sense that the state should not stop people from doing things unless there is a very good reason to. But note, these categorising words mean very different things to US and UK Life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness - Jefferson got that much right. A bit like Maslow's hierarchy of needs. Sadly, the pursuit of happiness doesn't seem to be an inalienable right any more.
"Democracy is the worst type of state, apart from everything else we have tried." On one hand, Trump and Brexit - on the other, ?hope. On the gripping hand ...
And I haven't touched on what to do when people's rights conflict  with other people's rights .. or with the "rights" of the state, only properly there ain't no such thing; the state has no rights, only people can have rights.
The people of a state can en masse have rights, but not the state itself - something which is too often forgotten by employees of the state.

@_date: 2018-09-29 09:56:08
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Polystyrene foam. [3] cf Grenfell tower.
oh, but I did. I didn't see the fire itself of course, but I saw plenty evidence of it. Certainly enough to consider the fire structurally Beijing TVCC was widely reported as being steel, but according to the architects that's wrong.
 I was going to suggest that it's confusion between the n-shaped tower and the hotel (finally sorted that out, the complex contains a n-shaped tower and a mostly-rectangular hotel with sloping lower parts - the hotel burned, the main n-shaped block didn't), but the  n-shaped tower is also composite with steel sections covered in reinforced concrete. [2]
Also if you look close at the wreckage you can see the concrete core.
Been browsing found this: Before 9/11 45% of buildings over 150m (about 50 stories) were built of steel. Since 9/11 it's less than 5%. [1]
Out of the 100 tallest buildings built since 9/11, only 2 are steel.
It seems people who build tall buildings seem to think that steel buildings, especially new-style steel buildings, aren't worth the risk.
WTC was an urban renewal project, built on the cheap to substandard requirements - the Port Authority could and did overrule the NYC buildings code whenever it wanted to save money. It wasn't meant to be the jewel in the NYC skyline.
Structurally, it was a piece of crap. Tinsel with rocks.

@_date: 2018-09-27 10:14:29
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Not as in the video, especially as I thought it was scaffolding which was burning.
Even so, it's only the outside of the building which is burning, it isn't particularly destructive as yet.
Mea culpa, I was confusing it with Shanghai 2010.
In the video it was most probably cladding not scaffolding burning. It was still outside the main structure. Not structurally threatening.
Yet I included it, where I excluded Shanghai 2010 (?rc?) and this (reinforced concrete, nice timelapse) because the fire didn't get into the center of the building:
The point of my note on Beijing TVCC was that I don't know the actual extent of the fire. I believe that is because of Chinese reticence and the lingering censorship.
To be included in the structurally significant category we are looking for evidence of duration and extent. Roughly, a raging uncontrolled fire for an hour or more, over most of several floors, ie in the center of the building not just the exterior.
In Beijing TVCC I haven't seen evidence of a raging uncontrolled fire in the center of the building (your video only shows a small part of the outside of the building burning).
But I included it anyway, under guesswork, because I thought it most likely would have been larger than we see in the videos.
I am still not sure Beijing TVCC counts. Take a look at this:
Yes much of the outside burned - but did the inside?
Also, is that very large core steel, or is it concrete? I have seen some concrete lower parts shown elsewhere ... hmmm...
A bit of research later, the Beijing TVCC entry should read:
Beijing TV Cultural Center 2009   rc/steel
My apologies, it isn't a steel-framed building after all.

@_date: 2018-09-26 08:32:24
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Only when he was annoyed at Dad for not bringing him cigarettes when he visited - Eric had TB. A bit after the war, Eric was writing nineteen eighty-four, living on Jura, an island off the West coast of Scotland, with no shops.
I guess they had a different attitude to cigarettes and death in those days,'cos Dad always gave in and gave him the cigarettes he had hidden in the boot of his car.
By then Dad had had 10 siblings, 9 of whom had died. He had seen all the rest of his RAF graduating class, and half his squadron mates [1], get killed. And now Eric, his best friend, was dying too.
He ended up marrying Eric's sister's husband's cousin (my Mum).
[1] he flew joint missions with Joseph Heller, though I don't think they knew each other. But, Catch-22 ...

@_date: 2018-09-26 07:53:56
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
I guess the Chinese authorities found it hard to deny that the fire existed. They did try to censor it. But reticence and censorship may well play a part in the lack of easily-available data about the fire.
What I couldn't find is details like the result of the fire, time uncontrolled inside the building, and the extent of the fire.
But I didn't look very hard, or for very long. I looked at about 110 fires, picked out those I thought were structurally significant, then looked for data on materials of construction.
In about 8 cases where I couldn't find any data on the extent of the fire I excluded it. In about 10 cases where data was scant I either excluded or included the fire based on partial data and guesswork.
Some of the materials listed, especially for the smaller buildings, are the result of a quick look at a photo and "that's obviously rc", rather than written sources. And many of the sources were second or third or fifth hand, but I just used the first one I came on which had the data I was looking for in it.
And all in about 4 hours. So don't expect too much.
No. It certainly doesn't look structurally significant.
"By structurally significant I mean where by my estimation there was significant insult to the structural parts of the building from fire - roughly, a large fire over much of the area of several floors, which lasted uncontrolled for an hour or more, and eg where the fire wasn't mostly on the outside of the building."
It looks spectacular, but if that was the worst of it I'd take it off my list of structurally significant fires.
What is shown there is a fire in outer parts of one or two lower floors on one side, fire in parts of one corner of the building - not large parts, the building is huuuge - and a whole lot of fire on the outside of the building, in the bamboo scaffolding.
By far the most spectacular part was the when the bamboo scaffolding caught fire, not the building itself. Engulfed in flames, yes. Structurally significant, no.
BTW the explosions are bamboo scaffolding - the air in the closed bamboo segments gets hot and expands, then the bamboo gives way explosively.
I wasn't sure that the Beijing TV fire counts - afaict most of the fire is outside where it doesn't insult the structure. But I included it anyway, on my best guess.
As I said, the list wasn't meant to be authoritative, inclusive or exclusive: merely indicative.
The nearby Mandarin Oriental hotel which was set on fire by the Beijing TV station may have been worthy of inclusion too, or perhaps instead of - some of the "Beijing TV fire" videos are actually of the nearby hotel, not Beijing TV - but I couldn't be bothered sorting it out.
ps the Beijing TV building was under construction, so there wouldn't have been carpets, furnishings, office equipment, standby generator fuel etc to feed the fire. That would have helped it survive. I was going to exclude fires were the building was under construction - they are surprisingly common -but decided not to.

@_date: 2018-09-25 07:19:15
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Very roughly, in the 50 years since 1968 I have found 38 structurally significant fires in tall buildings.
By structurally significant I mean where by my estimation there was significant insult to the structural parts of the building from fire - roughly, a large fire over much of several floors and which lasted uncontrolled for an hour or more, and eg where the fire wasn't mostly on the outside of the building.
Please don't regard these lists as in any way complete or authoritative - it was just a quick data grab, back-of-the-envelope stuff. I surely missed out, or got the structural material, insult or outcome wrong, on one or two or more cases due to the rushed nature of the enquiry. Cases, especially from Russia and China, were excluded because data was lacking or censored.
I'd guesstimate I included over 50% of all such fires worldwide, with their details about 70% correct. Corrections welcome, though I don't know that I'd do anything with them other than read them.
In 8 of these cases the main structural material of the building was steel. These are:
First Interstate Tower     1988   steel             [1]
1 World Trade Center       2001   steel             total collapse
2 World Trade Center       2001   steel             total collapse
7 World Trade Center       2001   steel             total collapse
90 West Street             2001   steel             [2]
Beijing TV Cultural Center 2009   steel             [3]
Plasco Building            2017   steel             total collapse
Wilton Paes de Almeida     2018   steel             total collapse
The remaining 30 fires were in reinforced concrete buildings. I have marked some composite buildings where the main load-bearing structure is concrete as rc. Where parts of the building were supported by reinforced concrete and distinct other parts were supported by steel I have marked then rc/steel.
Taeyongak Hotel            1971   rc
Andraus Building           1972   rc
Joelma Building            1974   rc
Campbell Shopping Complex  1976   rc                partial collapse
MGM Grand Hotel            1980   rc
Las Vegas Hilton           1981   rc
Minneapolis Thanksgiving   1982   rc/steel          demolished
Dupont Plaza Hotel         1986   rc
Peachtree 25th Building    1989   rc
One Meridian Plaza         1991   rc/steel          demolished
UNITIC Twin Towers         1992   rc
Sarajevo Executive Council 1992   rc
Hotel Olympik              1995   rc
Garley building            1996   rc
Ušće Tower                 1999   rc
Parque Central East        2004   rc/steel
Windsor Tower              2005   rc/steel         partial collapse
Hajar Tower                2008   rc/steel
Bashundhara City Tower     2009   rc
Abraj Al Bait Towers       2009   rc
Shanghai fire              2010   rc
Dynasty Wanxin             2010   rc
Hanoi                      2011   rc
Federation Tower East      2012   rc
Oko Tower 1                2013   rc
Grozny-City Towers         2013   rc
The Marina Torch           2015   rc
Wisma Kosgoro              2015   rc
Baku residence building    2015   rc
Marco Polo Apartments      2017   rc
[1] Fema report: "Unusually good application of fire resistive coating helped maintain structural integrity in fire." [*]
[2] Extensive use of terracotta is said to have helped prevent collapse
[3] Chinese reticence and/or censorship makes available data uncertain
I don't want you to accept the NIST report. I don't think I'd accept it myself. But I know very little about WTC7, especially compared to 1+2.

@_date: 2018-09-25 06:16:59
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Eric Blair sometimes called my Dad Fairbigbrother or Bigfairbrother (they were close friends). :)
I don't think Big Brother was named after him though.
begin quote"
WTC was rated for 3 hours major fire resistance.
Put that another way - *it was rated so that it _would_ collapse after 3 (or so) hours of major conflagration*.
It's in the design docs.
"end quote.
Now examining the first part of that, I hope you aren't denying that the steel columns in WTC1+2 and WTC7 were rated for some degree of fire I hope you are not denying that nowadays the required level for a building that size is 4 hours, as you can find in the original reference:
Good luck, that's a long task I generally leave to others, particularly lawyers. It's a bit like a law - of course it actually is a law in most places - this bit refers to that bit, often by number or code or clause, you have to start by reading the whole thing then focus on the part you Then I suppose you will have to find the externalities like where the NYC building codes include the IBC, and whether the Port Authority has overridden NYC, and so on, in order to complete the path.
I guess somewhere the 1969 versions of these are available, but I feel no need to look for them.
A simple one-page original authoritative ref? Doesn't exist afaik.
Another thing you will find there is that the rating is for the resistance of the column and the fire protective material taken together, rather than for the fire protective material alone.
Alternatively you can find the Standard Test Methods for Fire Tests of Building Construction and Materials here: That the steel columns in WTC1+2 and WTC7 were rated for 3 hours rather than 4 hours fire resistance, well I don't think it makes much difference, and I can't be bothered to plough through garbage to perhaps find anything original when there are so many second-hand ref's.
NIST say it was so. So do almost everybody else. Plus if NIST had been wrong about that the lawyers would have been all over it like flies. So it's pretty likely that's true - and as I said it doesn't matter much whether it's 3 hours or 4 hours.
Now for the second part of what I said: it begins "Put that another way" - in other words the next part is my rewriting or conclusion, drawn from "*it was rated so that it _would_ collapse after 3 (or so) hours of major conflagration*" is a valid conclusion drawn from the 3 hour fire protection requirement, as the building would obviously collapse if the main columns failed; and it was presented as such.
The rating is a minimum rating, and the "(or so)" part was included to indicate that.
If I misled anyone into believing my conclusion was in the design docs by the positioning of third part, I apologise. "It's in the design docs" referred to the requirement, not my conclusion about it.
In my defense, I thought that was obvious. I  didn't believe anyone would think it referred to my conclusion (I didn't write the design docs after all) rather than the requirement.
Nor did I think anyone would seriously think the design docs would say "it _would_ collapse after 3 (or so) hours of major conflagration" ... I don't imagine anyone in their position would write that, even though it is true.

@_date: 2018-09-24 06:40:52
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
One ought to learn to sort out the obviously bullshit.
Begins: "Never before or after 9/11 have steel framed buildings collapsed due to fire".
Unfortunately that is simply not true; nor relevant to what purports to be a comparison between WTC and Windsor Tower, as Windsor Tower was not steel-framed (nor incomplete as later stated). I didn't bother watching much more.
Windsor Tower was a composite building with a large occupied reinforced concrete core. The outer parts were steel-framed. There was a separate reinforced concrete service tower.
The reinforced concrete core and service tower survived the extensive and prolonged fire.
The lower steel-framed outer parts, which had not been exposed to such prolonged fire, which were still supported by the reinforced concrete core, and which were protected from falling debris and progressive collapse from above by the reinforced mechanical floor [1], survived.
About a tenth of the steel-framed part of the top 11 floors which was protected and supported between the reinforced concrete service tower and the core also survived.
The rest of the upper 11 stories of the steel-framed part of the building collapsed.
 shows the surviving concrete core.
 and
 show where the outer parts have collapsed and some of the debris.
The building was originally rectangular - the outsides of the top have fallen off leaving the core sticking up.
[1] The reinforced mechanical floor can be seen in
 - it was about the 19th floor, at the bottom of the collapse, with no windows.

@_date: 2018-09-23 05:04:15
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
The mechanism is of course simply that the heavy concrete floors of the top twenty or ten stories, partly held together by the outrigger truss system in the roof, fell one or two stories onto the concrete floor below when the fire softened and buckled the steel structure supporting The fallen-on floor gave way almost at once, and the concrete fell on the floor below that, now with increased weight. And so on.
The remaining intact shell and the speed of collapse mostly kept the falling bits together, though as the concrete floors fell the shell also broke apart and fell.
While rare, Progressive Collapses, where the collapse happens story by story, are hardly unknown.
Most commonly, progressive collapses progress from the ground upwards, with floors falling because their support has previously fallen: well-known examples include the Oklahoma City Bombing.
Slightly less common is when the collapse starts higher up and progresses downwards, with floors falling because higher floors have fallen on them and overloaded them, as in WTC1 and 2. The term Pancake Collapse is sometimes loosely used for these, although the distinction is not always rigidly applied.
Apart from WTC examples of downward-progressing pancake collapse include the collapses of Plasko and L'Ambiance Plaza, and the partial collapses of Skyline Towers and of Ronan Point.
Actually Ronan Point was both a pancake and a progressive collapse - the collapse of floors 18 to 1 progressed downwards in pancake fashion, then later the collapse of floors 19 to 22 progressed upwards.
Pancake Collapse is also known in some types of ten story residential buildings whose construction makes them prone to fail in this way, especially in fires - where the term originated (long before 9/11).
There have been about 12 progressive collapses in highrises or skyscrapers caused by other means than fire since 1950, the majority of which were in steel framed buildings.
There have been about 30-40 major or floor-wide fires in highrises or skyscrapers since 1950, about four of which pancake collapsed either wholly or partially.
Apart from WTC, none of those fires were unfought, none of the buildings were of lightweight tube-framed structure, and none had such significant damage pre-accompanying the fire.

@_date: 2018-09-22 02:02:49
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Most steel-framed buildings are still built with either a 3 or 4 hour structural steel fire rating for columns - for other steel like girders, spandrels and trusses the ratings are less.
Can't be bothered to look up any original references, and they need a lawyer to interpret anyway, but it's in the International Building Code, which the NYC building codes are based on.
Class 1A requires a 4 hour rating for columns, Class 1B 3 hours. Parts of the WTC 1+2 columns were protected to Class 1A, but mostly they were Class 1B.
Nowadays a building the size of WTC1+2 would have to have a 4 hour rating, but it wasn't a requirement in the 60's.
Incidentally, the floor trusses were not even up to 1B Class standard (2 hours for trusses), needing 38mm of SFRM rather than the 13mm they had (the Port Authority overruled the NYC building code and specified 13mm).
The significance of this discrepancy wasn't entirely realised at the time they were built, and they were refurbishing the truss SFRM on an off-and-on basis when the buildings collapsed, but had only done 19 floors.
WTC7 was built to class 1B. It wasn't a tube-framed building, so it didn't pancake from the top like WTC 1+2.
The WTC7 collapse looks much more like a building implosion, but there are no explosions to be seen or heard, and some details are wrong.

@_date: 2018-09-21 09:23:14
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
A B-25 crashed into the Empire State building in the 1940's, but that was about 10 tons flying at about 150 mph, versus 150 tons at 500 mph.
A cargo 747 crashed into a 10 story apartment building in Amsterdam in 1992 [1]. It was flying straight down when it hit. IIrc 40-odd people were killed. The building was made of reinforced concrete, and the part which was hit was demolished down to the ground by the impact, but the fire was put out quickly and most of the rest of the building was OK.
An Air France Concord crashed into the ground then hit a three-story hotel, killing 4 on the ground and all on the plane.
Then there was the Pentagon, and there are are some cases of large aircraft hitting houses and light aircraft crashing into various buildings.
But apart from WTC there have been no incidents where a large aircraft has crashed into a high-rise, skyscraper or large steel framed building, either before or since.
[1] I was in Amsterdam and heard the crash - we were warned on short-wave radio to stay inside because there might have been nerve gas in the plane. The ordinary radio said all was well. Didn't know whether to be scared or not.
WTC1+2 were built of sprayed fire resistant material coated steel (SFRM/S) structure to a lightweight-framed-tube design.
Very few buildings like them were ever built, the lightweight-framed-tube design went out of fashion in the late 70's/ 80's.
SFRM/S is still used sometimes though, if you want cheap - although if eg the chance of war damage is high then it would be excluded. That's partly why the Burj Khalifa is built of reinforced concrete.
In most cases of fires in high-rise buildings, the building is made of reinforced concrete, not SFRM/S. The concrete protects the steel much better against heat than SFRM.
In general SFRM/S buildings do not collapse in actual fires, though if the fire lasts for a long time in one place they can be badly damaged, come close to collapse, or even collapse.
Most fires are progressive, and in high-rises very often spread is upward by external means, the flames outside the building setting the downwind parts of higher stories aflame rather then whole floors being on fire.
Most fires are fought by firemen, who tend to start at the bottom and work up - so while a fire may last several hours, an individual part of the building is unlikely to be on fire the whole of that time.
Also, WTC had no sprinklers. Modern buildings have them as standard, and many are refitted with them. Even when they fail to control the spread of a fire, they lower the temperature.
Apart from WTC:
There are no other cases of large fires in high rises where the fire spread so quickly.
There are no other cases of fires in SFRM/S buildings which lasted for more than four hours in one place.
There are few other cases of fires in SFRM/S high-rises in which an entire floor was on fire. Most often only one side of the building burns, the fire spreading up the outside of the windward side.
Of these few cases, One Meridian Plaza springs to mind - the SFRM there was rated for four hours, not the usual three. The fire lasted for 11 hours, though not at full intensity in any one place - it covered nine floors, and was least fought by firefighters.
Even so, the building came very close to collapsing, and later had to be demolished (by disassembly, not explosives).
I know of no other cases where there was a large fire in a SFRM/S high-rise and no firemen to fight it.
I know of no other cases of large fires in high rises which were preceded by such extensive mechanical damage.
I expect there are examples of the last two, in war situations or the like. If anyone knows of any could they let me know please.
WTC1+2 collapsed because they were built of unusual materials (sprayed fire resistant material/steel), and to an unusual design (lightweight framed-tube). One might expect the method of collapse to be unusual.
If they had been made of reinforced concrete, to a traditional design, they wouldn't have collapsed. They wouldn't have been so tall though, and they would have been more expensive to build.
If they had been made to a traditional steel-framed design, even with SFRM/S, it is unlikely that they would have collapsed, and certainly not in that way. But then they would have used twice as much steel, and been twice as expensive.
WTC7 fell because there were no firemen to put the blaze out. The mechanical damage might have provided a point of first failure, but it wasn't really significant, the building would have collapsed anyway.
There probably weren't enough firemen in Manhattan to fight the initial five major fires in WTC7, even if they hadn't been busy with WTC1+2 - and then there weren't enough firemen as they were either dead or busy rescuing people elsewhere.
The rescue firemen stayed until 2:30 or so, but there never was any significant attempt to actually fight the fires in WTC7.
They were too big, there weren't enough firemen, plus the water mains had been destroyed by the collapse of WTC1+2. There wasn't anything the fire department could do to fight the fires.
So the fires went unfought and merged into a single blaze - and guess what, a building which was rated for 3 hours structural fire resistance lasted on fire for 7 hours hours before collapsing.
- Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2018-09-20 08:33:37
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
If you are talking about QTC1 and WTC2, while at first glance the collapses may look like explosive demolitions, if you look closely they are very different.
(I think you mean explosive demolition, or perhaps building implosion - a controlled demolition is just a demolition which is done to a plan, manual demolitions are supposed to be controlled too. "Controlled Demolitions" are also a large firm)
First, let's look at some real explosive demolitions of large-ish structures. There are many ways to do explosive demolitions and implosions, and they are often computer-modelled to a fare-thee-well these days, but here's a start.
If you have a tallish large building and you want it to implode into it's own footprint, in the the modern classic implosion method, you start by weakening it with pneumatic hammers and chisels.
In the actual explosion you might first cut up two sides, but leaving some horizontal strength so that as they collapse downwards they pull the other two sides inwards: then once those walls are in motion, cut the bottoms of them - but leaving the rest of them uncut so they have enough strength to lean inwards as a whole.
In general, you leave some strength in the bits which are falling, so they can drag not-yet-falling bits with them.
Another common technique is where a large structure is first weakened with high explosives and/or linear charges to cut some steel and concrete columns and beams; then a few milliseconds or seconds later low explosives are used to move the remaining structure away and to eg ensure the cut ends of the columns move in the direction you want them to.
 From outside you hear first the cutting charges, crack-crack-crack, then the shifting charges, boom-boom-boom. Though they tend to let them all off at once nowadays, which I think is a pity.
The cutting charges can be distributed through the building, but mostly they are at the bottom - shifting charges are almost entirely at the bottom.
There is a variation on this theme where the building is divided into two or three horizontal parts, and modern classic is used on each part. This is done for safety, the preweakening with chisels etc which is normally done being judged too dangerous (or too time-consuming). Also it can limit spread.
One characteristic of the modern classic method is that the bottoms of the buildings are always cut, which means that the lower stories begin to fall at the same time as the upper stories.
There are other methods, but the only one I know of where the bottom stories don't start to fall at the same time as the upper stories is what I might call the chop-it-in-half method. It tends to be used on 10-15 story buildings with one longer side.
It does have a few advantages; it uses less explosives, it is quick and simple to set up, and it is fairly easy to ensure that most of the rubble falls to one side. You chop off 5 stories by blowing a vertical slice in one long side of the building 5 stories down from the top - this then collapses, and the top 5 stories fall as a lump to that side. You can do this twice in one go, so chopping off ten stories.
You tend to be left with a pile of rubble that's five stories high, but that can be dealt with in non-explosive ways (and the rubble has to be dealt with anyway).
So, what do we see in the WTC1-2 collapses?
In WTC2 there are fires and damage about 20 stories down from the top. The fire seems to cover an entire floor. One corner of the building's shell is badly damaged.
The top 20 stories tilt and drop a little, giving off dust/smoke, and then fall vertically down on through the remaining stories in a ball of dust or smoke. The bottom stories remain intact and in place until the falling top stories hit them. Some vertical core structure remains for a few seconds.
(the dust and smoke as the top tilts is not the result of explosives, too slow, wrong velocity profile. It's just shake)
In some videos we can see the dust and smoke coming out of the building in puffs, floor by floor, though it doesn't come out from all sides This may look superficially like the result of highly-timed [2] and controlled sequence of explosions, but it comes out too slowly to be the result of explosives and is almost certainly caused by the floors collapsing under the weight of the top 20 stories falling on them, pushing out the air which was in them, along with concrete dust, paper, etc into the ball of dust.
(the concrete floors of the top 20 stories weighed 12,500 tons - each lower floor was rated for a static load of 1,300 tons, and would have had absolutely no chance whatsoever of stopping the moving weight from In WTC1 there is a fire and damage about ten stories down. The fire seems to cover more than one story.
The top ten stories then twist slightly, and fall. The building collapses in a ball of dust and smoke, from the top downwards. It lasted longer than WTC2 probably because the weight above the fire was only about half the weight at WTC2.
Again some core remains temporarily.
So, none of the usual overall implosion or explosive demolition techniques were used on WTC. Having a shortish top part fall down onto a taller bottom part and then breaking it is occasionally used for chimneys or some brick-built structures, but not for large or steel framed buildings.
There is no evidence from the videos of the use of explosives. Nor do we hear any detonations.
So, if there were any explosives, where were they placed? How were they placed, it would take months with full access to prepare the WTC for What sort of explosives? When did they go off?
What were they supposed to *do*?
If a traditional demolition or implosion, they didn't work - there wasn't one.
If they were supposed to weaken the lower part of the building, why? 12,500 tons moving vs 1,300 tons static, no chance whatsoever. No point. Any competent structural engineer would have told them that [1], and they would have needed one to successfully use any explosives.
If they were supposed to weaken the floors which were on fire, well either they guessed which floors would be hit pretty accurately or they weakened maybe 20 floors in total. And again, to absolutely no point.
The impact and fire would start the job. And gravity, mass and momentum would finish it.

@_date: 2018-09-18 12:11:37
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
1st stage: After the fireball, the first flames were jet fuel burning, with a limited air supply, so the smoke was black (lots of unburned carbon). Flame temperature was probably about 600-700 C.
Comparatively low temperature, but still plenty hot. It would have set everything which would burn in probably the entire floorspace on fire - I doubt any partition walls would have survived the impact and initial fuel/air fireball blast.
2nd stage: After the jet fuel burned away, the contents of the offices and the aircraft began burning. The smoke cleared a bit, there was proportionally more air in the fuel/air mix, and carbon started burning to CO2 rather than CO. Flame temperature around 900-1,000C.
3rd stage: Many of the windows were gone, and there was a wind of about 10-20mph. This made a through draft from the windward side of the buildings to the downwind sides. As the air passed through, it heated, and got lighter - the lighter air rushed out the downwind side, increasing the draft a little.
In terms of the rate the fire was producing it (a bit over a gigawatt), the space was pretty well-insulated against loss of heat: partly by its shape, partly by the concrete floor and roof. The heat would build up A prolonged fire with good insulation and draft can increase the flame temperature in the center to maybe 1,250C. [1]
We know the fires hadn't run out of fuel when the buildings collapsed because we could see the flames inside the windward side - the place with the best air supply, and therefore the place which would run out of fuel first.

@_date: 2018-09-17 23:46:30
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
That's not a law of physics - it's something you think is true and relevant. It is neither.
Steel structures can and do collapse. Bridges, all sorts. It's not like WTC is the first, or only, large steel-framed building to collapse in a WTC was not a simple steel structure; it was the concrete floors which fell. The steel just failed to hold them up.
WTC did not collapse "as if cut into pieces" - the remaining undamaged steel outer shell guided the falling mess downwards inside it. Momentarily, at least.
Try the list archives, as you don't believe a word I say.
Or maybe Google cypherpunks fairbrother as "the" list archives is a bit of a mess.

@_date: 2018-09-17 21:20:19
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
The designers simply never considered the combination of impact and fire. It wasn't required in the 70's when WTC was built - still isn't generally required.
I don't know if you remember, but at the time it was built there was a whole lot of safety criticism and safety politicking of the design. That all seems to have been conveniently forgotten after 9/11.
Architects don't consider every possible disaster scenario - in general they just do what the building regulations tell them to do.
Oh yes they realised. Look closely:
WTC was rated for 3 hours major fire resistance.
Put that another way - *it was rated so that it _would_ collapse after 3 (or so) hours of major conflagration*.
It's in the design docs.
The reason it didn't last even that long is that the 3-hour rating relied on insulation applied to the interior steelwork, and that insulation was disrupted by the impact.
I guess WTC7 was designed the same way - it lasted 7 hours because the fire was less intense, there was no damage to the insulation, and the 3 hours is a minimum rating. But I'm only guessing.
As to why a 3-hour rating was considered acceptable: I don't know, but speculating, I expect they didn't consider it likely that there would be 80 tons of JP-4 to fuel the blaze, so a blaze lasting longer than 3 hours would be unlikely.
Speculating again, if it had burned for 3 hours it would be so badly damaged that it would have to be knocked down anyway; and everybody was supposed to be out after 3 hours, so it wouldn't matter if it collapsed.
And again, if they wanted any more fire resistance, it would have been too expensive to build.
That's maybe 50 gallons of fuel actually burning. See movie special effects.
The rest - the fuel still in the tanks, and liquid fuel inside the fireball which didn't have air to burn it - mostly went into the building, though some fell all the way to the ground while still on fire (and burned some people).
The thick black smoke which came from the building for about 1/2 hour is jet fuel burning badly, ie where there isn't enough oxygen. After a while the smoke thins, the fuel/air ratio has become more favourable, carbon burns to carbon dioxide rather than carbon monoxide giving off more heat, and the temperature rises even more.
NIST (I'm a cryptographer, a real one, got paid for it before I retired, been a cypherpunks subscriber for 16 years, you can guess what I think of NIST) - anyway NIST reckoned that the flame temperature in the center where the inner steel supports were got to 1000C.
It could have done, but the yield stress of A36 steel at 1000C is 6% of it's RT yield stress, it would have been like cooked spaghetti. I don't think the steel got that hot, more like 650-800C.
10 years of designing alloys. Mostly for rocket engines.  :)
Plus a lot of explosion theory, analyses of several hundred actual unintended explosions, and occasionally actually blowing stuff up ...
The latter. The rest of the steelwork in the building was unaffected by the impact or the fire.
Yup. That's how it was designed, and that's what it did.
Was the design crap? With hindsight, frankly, yes.

@_date: 2018-09-17 20:59:43
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Nope, the answer is "a little more than three times what's needed to stop it collapsing".
They put in at least three times what's needed because the building regulations require it; and they don't put in any more than that because it would be expensive and cut into their profit.

@_date: 2018-09-17 02:24:39
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
Controlled by OBL perhaps.
But it didn't need any explosives, hand-positioned thermate, or the like - the burning jet fuel would do that to a building like WTC.
I am a Brit and I don't know crap about WTC7, or the Pentagon, except to suggest that if I were the terrorist in charge I'd have attacked the White House, Congress, Senate, suchlike instead - but OBL was well-known for antipathy to the New York financial world and the US military.
But I do know a lot about metal (and more than enough about explosives, and demolitions), and let me tell you, the jet fuel fire woulda done it. No need for any explosives.
If a lot of men in black suits or keffiyas did somehow carefully plant explosives and/or thermate in WTC (without anyone noticing), their effort was wasted.
Actually that would have astonished me - the building weighs maybe 5000 times more than the plane, and is built to take huge wind side loads. Getting knocked over by the plane crashing into it would be like you getting knocked over by a pingpong ball.
But after the crash, the thermal protection on the interior steelwork had been shattered, and the fuel started burning.
The steel never melted, nor did it come close to melting - but there was a lot of fuel, and the whole of two or so floors was on fire. That's a lot of heat in one place. The word "inferno" comes to mind.
The temperature in the center of the floor would have been at least 650C, and more likely somewhere around 700-800C. Even at 650C A36 structural steel has only 38% of its room-temperature yield strength. At 800C it would be less than 17%.
How much steel do you think they put into something like WTC? - the answer is, a little more than three times what's needed to stop it Ever seen a blacksmith work? He takes the steel out of the furnace and squashes it with a hammer. It starts off at about 900C, when it's glowing yellow and the steel is quite soft, but he will still hammer the steel until it is dull red at about 550C, when it becomes too hard to squash with a hammer blow.
Hey, would you even think about the possibility of squashing that lump of steel at room temperature with a hammer? Yet a smith can do it with ease when the metal is at the same temperature as the steel in WTC got to.
Then consider that the inside of the outer steel shell would have been a lot hotter than the outside - which would cause the box columns of the shell to bend and buckle.
Both the above phenomena, the loss of strength and the bending and buckling are well-known to metallurgists, and are easy to demonstrate.
So, no wonder it collapsed.
The straight-down nature of the collapse might seem surprising, but it isn't really - take a rod as long as the WTC was high, and tip it over slightly. It takes a long time to get moving - but it only took ten seconds for the WTC to collapse. There wasn't enough time for it to go any way except straight down.
The reason it collapsed so fast is interesting though - one or two floors collapsed, then the the top ten floors fell down on the next-highest intact floor - which had no chance of withstanding the impact. That floor failed immediately, and so the cascade continued.
If I have given the impression that the first floor to collapse collapsed all at once, it probably didn't - most likely part of it, perhaps a part which had been damaged by the impact as well as weakened by the fire, collapsed first; then the uncollapsed part of the floor had a whole lot of extra weight on it.
In time this might have tipped the top ten floors sideways - IIRC the top floors did tip a bit on one tower, but I haven't seen the film recently - but there wasn't enough time for that to develop, the uncollapsed part of the floor also collapsed, and the top ten floors fell as a lump.
After that, once the top ten floors get some momentum, they go straight down; and there ain't nothing underneath strong enough to stop that So, that's how it would have happened if the fire caused the collapse. Seems to me to be pretty much what actually happened.
If it was spies, or terrorists, or demolition contractors, I'd expect something different.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-01-01 00:15:20
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: ZME Science: Yes, a quantum internet is possible, new study shows 
Yes, but.
Initially it was thought that cloning the signal (as required for tapping it) is impossible due to the no-cloning theorem, part of quantum Therein would lie the untappable nature of Quantum links. Physics itself would protect you.
However it was later realised that the no-cloning theorem only says you can't clone a quantum state perfectly - it doesn't say you can't clone it at all.
There are several techniques which can be used for partial cloning, some such as the well-known 1->2UQC have hard theoretical limits of 5/6 perfection - ie 5 photons in 6 can be cloned.
Others have higher limits. I think there is even one which doesn't have any theoretical limits apart from "not absolutely perfect", but these are harder to implement.
While it is possible to design a quantum key exchange machine to defeat 1->2UQC cloning attacks by taking advantage of the statistical limitations of the 1->2UQC cloning process, as far as I am aware (admittedly not very far) none of the machines in existence do so.
Plus, a secure authenticated side-channel is required to prevent MITM Quantum cryptography is not very useful for anything (except maybe getting research funding).
Happy New Year to all!
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-02-19 02:46:38
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] the Pentagon's "White Helmets" "moderate head choppers" descend to depths unheard of 
The known fundamentals are: there have been stories of gas attacks for There was at least one actual gas attack.
It was assumably phosgene.
Three guesses as to who did it: Russia, a "false flag", Assad?
I doubt it was Russia, though it might have been.
If Russia since Putin hadn't made several exotic attacks on civilian ex-spies, billionaires and militants in the UK, and messed around with longstanding defense treaties, I'd have said it almost certainly wasn't Russia; but nowadays it just might have been a Russian provocation against the US - I kind-of doubt they had any military need to do it.
But no, it doesn't make a lot of sense politically afaics, so for now I'll leave it at "it probably wasn't Russia".
A false flag? By who - the US? Sorry, I don't believe that for a minute. Not that there wouldn't be people there who would do it, but that they would not want to be seen to, and security on things like that is a bitch - one thing the Yanks have learned is that the cover-up can kill you.
Plus they haven't taken advantage of it as a casus belli.
So no, not the Yanks.
A false flag by the white hats, or some other rebels? I'd have thought that they could organise it better, for one - an actual attack, but with phosgene (which degrades quickly into hard-to-determine-the-origin-of fragments) rather than eg Sarin, whose byproducts are traceable for much longer? They chose the wrong agent.
Plus of course they couldn't get newsies into position until after both the attack and its immediate aftermath was over? But the whole point of a false-flag attack would be publicity.
So no, it almost certainly wasn't the white hats/rebels (unless it was inter-rebel action, in which case all bets are off - but afaict that doesn't seem to be the case).
Which leaves Assad. Morally he'd definitely do it, in a trice, and I'd guess he would turn a blind eye. The choice of phosgene is good for him too, short-acting so forensic proof of an attack would be harder to come by. Phosgene would be readily available in the requisite quantities to a State like Syria. Plus, he is a bit short of conventional bombs anyway.
Qui bono? Publicity-wise, the US and/or rebels might benefit, but neither have taken advantage of it, to the extent even that the US is disbenefitted and looks weak. The rebels don't seem to have benefitted any either, though I concede they might have expected to.
Militarily, of course, pretty much only the Assad regime benefits.
So Assad gets Most Likely To.
And after all, Someone did it.

@_date: 2019-02-19 00:27:49
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] the Pentagon's "White Helmets" "moderate head choppers" descend to depths unheard of 
If you read this in any detail at all, you will find that she says the gas attack really happened - just that some of the tv footage was staged.
The cameras got there too late to record the real action, so they recreated some of it.
Not good, and hiding it was somewhat reprehensible journalistically speaking; but not actually evil or even manipulative.
Just some TV guys wanting to report a fucking horrific event as best (and probably as accurately) as they could.
Oh wow, that's okay then. Only phosgene, not (gasp) sarin.
Of course, it is far easier to make/get hold of phosgene (CG) than sarin (GB). It is far cheaper. It is also easier to weaponise [1].
IMO phosgene is a little nastier than sarin, though some of those knowing both would disagree. But practically speaking, there isn't a huge difference in nastiness.
Weight-for-weight on an absorbed dose basis sarin is famously about 20-30 times more lethally toxic than phosgene. However on a quantity-used-in-an-actual-attack basis the comparison is more even, with sarin being only about three or four times as lethally toxic as Incidentally, the vast majority of WW1 poison gas deaths were caused by phosgene, even though it was used infrequently compared to other agents like chlorine or mustards (the other agents could be seen or smelled or felt, and they terrified troops - phosgene just killed them almost unnoticed, with them dying in the next day or two; not as good from a military POV as phosgene doesn't terrify or incapacitate immediately).
[1] Sarin is a liquid and has to be made into very small even droplets, and then clouds of these droplets must be spread around for maximum effect. Phosgene is a gas, which comes as a liquid under pressure; just open the cylinder and it spreads itself around.

@_date: 2019-03-24 22:52:38
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Carbon Dioxide: Mankind's contribution to atmospheric CO2 so small it's not measurable - [MINIST 
By looking at ice cores from the Antartic. As the ice freezes CO2 freezes with it. Then you take a core, measure the CO2 concentration and depth, adjust for how much got trapped, then calculate the age at that That is just roughly speaking; in practice it is a bit more involved than that.
Figures are usually based on satellite observations and measurements made by hundreds of sensors worldwide, gathered and calculated by Scripps and NOAA at Mauna Loa.
The measurement protocols are quite complicated, but very accurate. The measurements, methods and calculations are all public. No reputable scientist doubts them.
There are several ways, and the figures do vary - but only very slightly. For instance, from 1750 to 1850, most reliable measurements range from 276 to 282 ppm. Most researchers use the values 280 ppm in 1850 and 290 ppm in 1900, as representative of the results of contemporaneous measurements.
Those measurements were done by chemical analysis. Modern methods use electronic sensors etc, and are more accurate than the old methods.
Sorry about that. But the figures don't change much with the timespan.
By looking at historic CO2 levels and temperatures.
No. Because it did.
We know that because some chemists in the 1850-1900 period measured the amount of CO2 in the air. And because some other chemists measured the CO2 content in the air yesterday.
The first got values from 270-280 ppm depending on when the measurements were made. The second got values of 411 ppm.
Not hard to understand, not tricky stuff, not people trying to mislead you - just what was, and what is.
Not really my field. I try to stay out of politics unless people are bending scientific truth for their own benefit - which is happening here.
I guess they are almost all out for themselves. There are a few genuine green industry types, but they are often misguided to the point of doing as much wrong as they think they are doing good.
There are some genuine media people too, though not many.
And at the top, they are all owned and controlled by the same people. Most of whom are somewhat self-serving.
As an aside, I am a little confused - I would have thought you, Zenaan etc would be all for supporting the truth about global warming. After all it is those rich cunts who want you to believe it isn't true.
But maybe GW is now too mainstream to rebel against?
What have you got?
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-03-24 17:12:44
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Carbon Dioxide: Mankind's contribution to atmospheric CO2 so small it's not measurable - [MINIST 
eh? The measuring equipment works fine.
The overall measured - not estimated, measured - change is from 280 ppm to 411 ppm. That is easily measurable, and measured.
The global aggregate %ge change is 46.8% increase over 170 years. Nearly half as much again.
The margins of error of the %ge change are around 1 part in 1,000. So it's pretty accurate - not 45%, not 47%, but 46.odd%. Estimates for more recent periods are accurate to about 1 part in 10,000. Pretty darn There is no accuracy problem.
Greenhouse theory is simply the prediction that glass, increased CO2 etc levels etc increase the reflection of long-wave IR back to the ground, so decreasing heat lost into space.
And guess what, it both works and is directly measurable.
One lesser-known prediction of greenhouse theory is that the present average temperature of the earth should be around 15 C - if there was no global warming, the average temperature would be -18 C.
And yes, greenhouse theory itself is consensus.
Some details of what is happening now are a little fuzzy, and extrapolation quickly gets lost because the earth is so complex and politics, but overall we are slowly getting there.
You are a bit out of date there. Consensus pretty much exists amongst non-conflicted scientists. Both those theories have some truth in them, but the first is irrelevant in view of the measured increase in CO2 levels, the second is misstated - agreed the sun has a major long-term influence, yes, but not the recent short term influence seen in practice.
It's your number ..  and irrelevant anyway.
Fact: CO2 levels have increased, measurably, from 280 to 411 ppm, in the modern era. Fact: This happened too fast to have happened naturally without signs we would have clearly seen, so it must be man-made.
No evil exponentials need get involved.
Suppose there is 400 tons in the atmosphere, nature produces 100 tons per year, nature removes 100 tons per year. Now if man adds 3 tons per year for a hundred years, without any increase in the removal by nature there will be 300 extra tons in the atmosphere.
In reality nature will take up some of the slack, so lets say the increase is only 150 tons.
Or, to put it in real numbers; in 1850 there were 1,480 Gt of CO2 in the atmosphere. Today there is 2,166 Gt, an increase of 686 Gt.
Estimated human CO2 release in that period, based on the amount of coal, gas and oil burnt, is about 1,340 Gt. So nature has absorbed an extra 654 Gt.
The rate at which nature recycled CO2 isn't immediately relevant, but it is estimated at about 350 Gt/y.
We are. But that part of the cycle causes change at the rate of about 50 ppm total over several thousand years, not 131 ppm over 170 years.
The recent rate of change is well outside anything in the recent fossil No. What assumptions? I guess I assume the measured increase in CO2 is real, and that by greenhouse theory increased atmospheric CO2 decreases global cooling - both of these are, or should be, non-contentious.
Normally I wouldn't care any - but this sort of wilful stupidity could end up killing everyone.
Eh? It's the simplest of back-of-an-envelope, measure-it-yourself stuff.
Back of an envelope to calculate the thickness of CO2, which I just did (I also calculated the Gt numbers above, indeed I calculate most numbers when I give them - keeps me honest, keeps me in practice, and gives me a better overview).
Measure-it-yourself, well if I must, but it's easier just to look up the long-wave IR absorbance spectrum of CO2. Measuring long wavelength IR spectra in a gas is a bit unwieldy, I haven't done it in 45 years.
Note that I haven't said anything about how significant today's levels are - mainly because I don't really know. But I am a little worried about the possibility of an end-Permian level extinction event.
Or worse, end of all life on earth - the sun is hotter now.

@_date: 2019-03-24 05:40:33
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Carbon Dioxide: Mankind's contribution to atmospheric CO2 so small it's not measurable - [MINIST 
i.e. the measured concentration changes if the air flow is from an industrialized region
So even according to you mankind's contribution is measurable.
Getting real, NOAA measure global average CO2 to about five figures of accuracy - presently it is 411.75 ppm. People who use different methods sometimes argue about the last figure, so let's say it is routinely measured accurate to maybe 4.5 digits.
Over the million years before 1900 CO2 global average levels hovered around 220 ppm, and never exceeded 300 ppm. In the last few 100 years the level has gone from 280 ppm to 411 ppm.
Will increases in CO2 of this magnitude cause global warming? Well, greenhouse theory says it will. And it always has before.
You are looking at it the wrong way.
Though I personally doubt it, it may be that humans only produce 3% as much CO2 as per year as nature does. But an increase of 3% per year, if not compensated for, is 30% in ten years, or 300% in 100 years.
People may argue up and down about that, but the simple fact is that CO2 levels rose from 280 pm to 411 ppm over the last few 100 years. This is a man-made increase. There is no natural CO2 regulation process (other than major volcanism or fires, which did not happen) which could work that fast.
Which means that human activities have increased the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere by 32% over the last few 100 years.
Greenhouse theory has nothing to do with CO2 in the atmosphere getting hot.
The basic mechanism controlling the Earth's temperature is: the sun shines light and shortwave infrared on the ground. The ground absorbs them and gets warm. At night the heat from the warm ground is radiated into space as long wave infra-red.
CO2 interferes with this process because it reflects the outgoing long wave infra-red back towards the ground (it does not reflect the incoming short wave infrared.)
This may sound strange - how can only 400 ppm of CO2 reflect long wave IR? But if you think about it, 400 ppm of the 50 km tall atmosphere is roughly equivalent to a pound per square foot of the earth's surface - or travelling through 10 feet of CO2 at normal atmospheric pressure - enough for the beginnings of a mirror.

@_date: 2019-04-30 22:21:30
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Assange Indictment 
Can't  help you there, but I read the document referenced below, the original indictment, at the time it was released.
Some time later I read the document giving the charges for the extradition hearing and, while the charges were broadly the same, it was a different document.
Sorry, I can't find it now - it was in a UK newspaper somewhere.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-04-11 14:30:23
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Assange Indictment 
Sneaky. That doesn't look good for Julian.
The UK Courts might refuse to extradite for publishing the Manning stuff, but conspiring before the fact to assist in the theft of more info... if the evidence is there, he's in trouble.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-05-13 23:43:16
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
No, there is only one angle between a line and a plane.
The speed of light in a vacuum is constant. The speed of light in glass depends on its wavelength.
This is known as dispersion. The amount (and direction) of the dispersion depends on the type of glass.
 > or does light change speed for the viewer.
now you have lost me
Peter F

@_date: 2019-05-13 18:47:03
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
The speed of light in glass is slightly less than the speed of light in air. This causes light to be refracted (roughly speaking, change the direction of its path) when it enters glass at an angle.
The mathematics of this is called Snell's law, sin(a)/sin(b) = v(a)/v(b) where sin(a) is the angle of incidence, sin(b is the exit angle, v(a) is the velocity of light in air and v(b) is the velocity of light in glass.
However, light of different frequencies travels at different speeds in glass. Thus blue light bends more than red light, and if the light travels through a triangular prism the familiar spectrum is formed.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-06-19 18:28:20
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: encrypted end to end file sending - "Firefox Send" - analysis? 
well, not by my definition, in which end-to-end encryption means that only the people at the ends can decrypt the data. In this case, firefox can both access your data and decrypt it.
and a
if Firefox automatically expire it. Or don't decide to just keep it for So you can keep what you share
There is no surety of that.
So, basically it's shit.

@_date: 2019-10-10 11:38:10
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Is Joe Biden guilty of obstruction of justice? 
I think he was prohibited.
Whether he had good or bad motives, whether there is a specific law against it or not, it's like Nixon sending the watergate burglars, especially if the investigation is linked to aid or treaties or whatever - improper use of office.
Suppose they were. Suppose they weren't. Suppose the investigation is proper. Suppose it is improper.
You are trying to say the Bidens maybe did something wrong. But I don't care if they did. It doesn't matter.
What matters is what Trump did.
BTW, Biden's complaining (did Biden actually complain? I thought it was a CIA whistleblower..) probably didn't actually stop any investigation of him, likely the reverse.
But again, I do not care what Biden did or did not do.
  Also, "impeachment" is by no means
High Crimes and Misdemeanours? Sounds illegal as hell to me.
Peter F

@_date: 2019-10-10 10:47:34
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Is Joe Biden guilty of obstruction of justice? 
I thought, if anything, I was shilling for Biden...

@_date: 2019-10-09 23:30:27
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Is Joe Biden guilty of obstruction of justice? 
Nope, no idea. I just read that in the UK papers. It was widely reported.
But if it wasn't illegal, how could Trump be potentially impeached for a "high crime"? What crime?
How could Biden complain about Trump's doings unless they were illegal? Well of course he could complain, but why would people take any notice?
Only makes sense to me if it really was illegal.
Suppose a cop was following you for months, was parked outside your house every day, was all-the-time-asking your family and neighbours about you. Could you go to a Judge and get a restraining order?
Whether he was doing it because your and his kids had a fight, because you slept with his wife, or because he thinks (without sufficient evidence to justify it) that you are a serial killer, the Judge should grant it.
That would not be attempted or actual obstruction of justice, even if you were a serial killer. Because the cop's actions were illegal.
Peter F

@_date: 2019-10-09 20:39:55
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Is Joe Biden guilty of obstruction of justice? 
Not even if Biden is guilty of something (for which we have approximately zero evidence) and was trying to hide it.
Trump was not performing the lawful investigative act of a Government official - whether or not his motive was purely the administration of justice, his act is clearly and specifically illegal under US election law - therefore obstructing that unlawful act cannot be obstruction of In a few other jurisdictions it might be considered to be perverting the course of justice - but it is not obstruction of justice as defined under US law, which is obstructing the lawful judicial actions of prosecutors, investigators or other Government officials.
If you have been following the Brexit implosion, there is a law here which says that (under some circumstances) Boris must ask the EU for an extension, which Boris has said he will not do, and also that he will. He definitely doesn't want to.
It has been suggested that he might ask a EU country to refuse the extension as a way of getting round the law. However if he did, and it meant Brexit happened, anyone who was in any way disadvantaged by Brexit could then sue Boris, as his action as Prime Minister would not have been lawful.
What was it Nixon said? "Well, when the President does it, that means that it is not illegal."
Nope, thankfully it doesn't work like that.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-10-13 20:09:44
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Box for simple Tor node. 
I'd sell you one for $350 plus postage etc from the UK. Or set one up for $50-100. But I'd guess you can find-a-nerd in the US for less.
Maybe suggest it to the Tor guys. I'm a bit out-of-date but that's the sort of thing the original guys would have liked, and the new guys [*] probably still do.
[*] new absent any recent sjw shit -- otherwise just tell them to piss up a stick. If they have no penis, to try their best.
Peter Fair

@_date: 2019-10-15 14:51:14
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: "Liberal" EU (Spain): decades of jail for individuals who literally organised a referendum! - De 
Having many friends and relatives in Spain, including some in Catalonia, I gotta say that the majority of them are thinking along the lines of "hope this doesn't stir the idiots up, but the Court didn't have much choice and they deserved it"
The rest of Spain, including Catalan non-rebels, was seriously pissed off at the Catalan rebels.
Peter F

@_date: 2019-10-17 20:00:06
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Phys.Org: Cryptography without using secret keys 
Reminds me of one of the solutions to Reagan's "Trust, but Verify" policy: (supposedly-) unclonable speckle patterns were painted on ICBMs etc, and when they wanted to make sure the ICBMs were where they were supposed to be the inspectors shone light on them and inspected the return patterns.
Except the return patterns were secret - the incoming light was secretly chosen by the verifying party, so making forging much harder - a forger would either have to know the incoming light pattern and forge returns from those direction - perhaps possible - or have to forge a token such that it matched to paint from every direction, thought to be impossible.
Public speckle patterns weaken that unforgeability. Then there is the elephant-in-the-room problem - this is not a cipher...
"An important future application the researchers are now working on is secure transmission of data over a glass fiber."
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-10-27 17:06:59
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Oxford University bans clapping to "stop triggering anxiety" - [PEACE] 
Ho hum.  Or perhaps Hokum.
No, Oxford University didn't ban clapping. Or anything else.
If you read your own quote, the student union (not the University authorities) voted to "encourage the use of silent clapping". At student union events only, not at University meetings, lectures etc.
That's it. They didn't ban non-silent clapping (which they couldn't have done anyway).
I agree it is a little nutso, but let's not blame a somehow-authoritarian "University" for something some bored wanna-be-radical students set up for the first week of the year (when lots of the starry-eyed brand new students go to their first and only SU meeting and vote for almost anything to show solidarity with their new Yup. That's about the farthest extent of radical student politics at Oxford. [1]
Btw, "snowflake"? is that PC?
Peter Fairbrother
[1] traditionally Oxford students wear subfusc (dark clothes/white shirt/bow-or-ribbon tie under academic robes) during examinations. On several occasions the University has planned to relax this requirement (no subfusc, you can't sit the exam) but the students rebelled in favour of keeping subfusc.

@_date: 2019-11-26 00:58:09
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Tor Stinks re Traffic Analysis and Sybil (as do other networks) 
Initially the main reason was to increase traffic, in order to make traffic analysis harder. Really.
I was around when the idea was first being discussed - Roger, Lucky, Paul (in a smaller role than often stated), Len, Nick, a few others - Matt dropped in occasionally, Ian and Caspar gave their 2c worth. For some reason George and Andrei (mixmaster/mixminion math gurus) weren't much involved.
Justifying funding is just a nice side-effect.
 >> any low-latency web onion router - could not defeat The Man
 >
 > This seems yet to be lacking proof and perhaps
 > cannot actually be said without it.
I thought I wrote that quite carefully, but perhaps I should rephrase it: "Any practical likely-to-be-successful low-latency web onion router cannot defeat The Man."
While a proof of that is not available, I do not know how to do it - do you? Please tell.
That was certainly the general conclusion of the crypto privacy/anonymity community at the time TOR was developed. My conclusion also, and I haven't seen anything since to make me change my mind.
Low latency means that only a few seconds of traffic need be considered. Web means that users have lots of traffic repeats in time-defined patterns. These make traffic analysis resistance hard.
Adding dummy cover traffic does not help until you use impractical levels of cover traffic, it is better to spend limited spare traffic resources on padding to make files the same size, even though this will not defeat The Man it does make his job harder.
Dithering timing doesn't really help much against The Man's computing resources, at least until you get to something that is not low latency.
ps by The Man I mean someone like NSA with widespread access to raw traffic and considerable computing resources.
It should be noted that NSA do not say they can break TOR in practice, and afaik there is no evidence that they have. In all the "Dark Web" busts I have read about there has been no evidence presented as part of a general break in TOR. Maybe they can't (or just don't) break it.
Of course, if they have broken TOR that is optimal for NSA - don't tell anyone it is broken, so people keep using it. Remember Coventry/Enigma (which never happened, but it is a good story).
Never Say Anything.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-11-23 21:48:45
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Tor Stinks re Traffic Analysis and Sybil (as do other networks) 
No, neither of those. Low latency simply means messages get delivered quickly - in practice for web browsing this means a user gets a (subsequent) response within 4 or 5 seconds, though less than 1 second is better.
Initially that timing was a guess, but since then there have been several papers which conclude that if web response time is consistently longer than 4-5 seconds then people will give up and seek a faster response by eg using different software. After 1 second you begin to lose your train of thought. After 4-5 you get bored. There is another threshold of boredom at about 10-12 seconds.
Eighth law: a system which is hard to use will be abused or unused.
The Tor rationale for requiring low latency was to make it more user-friendly and also thereby increase (innocent) traffic. Unfortunately that came at the cost of easier traffic analysis, as only the traffic passed within the last 4-5 seconds need be considered. They tried to balance that out - more traffic plus greater usability vs easier analysis - and came up with a system which had some perhaps-useful properties.
However, resistance against traffic analysis by The Man was not one of those properties.
And for that exact reason I agree, Tor stinks.
Most if not all of the initial devs would have liked it to be, but that wasn't possible.  Roger Dingledene did the initial brainstorming with the informal help of much of the then privacy/anonymity crypto community, including Paul. Nick Matthewson was then roped in as the main code writer.
It was quickly realised that Tor - like any low-latency web onion router - could not defeat The Man, at which point many of the community dropped out or declined to be associated with it.
And scum-master syverson
At the time of Tor's inception (and afaik still) Paul primarily identified as US Navy.
I don't know whether Paul would have worked on a public system which was impervious to NSA and USN - but the question never arose. Tor would be good enough to defeat third-world governments, which was both his and Tor's stated goal, and Tor could never defeat The Man.
openly acknowledges it...in papers that no-one reads, while advertising tor as a means to
Is that a quote from Paul? It doesn't sound like the chap I knew. Who wasn't a scum-master, except perhaps to the swabbies?
Heck, Roger and Nick were wanna-be-heroes.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2019-12-16 17:30:49
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrency: Scaling, Privacy [re: on whatever...] 
I think you are wrong. And you don't make much sense.
which include a separation between public data and private data.
What the hell does "celebrating" mean here? Talk English.
So are they are public, not private? We don't know what people are trading for the money, but them we don't know that with Bitcoin anyway.
How? Sounds impossible.
You do know how blockchain currencies work, don't you? Every transaction is public and part of the blockchain. People know that a wallet contains money because the list of transactions is translated into a ledger of accounts of which wallet contains what, in Bitcoin's case, by about 4 groups of people, though you can do it yourself to check that the four groups are not cheating anybody.
The only way someone knows that there is any money in a wallet is because it is in the accounts ledger, which is publicly derived from the public blockchain.
You can't do it privately. Either nobody would know whether you had any money or not, or someone has to be trusted - and remember the third law of secure systems: only people you trust can betray you.
You do know what a blockchain is, don't you? It is a record of past transactions. In order to find the current state you need to process the Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-01-07 17:32:33
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: looking for a word 
First of all, thank you to everybody who replied, both on and off-list.
I had independently come up with that word - but ao402468 published first. Darn, but not liver-gnawing time :)
Words people have come up with:
"Copy" is good, and obvious, but doesn't have the emotional connotations of stealing: scenario, you are a secure database operator/designer and someone has - "whatevered" - your data. You are right royally pi**ed off and want to nail the f to a wall and stick knitting needles in their bellies and watch them die slowly and insane from peritonitis. If you can keep yourself from killing the s _F$* sooner.
"Copy" seems a little weak for what they did.
"Crib" and "pinch" are also good, but both have or had a specific crypto meaning, "crib" being a known or guessed plaintext, and "pinch" meaning crypto things stolen by non-cryptanalytic means. Both are a little weak. Both are also a bit skoolboyish.
I think "abstract" is probably the best word available, but am a little worried that most people will not be aware of the secondary meaning of abstract. It doesn't necessarily involve dishonesty, but it is sometimes used that way - eg abstraction of electricity, an offense under UK law; you can't steal electricity as it is not a thing, so the offense is "abstraction" not "theft".
Any further thoughts? This usage will eventually go in a book, which probably no-one will ever read, but if they do you may end up using whatever the final choice is...
Again, thank you all for your help.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-01-07 02:52:29
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Looking for a word 
to mean stolen from a record but still in it, ie integrity and availability are preserved but not confidentiality.
"Stolen" is too laced with implications of the stolen object not being there any more, "copied" does not imply the theft aspect enough, "pirated" is too silly.
Any other suggestions? Thanks.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-02-28 22:09:17
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Expected duration of the Corona virus threat? 
Healthwise, best guess worst case, the dying should be over in a couple of years. Worst guess best case, a couple of months.
Long-term consequences could be very long-term, initially ten years or so? Think of it like 9/11 but with a lot more dying.
It varies quite a lot depending on the kind of 'flu, weather etc, but for seasonal 'flu about 1 in 10,000 or 0.01% per year is about average. A twentieth of that rate for children and the young and healthy. That's for everybody, including people who don't get flu.
In a year, on average, about 20% of people get 'flu. This is mainly because of vaccination - it would probably be about 65% without vaccination. The death rate for people with 'flu is about 5 in 10,000.
So say 65 million cases of 'flu in the US per year, with 30,000 US deaths per year, almost entirely the old - child deaths from seasonal flu in the US are only about 150 per year.
'Flu has been given the sobriquet "the old man's friend" - on the theory that it is better dying over a week from 'flu than over months or years from cancer, Alzheimer's, COPD etc. Gives friends and family time to say goodbye, but the patient doesn't suffer much or for too long. And seasonal 'flu kills the elderly almost exclusively.
Pandemic 'flu can kill at much higher rates - the 1918 pandemic had a death rate of well over 10% of the ~17% of the population who got it during the first six months of the pandemic, though death rates decreased later. This was also an all-age death spread, the fit-and-healthy died about as often as the elderly.
Best data I have seen for COVID-19 mortality is from 50 in 10,000 or 0.5% for the young-and-fit to 1,500 in 10,000 or 15% for those over 75 and those with pre-existing heart disease. Diabetes and COPD are also bad co-morbidities to have, at about 10% mortality.
COVID-19 seems to kill mostly the elderly, but not nearly as exclusively as 'flu. The young-and-fit are also very much at risk.
This would give an overall mortality rate of about 150-200 per 10,000 or 1.5%-2%. With an estimated 65% of the US population catching COVID-19 that would be 4 million US deaths: much worse than AIDS, and potentially the worst pandemic since the Plague.
What could change that? Well, that figure is for people with at least semi-decent health care. If society and health care break down (this is unlikely to happen) US mortality could reach 15 million or more. On the other hand extra-good healthcare might bring it down a bit.
Coronaviruses mutate fairly rapidly, and for something like 2019-nCoV these mutations generally tend towards less lethal varieties. So you might still see a lot of sick people but with a lot fewer deaths.
It is also not impossible to make a vaccine in a fairly short time - or make 10 vaccines, quickly test them for safety, then fuck the effectiveness testing and just give people the best-looking 3 or 4 safe ones. That could be done in about 3-4 months if lots of people were dying and some otherwise-sensible rules were set aside.
Antiviral drugs might also work, but ignoring licensing these are expensive and slow to make and of uncertain efficacy. It took quite a while for an effective AIDS cocktail to be worked out.
I don't have much hope that containment will stop the disease, but it is worth trying; if nothing else in order to slow down the spread of the infection. This gives more time for creating treatments and treatment plans, hospital preparedness, a slower case rate requires less treatment capacity and allows more treatment per patient, and so on.
People might (!would!) argue the numbers in this post a little, but I think they are at least roughly correct. The COVID-19 numbers might be a bit low as it is in many cases still too early to predict the outcome.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-03-17 13:39:38
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: The Whole of the Moon 
Coronavirus: UK changes course amid death toll fears
"Change course or a quarter of a million people will die in a "catastrophic epidemic" of coronavirus - warnings do not come much starker than that."
So maybe we will have a chance.
Maybe. I still do not trust the Government to do the right thing, and advisors who have been forced to change their policy often do not implement the new policy whole-heartedly.
As to what the US state and federal Governments will do, who knows? I hear some states are doing OK, but the federal government seems paralysed.
Unquarantined interstate travel should stop, today. Pretty sure the National Guard could enforce that.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-03-15 03:21:02
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: A Coventry Moment 
A Coventry Moment
There is a story that Winston Churchill let Coventry burn under German bombing in order to protect the secret that the Nazi Enigma codes had been broken. He made a hard decision to spend lives now, in order to promote the greater good later.
On TV recently we have seen Boris Johnston looking Churchillian, having apparently made a similar sort of decision about the coronavirus epidemic - spending 400,000 British lives now in order to gain some future advantage.
The problem is that we don't know what that advantage is. It all seems a bit nebulous.
At the start of the epidemic, when we thought that it would prove impossible to stop the infection, the policy of delay made some sense - spread the peak to decrease maximum hospital load and thereby save lives.
That 400,000 or so (a million in real numbers) people would die was unfortunate, but inevitable. There was nothing we could do about it.
But then the Chinese stopped their epidemic, showing that there was no need for 400,000 people to die, and everything changed. Except the policy.
Herd immunity is just what happens if you don't do anything to stop any disease which leaves the patient immune after it has run its course. It is at best a distraction.
One possible line of Government thinking is that after we implement strong containment we would then have a still-vulnerable population, giving rise to the fear that we might have to continue strict measures Possible, but what measures? Strict universal isolation is almost certainly not necessary once the disease is under control, though strict attention to detail will still be necessary.
Proper control of entry to the country with quarantine where appropriate is the major continuing need; but other countries will be doing something similar, and international travel will not be easy for years Better social distancing - the elbow or foot tap, enlarging personal space, avoiding contact where possible; protective measures like handwashing and handrub, masks and respirators, perhaps gloves and goggles; widespread testing and diligent contact tracing once the epidemic is under control (with short-term but mandatory isolation/quarantine for those testing positive) are probably all that is needed.
But we can follow the Chinese example as they relax controls, and limit measures here to those which are necessary and which work.
Medium term, if people get "isolation fatigue", and the disease spreads? We would still be better off if we implement strict confinement now. We would have had time to make a billion masks, time to prepare a hundred million tests, time to open hospital beds, time to get the needed equipment - and most of all time to research the disease.
For instance, how much would closing schools help? To answer that we need to know whether and to what extent children get the disease in a very mild form and pass it on, or do they just not get it at all - and we do not know the answer to that question.
How long does the virus stay active on various surfaces? We don't know.
What are the most important secondary and minor routes of infection? We don't know.
Why are older people more likely to die, and can anything be done to prevent this? We don't know.
How do we immunise the population? We don't know.
How do we cure the disease? We don't know.
But we do know how to stop it.
Mr Johnston is not Winston Churchill. Churchill himself never faced the "Coventry Dilemma", that was just one of many similar teaching stories used to emphasise the need for secrecy at Bletchley Park. It wasn't real. Many hard life-and-death balancing decisions were made by Churchill during the war, but the "Coventry Dilemma" was not one of them.
As for COVID-19, there is no sacrifice here to be made for the greater good. Any sacrifice of lives would just be an unconscionable waste, somewhere between manslaughter with reckless disregard for life and pointless mass murder. There is no greater good to be had.
We can kill the disease. We do not need to kill the population, or 400,000 or a million of it.
The Chinese have effectively killed the disease in China. Pretty soon they will be thinking about quarantining people entering the country, if they aren't already. That is the kind of turnaround we should be trying for.
As an aside, the real hard decision would not have been to focus efforts on amelioration at the cost of many lives, for some greater eventual good; but instead to implement strong confinement on ethical grounds, even if we thought it couldn't work.
But we know strong containment can work. It has been done. It worked. There is no obvious downside to doing it.
There is no hard decision to make. There is no Coventry Moment. There never has been.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-03-13 02:25:37
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Behind the curve. The mathematics of deaths. 
You might be right.
Infectiousness has no direct correlation to infected ratio. And comparing COVID-19 with Spanish Flu or anything other than a perceived measure of COVID-19's infectiousness misses my point - COVID-19 is at least a little less infectious than _we thought_ it was.
Maybe not (and now you may see my true colours, though they were never hidden). The UK has a large proportion of older people. Older people who need extensive healthcare, expensive pensions, who tie up a lot of wealth and property - of the predicted million deaths about 900,000 would be older types.
This clearing away of unproductive and expensive (and wealthy) population would more than balance the budget, would release several hundred thousand badly-needed homes (and cause a property price crash; the UK needs about 1 million homes, which is why UK property is so expensive. I have been trying to work out the price elasticity of housing in the UK if several hundred thousand properties became available, but it is hard) and would provide a more balanced population For the UK as a nation it would not be a bad thing (ignoring the deaths), and I fear some politicians think "Hey, it's just the useless oldies, who cares?".
But I care. Where there is life there's hope, and the biggest fuck-you you can give is to death. Do not go gentle and all that crap.
But even the Chinese didn't do that. Initially they didn't realise, later, well, perhaps they revere the old more, perhaps it's just because they have less old people.
And yes, that is probably a bit racist, but after Tiananmen and forced abortions we westerners have the impression that the Chinese have a lower respect for life than we do.
Which is probably nonsense, it's just the Japs who're like that.
Any masks, even those with only minimal effectiveness - I am not talking about protecting yourself but about protecting the population, and any reduction in exponential rate is better than none.
Though good masks will obviously help protect you better than bad ones, or no masks at all. After all, Medical people use the good masks - if they didn't work at least a bit, why would they bother?...
If you want a non-expert opinion I'd recommend 3M 8835+ for a disposable [2] respirator, see:
    figure 3c,
but I use a reuseable respirator (which I bought long before COVID-19) with 3M 6035 P3 filters myself. Don't forget the goggles, Bolle ULTIM8 are not too large and unwieldy. And learn to use them, in this case actually do RTFM.
[2] they can in theory be reused, but need sterilisation in between uses to protect against viruses - UV or sunlight plus seal wipe should work, but don't get the white parts wet.
Ah yes, suppose we do manage to stop the infection in the UK (and people in other countries do not).
We will then have a still-vulnerable population, whereas those other countries will not, we will have a lot of expensive-to-keep old people; comparatively as a country we would be disadvantaged if not to say fucked.
At least until someone develops a vaccine or a cure. Only took ten years for AIDS...
Yes, sometimes that extreme. If  they are going to kill other people if you don't shoot them, and they refuse a reasonable alternative, then you may have to shoot them.
But beware, bullets can spread viruses in blood spatter etc.; and they don't always kill or even prevent areal spread of infected people.
Chinese people (in China)
  vs UK people (in the UK).
For some reason the data comes from the CIA ...
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-03-12 21:54:54
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Behind the curve. The mathematics of deaths. 
Please recirculate freely.
Behind the curve. The mathematics of deaths.
The present United Kingdom strategy on COVID-19 was to initially try to contain the virus with a weak containment policy, and when that failed to move to the "delay phase" we are in now to try to slow its spread. This delay would place a lower maximum load on healthcare, spread heathcare requirements over time, and thereby allow more per-patient care.
An underlying assumption and consequential end result of that policy is that practically everybody in the UK will inevitably eventually catch the virus.
And the Red Death will hold illimitable dominion over all.
The strategy made sense if, as was believed when it was made, there would be no way of eventually stopping the epidemic by containment, something I myself believed.
However, that does not seem to be the case: the disease is not quite as infectious as at first thought, as recent evidence shows that the Chinese have managed to slow it almost to a stop using strong confinement.
If they succeed in containing the disease, as seems very likely, then most Chinese people will never catch the virus - whereas if the present UK policy is continued then at some point a majority of people in the UK will catch the disease, and a million people will die unnecessarily [1].
So what new policy should be adopted? Well we have the Chinese example to follow. Strong containment is working for the Chinese, it should work for us.
All people entering the UK should be quarantined. The UK has a "moat" in the seas surrounding it, and should take advantage of that.
Schools and universities should close. Large public gatherings should be People should be encouraged to wear masks, not discouraged - even a tiny difference in transmission rate can be the straw which will make the difference between the epidemic dying out or growing: that is how the chain reaction of an epidemic works. If each infected person infects more than one other person on average then the epidemic spreads, if on average each infected person infects less than one then the epidemic dies out.
We should be taking extreme measures to get that figure of new infections per case down to less than 1. Testing should be stepped up by at least an order of magnitude. Medical staff should have the power to require testing, and if positive then quarantine should be enforced if But most of all, we have to stop thinking that a million people will die and there is nothing we can do to prevent it.
Diligent and intense containment can work if we are willing to pay the price now, the Chinese example is proof of that. Any delay in implementing strong containment will cost lives. Failing to implement strong confinement will result in a million unnecessary deaths over the next few months.
[1] "One death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic." - Joe The UK age demographic contains more older people than the Chinese, and older people are far more likely to die of COVID-19 than younger people; so the UK fatality rate would be more than the Chinese rate, which works out to a bit over a million deaths if we assume 3/4 of the population get the virus.
A delay to provide better health care might reduce the death toll to about a million. Strong confinement now could reduce it to a few thousand.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-03-15 02:55:02
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: It's an Ill Wind 
The point of government is to prevent crime,
There I must disagree. The point of government is precisely to prevent As in protection against invasion by foreign hordes, or for that matter Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-03-15 02:06:34
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: It's an Ill Wind 
To my mind it is; "Trying to" is to deliberately do something in order to obtain a desired effect. If the "something" happens to be "nothing", it doesn't change that IMO.
Remember those philosophy problems with a train and someone on the track and a set of points?
Well to my mind one way is clear and the other way has a million bodies on it, and just because the points are presently set to the million bodies doesn't mean that deliberately choosing not to change the points avoids being responsible for the outcome.
Especially when changing the points is your responsibility.
But there's more, they won't let others change the points: head teachers want to close schools, but the government is planning to send them to jail if they do.
To my mind that pretty much IS the equivalent of chasing down their subjects on the streets with spray bottles of viral concoctions.
Maybe I took too much poetic license. But I don't think so.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-03-14 13:29:15
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: It's an Ill Wind 
2- It's an Ill Wind
So now we know: first, that the UK government is actually deliberately trying to infect over 40 million UK citizens, and in doing so expecting, on their figures, 400,000 deaths.
The reason given for this is to develop "herd immunity", where there are so many people who have had the virus that there is nobody for someone who later contracts it to give it to, as everybody has already had it and is immune.
But the Chinese didn't do that. They implemented strong containment and stopped the virus dead. They didn't "lessen the peak", they obliterated the peak.
There is no reason why we can't do that too.
But the Government insists on buying herd immunity at the cost of at least 400,000 (more likely a million [1]) deaths. Why?
The question arises, what good would herd immunity, bought at such a terrible cost in deaths, do?
The reason given is that the Government believes that COVID-19 will turn into a seasonal disease, and herd immunity might protect us from it's return next year.
There are three big problems with that - First, we don't know that it will return at all. Second, if it does return next year, it will have mutated - and like flu, it is likely that the herd immunity, so dearly bought, will not be effective against next year's version, if it happens.
There is also concern about people in China who seem to have gotten the disease twice. We don't know why that is, whether it is two different strains of the virus (there are several hundred known varieties of the COVID-19 virus, it mutates fairly rapidly) or people getting the disease twice - however in either case that would lower the usefulness of any herd immunity.
So, I don't see why the UK Government are killing 400,000 people.
Apparently it isn't because the UK has a large proportion of older people. Older people who need extensive healthcare, expensive pensions, who tie up a lot of wealth and property - of the predicted 400,000 (million) deaths the vast majority would be of older people.
This clearing away of unproductive and expensive (and wealthy) older population would more than balance the budget, releasing £10 billion per year in state pensions, £20 billion per year in heathcare costs, and so on.
It would stop the disease in the UK fairly quickly, and it would be the cheapest option (ignoring the actuarial but not-real-pounds cost of the It would release several hundred thousand badly-needed homes (and cause a property price crash; the UK needs about 1 million homes, which is why UK property is so expensive) and would provide a more balanced population pyramid.
So for the UK as a nation it would not be a bad thing (ignoring the deaths), and I fear some politicians may think "Hey, it's just the useless oldies, who cares?".
But no. There is probably a sensible reason we don't implement strong confinement and stop the virus in its tracks, rather than letting it have its way. Unfortunately I don't know what that reason is.
Peter Fairbrother
[1] I calculate around a million deaths, but that is a bit of a back-of-the envelope calculation based on known death rates elsewhere and comparative population age spreads. Exact figures also depend on some assumptions about things we do not know about the disease. I have made what I think are reasonable assumptions. I don't know how reasonable the Goverment's assumptions are, or how they came up with the 400,000 figure.

@_date: 2020-03-17 11:07:24
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: The Whole of the Moon 
Last one, for now.
Please redistribute freely.
Peter Fairbrother
4- The Whole of the Moon
17 March 2020
The good news: the worst-hit (or first hit) countries are now stopping their coronavirus epidemics.
China has done pretty much stopped their epidemic spreading [1], in South Korea it is dying out [2], in Iran [3] and perhaps Italy [4] it is getting less of a hold, though it is a bit early to say in Italy's case.
How can we be sure of that? Simple. The daily numbers of new cases are falling in all those countries, reaching very low levels in China and South Korea.
They have all implemented strong isolation, and it is working for them.
In none of them have even one thousandth of the population become, or are likely to become, infected (though Italy may come close).
There is no known case where strong isolation is failing to stop the China and South Korea are considering restrictions on people entering their countries in order to prevent infected people bringing the disease in, as that is now their major source of new infections.
The bad news: the UK's present policy is still to delay the epidemic rather than try to stop it, allowing over 60% of the population to catch the disease at a projected cost of 400,000 UK deaths (UK Government So why does the UK government still insist strong isolation will not work for us?
It doesn't have to be very onerous. Something like this: schools close, as do universities, pubs, public gatgerings. Most people stay at home for perhaps 4 weeks.
During that four weeks we make a lot of masks, respirators and other protective gear. We prepare a very large number of tests. We prepare ventilators and people to operate them, and hospital and hospital beds in case the confinement does not work, though it should. We plan. We research the virus.
During the fourth week we test anyone who might have the virus. After the four weeks that number should be about one thousand.
It is estimated that there are a few tens of thousands of active virus cases now, at the end of the four weeks that should be around five thousand, many of whom will be in hospital and most of the rest will be After the first isolation period we implement mandatory testing if a doctor or trained nurse or a policy requires it, and mandatory quarantine if infected people do not self-isolate.
Medium-term we limit personal contact, wear masks, wash hands, bump elbows, supply handrub. We monitor all suspected infections and contacts. Schools stay closed until we know more, but people mostly go back to work.
Until we find a vaccine or cure or the disease dies out, we implement long-term restrictions on entry to the country - perhaps five days quarantine, with a test on the fifth day. That will not catch everybody, but it will probably catch enough people.
I suggest UK people already abroad should not have to pay for this, but for UK people leaving then re-entering and foreigners the cost should be included in the ticket price, a bit like airport taxes.
That will not be enough to stop the virus completely, but it will be a good start. We will by then have a better idea of which measures are necessary and which are not.  Perhaps one or two thousand people will die. We may have to repeat this, or bring in other measures - but like China, South Korea, Iran and Italy, if we persevere we will stop the virus.
But we have to implement strong isolation now - any delay will cost lives.
The Government's alternative is to let the virus infect 40 million people or so, just slowing it down a little. On the Government's own figures that will involve four hundred thousand deaths.
This delay policy must stop, now. We want to kil the disease, not delay it.
Suppose we try hard to stop the virus and it fails. We will have had time to prepare for the peak, time to build ventilators, time to train staff to use them, time to make masks, time to expand testing, time to provide more hospital beds - time to research the virus, maybe even time to develop a vaccine or cure.
But then suppose we try hard and succeed. It seems most other countries will succeed too, and the disease will wither away or remain at a very low level until a vaccine or cure can be found.
We know how to do strong isolation for infection prevention, and all the examples in other countries show where it has been tried it is working - we need to do it now.
We also need to drop SAGE, the UK Scientific Advisory Committee on Emergencies. Preferably from a great height.
[1] Daily New Cases [2] Daily New Cases [3] Daily New Cases [4] Daily New Cases Peter Fairbrother
Slogans for today:
Don't delay the epidemic, kill it.
Don't delay, kill the coronavirus.
Kill the epidemic, not the people.

@_date: 2020-04-02 23:54:47
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: "Zoom's end-to-end encryption isn't 
actually end-to-end at all. Good thing the PM isn't using it for Cabinet calls. Oh, for f..."
not end-to-end
mines all your data
sends data to facebook
big login hole
host can detect if watchers present
all your base are belong to us
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-05-17 23:28:16
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: 283,549 Road Users Deaths for 2020, Compared to 6,685 Coronoavirus Deaths 
Coronavirus is technically closer to the common cold than 'flu.
US annual AIDS deaths: 13,000
US 2019-2020 'flu deaths (a medium-bad season): 30,000
US average annual road deaths: 38,000
US coronavirus deaths to date: 90,000
On 7 April coronavirus passed heart disease and became the leading cause of death in the US.
My best friend's Mom just died of coronavirus. So fuck off with your stupid.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-06-30 10:50:41
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Cointelegraph: Experts Split on Practical Implications of Quantum Cryptography 
Secure quantum communication is very tricky, and afaik the Chinese didn't do that, they just did some entangled photon measuring.
First, the non-cloning theory doesn't say what most people think it does - it actually says that you can only clone a maximum of 5/6 of photons (technically 2/3 get cloned, plus half the remainder or 1/6 just happen to be the same orientation by chance).
Second, you need a classically authenticated channel as well as the cloning channel to securely exchange keys - it doesn't have to be secret, but it does need to be authenticated. If Mallory can attack that authentication he can prevent key exchange, and in some cases can obtain the key.
Although, in a way quantum mechanics can be described  as a
More like Godel shoving a stick up their asses.
Godel's first incompleteness theorem is simple: First, if a system of logic is complicated enough to contain the statement "this statement is a lie" then the system contains contradictions [*]. Second, any system of mathematics which is complicated enough to include natural arithmetic is complicated enough to contain that statement.
That's not quite how Godel put it, but it's much the same result.
Of course everyone already knew that really, but pretended it was just a curiosity so they could look for a universal system for all mathematics; the shock was just Godel pointing it out in a way that could not be ignored.
I suspect that one day quantum mechanics may be seen exactly the same way.
[*] statements which cannot be assigned a true or false value. A bit like qubits...
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-07-19 07:14:41
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: tmpfs is not a ramdisk 
You could, of course, use 8Gib of RAM as a swap ramdisk ...
I'll get my coat
Peter Fairbrother
It may be, however, that your usage

@_date: 2020-07-31 20:07:33
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: what is "Herd Immunity"? 
Er, no. It's actually about 97-98% overall, more for some subgroups like the old, fat or lung-y, less for the young.
And that doesn't include the later deaths due to the long-term organ damage which occurs in 5-10% of cases.
Just sayin'
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-07-31 10:02:06
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: what is "Herd Immunity"? 
Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, that has nothing to do with herd immunity - it's actually evolution.
(herd immunity is when sufficient members of a herd are immune that there aren't enough non-immune members to spread a disease - the non-immune members could still get the disease, but there isn't anyone around who's infected to give it to them)
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-09-23 03:06:39
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3a_179_Arrested_in_Massive_Global_Dark_Web_Takedown?= =?UTF-8?Q?=c2=a0_=7c_WIRED?= 
Piddling numbers. 500kg, M$6.5?
Bigger aggregate busts happen - ?happened? -  worldwide pretty much every day.
It might be less now after people started realising making drugs illegal is a really stupid idea.
Peter Fair

@_date: 2020-09-19 13:32:46
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: 200,000 
The original ivermectin cell culture experiments did not include supplemental zinc or doxycycline. I am not aware of any cell culture experiments which tested the three drugs together.
I don't know of any believeable reports that say "HCQ [..] combined with Zinc, worked a treat". Afaict HCQ therapy doesn't have any effect at all on COVID.
I do not know offhand of any reports of COVID cell culture experiments with (hydroxy)chloroquine which included supplemental zinc. As of June there were none, and I don't know of any since, though there may have been some.
(There are plenty of experiments with chloroquine and zinc, but afaik all are pre-COVID. There might be some SARS-related CQ/Zn experiments, will look if I find time)
There is a protein coded in the ORF1 part of the virus which sequesters zinc. We are not certain why, but it is theorised that it is in part to reduce the activity of zinc-containing proteins (ZAPs, zinc-finger antiviral proteins) naturally in the cells which help protect against There is good evidence that a lack of zinc lowers protection against pretty much all viruses, so... Personally I would include zinc supplementation with any COVID treatment regime, as standard.
I also personally take zinc (and vitamin D) supplements.
But there will be (or should be) zinc in normal amounts in standard cell cultures, so don't take all this as being too significant.
Yes, and I referred to them in footnote 1 of my last post. The problem is that they are of no use scientifically, except to maybe suggest lines of research.
This is harsh, but it is absolutely necessary.
People often think a drug is working when it isn't. Often. Observational and retrospective studies get it wrong all the time - and positive reports get more screen time.
There are so many examples - remdesivir for instance was thought to work in early clinical trials, but randomised double-blind trials have shown pretty conclusively that it doesn't.
Which is why you only believe double blind randomised trials. Preferably ones which have been repeated by different researchers.
Now as to my opinions, as opposed to accepted science.
I don't think hydroxychloroquine works at all, whether mixed with zinc or zinc/azithromycin or by itself, any more than the normal effects of zinc and azithromycin (both of which will help survival). We are close to saying that is accepted science, but not quite yet, so as of now it is only my strong opinion.
However research suggests azithromycin alone gives pretty much the same effect as hydroxychloroquine/azithromycin.
I don't think ivermectin alone works more than a little, and probably not at all. For ivermectin with zinc and doxycycline, see below.
I don't know what you mean by "the exact opposite".
I am not responsible for the Australian government's actions, not do I condone them - but I will say that I do not believe Professor Borody's results. Not saying I disbelieve them, though I am extremely sceptical about their significance.
Zinc alone, and doxycycline alone, will both have some positive effect on mortality. Zinc because some people will lack zinc and have lowered ZAP protection, doxycycline because it will prevent some opportunistic bacterial infections (and it also has some antiviral effects).
So far, so good. Giving people  - everybody - zinc (and vitamin D) supplements as prophylactics will almost certainly help. Giving everybody doxycycline is a bit more problematic, but as soon as COVID is detected giving it will help, at least statistically.
The issue then is, does ivermectin have any effect? Alone, or with zinc/doxycyline in some synergistic manner?
Well, we don't know. Alone it doesn't seem to have much effect, though it may have some, the jury is still out on that.
Professor Borody claims it has a surprising, and hard-to-believe, positive synergistic effect with zinc/doxycyline. But let's look a little further.
First he claims the triple therapy is most effective against people in the early stages of the disease. Well, a lot of them are going to get better anyway.  The zinc and doxycycline will help there too.
And while he is planning to introduce the treatment in older people (who have a much higher mortality rate), he hasn't done so yet - the 1,000 patients treated so far have not been older people, so we would not have expected more than one or two of them to die.
And if someone does die, well he can always say it was too late for them, and exclude them from his 100% results. Convenient.
Or 92% results. Or 48% results.
But perhaps the clincher is this a quote from Professor Borody which makes my snake-oil antennae twitch furiously:
"If anyone suggests a randomized controlled trial, it tells me they don’t know what they’re talking about."
If he wants to save lives, and he believes his therapy works, randomized double-blind controlled trials are the only way to get lots of people to use his therapy.
He should know that.
Without them he is going to be thought of as a charlatan; with them either it works and he gets the Nobel prize and everybody is saved, or ...
So when he says no to proper trials, a big, big red flag goes up.
I guess that is scientific politics - but the randomised double-blind test is designed for one purpose, to find the truth and to be sure it is the truth.
It may be a bit cruel - but it is the only way we know, and perhaps the only way there is. All modern medicine is based on it.
Peter Fairbrother
and no, I am not going to provide a list of references - this is not a paper, I don't have to, and it is a lot of work. But here's one:

@_date: 2020-09-04 09:42:22
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: NSA phone spying didn't stop terrorist 
Afaict it wasn't a recording, it was call records.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-09-18 12:53:49
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: 200,000 
It is far easier to investigate drugs in cell cultures than in whole humans, so researchers try many drugs in cell cultures to see if they work.
That doesn't mean they will work in humans (or not work in humans, you can miss potential treatments too), but it is fairly easy to do and gives some hints about what may work.
You can also try a lot more different drugs in cultures than you could try in humans.
Ivermectin has been shown to inhibit COVID replication in cell culture. It is very effective at doing this. But only at levels which are too high for use in humans.
So, the theory goes, give it a try in humans at the highest sustainable doses and see if it works. A bit of a hail-mary, but it costs very little and the drug is already medically and legally characterised as safe, so you don't have to do safety testing and the trials are even cheaper and easier and quicker.
Unfortunately politics has gotten involved, and politicians have invested political capital in the effectiveness of ivermectin. This complicates matters.
Scientists have methods to find out whether a drug is safe and effective but they take time (and cost lives). When politics (or finance, or reputation) become involved that process is disrupted, and answers become nebulous, at least temporarily.
Clinical trials of ivermectin have begun. Afaik no real big trials have completed, but early reports are not encouraging - I don't mean they are discouraging, but if it worked spectacularly we would have heard the trials people going yeah yeah yeah by now.
If you do search for 'covid ivermectin' in google, on the first page you won't find any positive reports from the trials people of its use in humans. [1]
It might still work a little: though I doubt it personally, that is still possible. I hope it does. But it isn't a spectacular success, unlike dexamethasone and conjecturally [2] vitamin D, because if it was by now the trials people would be doing handstands and cartwheels - and they aren't.
BTW this is almost the same story of chloroquine in COVID. Works well at too-high-for-humans doses in cell culture, is perhaps over-enthusiastically reported by the cell-culture guys, gets picked up by politicians, but, as expected, doesn't work well, or possibly at all, in humans.
I say "as expected" because both were hail-mary's, we pretty much knew from the start they were unlikely to work in humans doses. If you read the papers carefully you will see that, but perhaps you have to read them carefully and know how such papers are written.
As to the cell-culture-guy / political-pickup issue, the cell culture guys were excited not only by a vague hope of a treatment but also because they were learning things about how the virus works. In a hit-it-and-see-if-it-breaks kind of way, but sometimes that can be As to the politicians, I guess they either don't have real science advisors or they ignored them.
Peter Fairbrother
[1] There was a positive report by Prof Mehra etc, but it was widely disbelieved and has been withdrawn. As has his chloroquine paper. It looks like he, or the statistics company, just made stuff up - scientists can be mistaken and even lie too, though that is (supposed to be) the cardinal sin.
There have been other positive reports, especially from Australia, Florida and Utah, but these have been mostly anecdotal. Hey if people can say COVID doesn't exist, other people can also say that x or y cures it. Doesn't make them right.
If you look carefully you may find that quite a few the people who once said ivermectin cures 100% are now saying, well, maybe it helps.
There are reasons why we do double-blind trials, even though they may cost lives. Anecdotal reports are unreliable.
[2] We know that people who lack vitamin D are more likely to die from COVID, but we don't actually know that giving people who lack it vitamin D will make them have a higher survival rate. It seems likely, and I assume so, but correlation does not imply causation, and we just don't know for sure. It is just an assumption.
OT: Have you noticed, the "we expect that politicians lie" meme has grown to the extent that politicians now use the expectation to get away with outrageous lies and similar behaviours?
"Hey, I'm a politician, you expect me to lie".

@_date: 2020-09-17 11:45:36
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: 200,000 
It's more like a lack of vitamin D makes you more likely to die from COVID, and over 30% of US citizens lack vitamin D.
Possible 18% reduction in mortality if everyone took a thousand IU daily - but after that increasing the dose does not further improve protection against COVID.
There is a trend - possibly a fad - to take 5,000 IU daily or more, but that isn't necessary for COVID. I do take 5,000 IU/d, but I take that much for specific circulatory reasons, not for general health or COVID protection. For most people 5,000 IU may be too much, and it is more than the IOM Tolerable Upper Intake Level of 4,000 IU/d.
But if you don't already take vitamin D, start now. 1,000 IU once a day. Very cheap, buck a month, could save your life.
Also protects against heart disease. :)
Doesn't seem to work, or at least not very well. Promoted by many of the same people who promoted chloroquine, incidentally.
That one seems to work a bit, but I don't know how well.
But then there is dexamethasone/hydrocortisone, with a 30%+ reduction in Remdesivir, probably not. But beta-interferon and plasma look promising.
Treatment has improved and is still improving since my estimate in February of 4 million US deaths - and the virus may have become a little less lethal.
Now I'd think it is trending to a little over 2 million US dead if no vaccine is invented.
But I thought I'd hold a moment of silence for the 200,000 already dead in the US, and the million dead globally.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-09-19 19:11:21
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks list archive 
I may have some early list posts, do you know what is missing?
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-10-28 11:05:15
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
For primates, yes 4% difference is huge - it would take a few million years of evolution to change 4% of a primate's DNA.
For viruses, it's actually very close; in about 50 years of normal evolution a virus like SARS will usually change 4% of it's RNA.
Note that a many of the mutations in a coronavirus's RNA do not change the expressed proteins - different sequences will code for exactly the same proteins.
Random changes of up to a percent or so in viral DNA may not change the viral proteins significantly or at all, whereas a random change of 1% in human DNA would be universally fatal.
Consequently the human germline mutation rate has to be kept very low by repair mechanisms etc, approximately 5×10^-10 per basepair per year.
For coronaviruses the mutation rate is about 8x10^-4 per basepair per year, or 16 million times faster.
That theory had people going for a bit but it turns out it's bollocks. There is no HIV-specific RNA in SARS-CoV2, never mind the four sequences Two of the claimed insertions are actually different to the claimed HIV-1 sequences and span different proteins, so they are just chance The other two insertions code sequences of iirc six and seven amino acids in a row which are also found in a row in a part of an AIDS protein, but a) 6 or 7 identical amino acids is so small matches frequently happen by chance and b) the identical amino acid sequences also occur in dozens of proteins from other viruses, there is nothing HIV-specific about them.
The paper was never peer-reviewed, and is now withdrawn - nothing to see Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-10-27 07:07:59
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
RaTG13 has 29,855 base pairs, COVID has 29,844. Combined with 96% identical, that is is very close.
People generally find about 0.08% of a virus's RNA mutates per year, so a 4% change is about 50 years of normal mutation. It can be considerably faster than that though, that is only a very rough rule of thumb.
So overall the viruses are pretty close, but COVID probably didn't come directly from RaTG13, as the RaTG13 sequence is about 8 years old.
They most probably came from some common ancestor which split into the two strains - RaTG13 and the unknown strain which became COVID - at a rough guess about 17 years ago.
I say 17 years instead of the perhaps more obvious 25 or the less obvious 30 because the COVID evolutionary strain has crossed species, which tends to increase the mutation rate, statistically speaking, by changing a bunch of RNA all at once.
That would be fairly normal for viral evolution.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-10-15 02:48:50
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
You're bragging about being part of the 'team' of US military scum responsible for the tor scam. You being an english cunt means you were the GCHQ 'representative', we can assume?
I was not a part of the TOR team. I declined to join because I believed (and still believe) it couldn't work. I might brag about declining, if I felt I needed to brag.
There was only one military or TLA person on the initial team, Paul Syverson, who had invented onion routing.
I am not English.
Peter Fairbrother

@_date: 2020-10-15 02:48:45
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
There are 500 raspberry pi's, each on the end of a 1TB/month link. That's 500 TB/month total traffic, but dividing by 3 we get approximately 150 TB/month user traffic.
With a million users at any time that's 150TB user traffic per month: divided by 1 million users that's 150MB per user per month.
As they are concurrent users (the total number of users is higher, but at any time 1 million users are using the service) that is 150 million bytes per month per user divided by 2,592,000 seconds per month, which is 58 bytes per second per user or 463.32 baud.
Looked at another way, if people always used an anonymity service the hops would multiply their traffic by say 5 times (3 times as in TOR is not enough). Covertraffic and file size padding traffic would at least double that, so we would need at least 10 times the normal traffic the users created.
And you ned a lot of traffic through your anonymisation network to get decent anonymity, you need a large anonymity set.
Web traffic is expensive - making it at least ten times more expensive is not on, especially if nine tenths of it has to be paid for by someone That's not counting the servers etc - getting a pi to handle 386 kB/s [1] of anonymity traffic is not trivial, I don't even think it is possible.
A good proportion of TOR traffic will be protected by TLS anyway, especially those sites which you might not want other people to know you are accessing.
Visible file sizes are the main anonymity weakness in TOR.
If you suspect someone you compare the file sizes of the traffic through their system with traffic through the exit nodes.
In the UK at least it is legally fairly easy for the cops to demand that info (and most ISPs are legally required to obtain and store that data anyway) - getting everyone's traffic info where the cops have no suspect is a little harder, but not impossible.
Of course the ordinary cops don't use that power, and the people who do use it don't want it known that they can do it, so you will find that they make up stories about reused passwords and the like being the source of their information.
Peter Fairbrother
[1] 1TB/month divided by 2,592,000s/month

@_date: 2020-10-14 22:33:35
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Tor, the pentagon's cyberweapon 
The problem is that a reliable cheap anonymising network for low-latency traffic like web traffic is basically impossible.
Tor is about as good as we can get. When I was designing m-o-o-t I didn't include any web anonymiser for that reason.
The problem is traffic volume and latency. If we want low-latency web traffic - nowadays [1] that's less than 4 seconds - we can't include fixed file sizes with realistic constraints on traffic.
To put some BOTE numbers on that, suppose you want to provide for 1 million concurrent users. You have about 150 TB per month user traffic to play with (500 x 1TB, ~3 hops), 150 MB per month per user, or 450 Baud.
Like fixed file sizes - essential for anonymity - chaff and covertraffic takes too much traffic, see above.
That doesn't work - the users want to connect to any web server somewhere. You could enforce eg TLS but even that does not hide file sizes..
That's OK if you are doing development, but not for production - unless the users decide the routing, as in eg Mixmaster. But you can't (or shouldn't) use an anonymiser if you don't know whether it is going to work!
I was at some of the early meetings when Roger Dingledene, Paul Syverson, Lucky Green, Nick Matthewson, Len Sassaman, myself and others were talking about a web anonymiser, which later became Tor.
Other people at those meetings included many if not most of the top anonymity researchers, and some of the top cryptographers, in the world at that time. Tor was not conceived as is was by accident or in ignorance [2], many people (including myself) thought it was about the best that could be done.
Roger's thought was that TOR would make mass surveillance difficult and it would be worth doing for that reason, even though it wouldn't prevent targeted attacks by major adversaries. At a set of meetings the next year Roger had gotten some funding, iirc from the US Navy, and Nick had started work on coding.
I bowed out almost immediately, Len and Lucky bowed out after a while, because we knew it couldn't be done securely on the user level.
After that I pretty much lost interest, though I did keep an eye on the The problem is that it's a super Zooko's triangle - you simply can't get reliably anonymous, low-latency and cheap anonymous web traffic.
You probably can't even get reliably anonymous and low-latency, at any Peter Fairbrother
[1] Acceptable low latencies vary according to use and user expectations - fifteen years ago people would wait 20 seconds or more for a web page to load, nowadays they lose interest at 4 seconds. Actually maybe less now, that figure is several years old. And for interactive speech or video latencies should be subsecond.
[2] or with evil intent, at least from Roger and Nick.
I don't think Paul had any evil intent either, but he was USN and is therefore suspect. It's like my friend from GCHQ - we are friends and we were sort-of colleagues until I retired, but it's a bit like having a policeman live next door - even when you have done no wrong you are always aware that he is a policeman.
One curiousity, the .onion part of the TOR infrastructure was largely driven by Paul.

@_date: 2020-10-16 14:27:32
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Re: Part 2: Cryptography vs. Big Brother: How Math Became a Weapon Against Tyranny - YouTube 
I don't think that's really Juan's argument, but if it is there are at least two flaws - first, the assumption that "all tech that gets created gets used -more- by the fascist MIC regime" is demonstrably wrong.
Second it is incomplete - to a large extent cypherpunk has prevented the formation of a "Ministry of Truth" - if only through the publicity, but see below as well.
Where the argument has some tangential validity is in that that all of the five main "successes" of cypherpunks don't actually work - they fail to deliver the promised anonymity or confidentiality reliably on the individual user level.
These "successes" are first PGP. Whether it would have worked or not I don't know, but no-one wrote decent software for it, and it failed the eighth law - "A system which is hard to use will be abused or unused."
Second, remailers, which could be effectively anonymous if they were widely used. Again user-friendly software is missing, which decreases the anonymity set and thus the anonymity to the point where it is dubious.
Third, BitCoin, where scalability is a problem, the interface between technology and people is left to the clueless users, and where there is a huge publicly available ledger. Any cryptocurrency where the coins are not indistinguishable is never going to provide
Fourth, BitTorrent, which doesn't really provide any anonymity - quite the opposite.
Fifth, TOR, whose shortcomings are too well-known for me to have to enumerate them here again.
But these and other now-becoming-mainstream crypto technologies like Apple's encryption have raised the bar against the creation of a "Ministry of Truth" where all of everybody's data and conversations are available to the Ministry.
Actually I suppose it is now more a case of "anybody's" rather than Peter Fairbrother
