
@_date: 2014-10-12 03:20:41
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Cryptography, backdoors and the Second Amendment 
The Supreme Court only recognized an individual right to bear arms in
2008. And three of the judges in the 5-4 majority voted to stop
counting the votes in Florida in 2000.
So its a pretty thin reed you are depending on there. Scalia and
Thomas make no pretense about consistency, they just make stuff up to
suit their prejudices.
The best you could hope for by persuading the judges that crypto and
firearms are the same thing would be to see them return to the pre
2008 approach to firearms. In the wake of Sandy Hook, the only
politician to deliberately raise gun control this cycle was a
Republican who wanted to downgrade his NRA A rating to an F by backing
background checks.
As it happens, it does not matter very much because Holder isn't the
administration any more than Louis Freeh was. He only came out with
this talk after he decided to hand in his resignation. Which pretty
much tells us how much support he has for the position.
Since the democratic nominee is virtually certain to be Clinton, it is
rather more likely that the state department view will win out over
FBI, Justice and the military. Not least because Clinton is not at all
amused that due to the incompetence of the NSA, Chelsea Manning was
able to leak those embarrassing cables.
The Republicans usually give the nomination to the guy who came second
last time round. And Ricky Santorum looks as good as any of the
alternatives likely to run. I don't know what his position on crypto
is but I doubt it is a liberal one.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-11-20 02:07:52
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] STARTTLS, was IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Did anyone take a look at what they were doing on the SUBMIT port?
Given that it is wireless, I suspect that some idiot compression
scheme was the issue rather than anti-spam or malice. If it was only
on port 25 it was likely because the people doing it were too
ill-informed to know about SUBMIT.
Its just an attack and the security protocol should defend against it.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-05-28 19:13:35
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the Twilight Web 
Fill is very expensive at the network layer but (almost) trivially cheap at
the link layer. The cost comes in having to think about how much data is
disclosed in the link layer framing. This is not necessarily a performance
issue but can certainly be an architectural constraint.
If a non-fill switch has no load, a packet is going to appear on one port
and be routed to the destination immediately. That provides a tell for the
path taken by that packet.
If the switch has link layer fill so that every link is encrypted and
exchanges garbage during quiet time, a packet arriving in the situation
above will either end up queued behind a junk frame or require the junk
frame to be aborted in some fashion.

@_date: 2015-05-28 03:08:55
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the Twilight Web 
Tor certainly works for some of its intended uses. If you are in a
repressive state and want to get access to CNN or the like, Tor is your
friend. It isn't going to prevent a police state noticing that you might be
up to some sort of unapproved activity but they won't be able to tell the
difference between a dissident and someone surfing for porn etc. So it is
useful and reduces risk in countries like Iran or Russia. But using it in
North Korea would mean risking a death sentence.
Where I don't see Tor being remotely safe is trying to operate an online
Drug bazar as a hidden service. I mean seriously guys, cryptography isn't
magic and traffic analysis is a very effective tool. Tor is still going to
help your customers keep their identity secret but it isn't going to stop a
determined law enforcement team with pervasive Internet access tracking
down your server. Not when the hidden service is trying to become a
consumer brand with global reach.
So I think a change in terminology is needed. It is not just that people
are not taking security precautions due to a false sense of security, some
people are ordering up mob hits because they think they are in a permissive
environment that is accountability free.
Rather than calling it the dark web, the term Twilight Web seems more
appropriate to me. It is possible to hide but only if you know how and only
among the trees.

@_date: 2015-12-06 19:50:20
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Cryptography is not a science currently 
Read 'Legacy of Ashes'. But the CIA gets all the glory for the same reason
that Special Branch did: they were the part of the intelligence world that
was allowed to have a public profile. And to a large extent, Dulles was
permitted and even encouraged to be a braggart as it distracted attention
from the NSA.
Read the history of operation Ajax and ask yourself why Dulles would have
the nerve to attempt a second coup after the first attempt had collapsed.
The only reason that makes sense to me is if he had very very good signals
intelligence. It stands to reason that the Iranian govt. would be using
Enigma style rotor machines.
Funny story about Beria. I was talking to a KGB officer and he asked me why
I thought Beria was assassinated. According to the Western account the
other communists were afraid he would liquidate them. But that wasn't the
reason at all, in fact the survivors knew they survived precisely because
Beria didn't think they were a threat.
According to my source, the reason they liquidated Beria was that after it
was decided he would succeed Stalin but before he had been officially given
the job, Beria suggested that the current Soviet approach was failing and
the Soviet union needed to de-escalate the cold war and normalize relations
with the US if it was going to survive.
That isn't the point.
The point I was making is that the deployment of crypto inside Google is
surely deep and pervasive enough at this point for the NSA to understand
that the writing is on the wall. It is not a question of whether Amazon,
etc. have done likewise today, indeed there would be no point restarting
the cryptowars if they had as there would be nothing left to play for.
No he isn't. We all knew that something like PRISM was going on. Some folk
were perhaps surprised by the scale but not everyone. Also remember that
the slides we have were all written by Majors who were trying to make
Colonel. Their intercept capabilities probably work about as well as
Reagan's SDI program does. We are seeing the color glossies, not the
realistic view.
The reason Snowden was a game changer is that now we can talk to people and
not be dismissed as conspiracy nuts. That changes everything.

@_date: 2015-12-06 04:49:05
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Cryptography is not a science currently 
They certainly do it for the Russian and Chinese cyber researchers. It
would make sense to do it for domestic folk who are so much easier to
collect information on.
There is a long history of corruption in the US. And the FBI and NSA were
certainly not immune. The abuse of the FBI to pursue Hoover's racist
political agenda, LOVEINT, etc.
There is also a long history of hiding behind the flag. If the military is
doing it, then anyone who complains about it is disloyal to the country.
Phil knows all about that. I don't think he was downplaying them. What he
was doing and what needs to be done right now is to point out that we are
not the ones re-fighting the cryptowars of the 1990s.
What we discovered in the Snowden docs is that the NSA eased off on the
cryptowars because they thought that the increase in information being
transmitted would greatly outweigh the loss due to crypto.
What the NSA/FBI don't seem to realize is that when they made the pragmatic
choice to give up the attempt to impose Clipper, they had conceded the
moral victory. So when the Snowden papers came out 20 years later they
suddenly realized that the technology had moved on and it would be very
easy to send much of Fort Meade dark. I assume Google now encrypts
everything everywhere inside the corporation.
Truly Rogaway is the Chomsky of Cryptography. Chomsky will deny the
Chomsky was maliciously misquoted.
What he actually said was that there was more evidence for the genocide
taking place in East Timor, a genocide the US denied the existence of
because it was being perpetrated by an ally than for the Cambodian genocide
which everyone, Chomsky included accepted as a fact.
The East Timor massacre is now acknowledged as a historical fact. But only
after the establishment accepted there was no further need to prop up
I don't think that there are many cryptographers that fail to understand
their work has political dimension just as there are very few people
involved in the Web or IETF that are not aware of the political dimension.
But there are degrees. Tim wanted to build a collaboration tool. I wanted
to disintermediate the establishment media and unleash chaos. Having been
born into the British establishment and knowing that so much of what the
public was told was utter lies, I wanted to introduce a feedback mechanism.

@_date: 2015-12-19 16:42:14
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
Math doesn't have a moral conscience. All that you can do is decide which
use cases you are going to address.
Looking back at the use of the ULTRA type decrypts after WWII, I am forced
to conclude that they were a net negative. Operation Ajax was a US driven
coup which replaced a democratically elected government with a
dictatorship. That coup was only possible because the US was decrypting all
the internal communications of the Iranian regime.
And there are still people in the establishment whose response to this
atrocity is 'Mosadegh had it coming'. I consider such people to be a threat
to the republic. There is far too much seditious talk in the US to start
with and it does not sound any different to me to the treason talk from
countries where a dictatorship was installed. What happens if the NSA
decides that an Obama or a Clinton 'has it coming'. If Sanders was elected
president they might well attempt a coup on the spot.
But they won't win unless they have the tools. Remember when the spate of
coups ended, it was the mid 1970s. One reason was the fall of Nixon and the
election of Jimmy Carter. But they did not restart under Reagan. By that
time the mechanical systems were being replaced by electronic and the
number of weak ciphers began to rapidly decline. There is a big difference
between being able to decrypt most traffic in any government being targeted
and being able to trick an occasional government into using kleptographic

@_date: 2015-12-17 14:15:01
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
I'm not the type of crypto hacker that develops a strong encryption scheme
just to disable NSA mass surveillance.
I'm trying to be the type of crypto hacker that develops a strong
encryption scheme to disable NSA mass surveillance and then sells the same
scheme to the NSA to secure all those documents that Snowden and Manning

@_date: 2016-06-20 18:43:37
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Digital currencies 
Which is really sad because it is actually rather easy to establish an
append only notary infrastructure. We have a few emerging including
certificate transparency and my Mathematical Mesh.
Link a few independent notaries together and it becomes impossible to
backtrack very quickly.
Yep, and Harber Stornetta works great as a hierarchical scheme.

@_date: 2016-06-20 13:33:48
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Digital currencies 
On Fri, Jun 17, 2016 at 6:42 PM, mok-kong shen I think it is a fundamental error to confuse a payment transfer system and
a currency.
BitCoin is a conflation of the two but there is no reason why a ledger
based payment system requires a new currency.
Harber Stornetta hash chain notaries are inherently stable. Using as much
electricity as the island of Malta does to distribute the ledger is an
abomination. Ultimately BitCoin is betting on the ultimate dotcom bubble,
the only value in the currency is that people want the currency.

@_date: 2016-11-05 14:35:00
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] "we need to protect [our dox] by at least encrypting them" 
The cryptographers have only interpreted insecurity, in various ways; the
point is to change it.
Document level security isn't enough, you need to protect the transport as
Transport level security isn't enough, you need to protect the document as
Security must be pervasive and automatic. The user who must think about
security is the user who doesn't think about security on the occasion that
it matters.
Tell the computer what to do, not the user. Any set of user instructions
can be reduced to code.
I spent last week writing up the documentation for the Mathematical Mesh. I
hope to get that converted into HTML and loaded onto the site next week.
After that, I just need to refactor the code so that it matches the docs
and people can start playing with it.
The core idea of the Mesh is that it is really easy to apply cryptography
to any application if every device and every user has a set of private keys
that you can use as anchor points. So making it easy for users to achieve
that allows all else to follow.

@_date: 2017-01-18 20:54:18
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency Exchange without a trusted third party (Ron Garret 
As a meta-point, isn't it rather odd that BitCoin makes such a big thing
about the size of the float being fixed when what has been created is an
additional source of float to the currencies already in circulation?
The claim BitCoin is deflationary only holds if you ascribe to the peculiar
notion that it will replace all other currencies. This for a system whose
transaction bandwidth is insufficient to support sales at CostCo, just one
If we accept that the USD is not going to disappear, the net effect of
BitCoin is to pump a modest quantity of additional currency into somewhat
limited circulation.
And that is before we get to the fact that deflation is actually a worse
economic problem than inflation. Go ask the Japanese how their economy has
been doing. Or the various victims of the Euro.
the BitCoin deflationary multiplier does however encourage the notion that
the value of Bitcoin will appreciate over time.

@_date: 2017-04-04 14:04:41
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Does anyone here know PAM? 
This is a call for technical assistance with a crypto project. Hopefully it
will be of wider benefit if successful.
The Mathematical Mesh has the goal of making computers easier to use by
making them more secure. Note the order. While there are some times that it
is appropriate for a cryptographic key to require the user to enter a PIN
or the like to use it, that cannot be the default requirement, nor is it
acceptable to just leave private keys sitting on disk unencrypted.
Windows and OSX both provide features that cause private keys and other
credentials to be unlocked automatically using the user's password as a
PIN. I want to achieve the same on Ubuntu. I am happy if the solution can
also be carried across to other Linux and FreeBSD but don't have resources
to cover anything else.
The authentication mechanism is PAM. So far, the only documentation I have
found has been of the barely more comprehensible than the code variety.
So the main questions are:
* Is hooking PAM the way to go or should I try to make use of an encrypted
directory mechanism instead?
* If PAM is the way to go, where might I find a working example for using
the login password to unlock a private keystore?
* Has someone already done this for GPG Agent?
In addition, one of the layered applications, Mesh/Confirm offers two
factor authentication (among other things) so an example showing how to
integrate a network authentication mechanism would be useful.
The architecture I am thinking of would be:
1) User logs in with password.
2) Password is passed to the unlock keys mechanism which uses it to unlock
a master key.
3) Processes running under the master key account can request unlocking of
profile data stored under it.
Of course, it is quite possible that the magic required to bridge the gap
between 2 and 3 means effectively recreating GPGAgent.

@_date: 2019-05-28 19:44:05
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019 
On the contrary, it prevents him adding me to the list of defendants in his

@_date: 2019-05-23 15:47:26
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019 
Those of us in the email space will remember the story of a chap whose
claim to have invented email rests on having 'copyrighted' the term. This
is obvious nonsense of course because his claim was filed long after
Tomlinson actually invented email. But he has sued a number of places for
calling him out as a liar.
He tried to run for Senate against Warren and some of his posters are still
