
@_date: 2001-09-30 13:27:19
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Smallpox? 
We're saying the same thing with different terminology. In my
vocabulary, rights are inherent, whether you have a chance to exercise
them or not. I am well aware of the dangers of exercising certain rights
in the USA.
Well, now that you mention it...

@_date: 2001-09-30 13:22:42
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: [EMED-L] Should we ER/Healthcare workers get smallpox vaccine? 
Nice to know the government is doing something sensible. If I were in this ER worker's shoes, I'd be scrambling to find the line
for smallpox vaccination. His risk of exposure is not negligible, while
the risk from the vaccine is very small. A slam dunk, in my humble
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-09-27 10:25:44
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Actually, that is old common-law doctrine: dogs are property - their
owners are legally responsible for their conduct - while cats, like
bees, are considered wild animals in temporary and revocable human care.
I've been gaga about cats since I got my first tomcat at the age of 7,
many years ago, but I never read that. Can you tell me what issue of
Science that article appeared in?
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-09-27 04:05:20
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Get Real 
DIA doesn't do background checks - the Defense Investigative Service
does that. And yes, I would talk to them, as they ONLY perform
consensual background investigations; in the language of the trade, they
are exclusively "doorbell-ringers."
Just ask to see the release form - they're required to show it.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-09-27 02:38:53
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Background checks 
Of course they do - people are people, after all. And the agents running
the checks know it very well. They listen to everybody, smile, thank
them for their time, then make the appropriate comments in their
reports. An adjudication board then examines the reports of all
interviews, records checks and so forth and makes the (usually) final
determination. If that determination is negative, the subject of the
background check gets called in to answer the adverse information. If
the result is still negative, and the subject feels he's had a raw deal,
he still has recourse to the courts.
You need to understand that the system is not designed to weed people
OUT - it is in fact biased toward a positive result. The reason is
simple: background checks and the recruitment work that precedes them is
time-consuming and costly - in my day it cost 20-30,000 "dollars" to
process a Special Background Investigation for the Defense Department -
my guess is a DoE "Q" clearance is about the same. If the clearance has
to be denied, you get to start all over again with the next candidate.
Meanwhile, the position is vacant, which depending on the position could
cost more than just money.
I have performed background investigations, sat on an adjudication board
and monitored the work of others, and over a three-year span in the
field I an truthfully say that I never saw or participated in any
proceeding that was anything but fair and honest at the administrative
level (sources were sometimes less than honest). I wish I could say the
same for the courts.
Key points about background checks:
- they are voluntary, performed with the full knowledge and consent in
writing of the subject, who is seeking a privileged position and has
been informed IN DETAIL of the criteria that will be applied to him and
what will be done with the information that he provides and the
information developed in the investigation
- they incorporate checks based on a very thorough knowledge of human
nature, and of malicious gossip in particular. Every important datum
must be either corroborated or refuted, if necessary by reference to the
subject himself
- nobody is going to make a decision based on ONE lead or one records
check. Security dossiers in even routine cases end up being quite
massive, and the one blue-hair (interestingly, older folk tend to be
more balanced and perceptive in their views - at least in my experience)
with a petty grudge tends to stand out from a generally favorable
background - and be given the degree of attention she deserves.
Bottom line: if you have credible unfavorable information about the
subject, you're doing the whole country a disservice by keeping it to
yourself; if you have generally favorable information to impart, you're
doing the subject a disservice by refusing it. If you are a person of
sound and balanced judgement, your input will help keep the
investigation on track.  Remember: the subject ASKED for this
investigation, and if there is INSUFFICIENT information on which to base
a determination, that is one of the few valid grounds for denial.
If you're in any doubt about whether the subject authorized the
investigation, ask to see the release form that he signed. If the check
is legit, the agent will have a photocopy with him.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-09-27 01:25:42
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Aimee == FBI? 
Easy on the paranoia and the abuse, folks. My attitude is that, so long
as our public servants are doing what we actually pay them for (in this
case, investigating a clearly common-law crime - mass murder), I will
help if I can. That doesn't mean cooperating on a fishing expedition in
my quarters. of course, but I will meet somewhere and contribute
whatever I know about what they're looking into - not that I know a
damn' thing besides what I pick up on CNN and on the various lists.
We can ALL help by letting cooler heads prevail, and applying reason to
the paranoid ravings that inevitably follow an outrage like this. In the
last few days I have answered distraught folk who thought that:
- the Towers were brought down by explosives; the 'planes were just a
- the US government did this to justify repressive measures at home.
- the inevitable Numerology freaks and those who find Biblical
references in the numbers
On the second point, there's no question that opportunists in government
are taking full advantage, but I don't think the deed was done by
government or under government auspices. It would make things nicely
symmetrical, but life is rarely that way

@_date: 2001-09-26 06:53:33
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
Smallpox is officially "eradicated," per the UN. Not only are you not
forced to get vaccinated - the vaccine is no longer available. This
would be okay if there were no more reservoirs of the disease, but in
fact the virus is preserved at several locations, and could be released
either by accident or by design.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-09-26 06:54:48
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Just to make sure we're on the same sheet, would you assign the
perpetrators of WTC to that category?
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-09-27 04:09:30
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Reason's C. Young: Encryption is "scary," put up 
Dear Ms. Young,
Please speak for yourself. As a student and friend of liberty, I am a
libertarian ESPECIALLY in times of stress, when the befogged and weak
are tempted to surrender their freedom.
The two are not separable - the latter is in fact a corollary of the
former - so the order in which they are stated is irrelevant. Human
life, as opposed to the organic existence of cattle in a feedlot,
implies liberty.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-09-27 02:55:33
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Get Real 
The machine is called a polygraph, and all it does is measure
physiological parameters and graph them on a stripchart. The "lie
detector" is the operator, who needs to have considerable skill and
discernment to do the job effectively. Unfortunately, some government
agencies contract out their poly tests to outfits that, as far as I can
tell, give some high-school dropout a booklet and let him loose on the
box without supervision - that is the only way I can account for the
results. Selection of Army polygraph operators (the only ones I know
well) is extremely tight, with hundreds competing for a few training
slots every year. Training is demanding, and once you pass you still
have to work under the supervision of an experienced operator of (I
think) a year, or until he signs you off. Whenever possible, the work of
one operator is reviewed by another. Finally, the polygraph is the
investigative tool of last resort; any agency that uses it routinely at
the beginning of an investigation or (worse!) as a substitute for a
thorough background check is systemically incompetent.
If you are applying for a position and it requires that you be "boxed,"
take the following precautions:
- check that the test is scheduled for after all other investigative
results are in and have been reviewed
- insist on proof of operator competence; the operator must be
identified to you and proof of training and experience furnished
- the polygraph test procedure must include a PRIOR review of all the
questions that will be put to you. This is to eliminate the effect of
surprise, which can skew results. If they refuse - RUN, don't walk - to
the nearest exit.
- there will be calibration questions - questions to which you will be
required to give a false answer e.g. (are you three years old? - YES)
and questions to be answered truthfully whose answers are already known.
No problem there.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-09-27 03:53:29
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Smallpox? 
I would not count on the 18th century cowpox/smallpox coupling to be
valid today - viruses evolve, and that's not counting deliberate
manipulations intended to produce more virulent strains.
Bottom line is: so long as anybody has this stuff in stock it is
criminal not to make the vaccine available, and I applaud efforts to
obtain some level of immunity. There is of course a risk of adverse
reactions from vaccinations, but as I understand it nobody who has been
vaccinated without trouble in the past should expect any from future
boosters or revaccination - the only risk is in initial vaccination, so
we oldtimers who traveled before the WHO declaration of victory have
nothing to lose by revaccination. Each of us has the right to weigh for himself the risk of being
vaccinated versus the risk of being accidentally or deliberately
infected with the allegedly eradicated disease.
Best to all,
Marc de Piolenc
PS. The biotech lists are full of stuff that might lead to the
capability of producing effective vaccines without having stocks of the
virus - something about cell-membrane proteins. Unfortunately my
background is not adequate for understanding this material; perhaps
somebody else on the list has the right PhD?

@_date: 2001-10-29 02:47:38
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
Let's try to spell this out so even you can understand it, Jim. The
distinction is between killing combatants and killing noncombatants. Do
you get that? Location is incidental. Motive is irrelevant to the
definition. American revolutionaries killed British soldiers and their unfortunate
Hessian co-belligerents, not office workers in London (or Boston for
that matter). That's what makes them something other than terrorists.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-27 05:42:56
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: [psychohistory] Two mistakes (fwd) 
That's funny - the post had your return address in the header. Somebody
trying to make you look bad? Superfluous, if so.

@_date: 2001-10-26 00:39:37
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: 'Privacy Council' in defense of M$ 
Where did he learn math, I wonder?
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-25 04:41:19
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: [psychohistory] A Terrorist's Nursery (fwd) 
Let's see - terrorism has to be accepted because it only kills our
children on purpose; retaliation is evil because it sometimes kills
theirs by accident. If we accept the moral equivalence of terror and
retaliation, the question is not "where do we stop?" but "where do we
The right of self-defense is as fundamental as the right to life itself.
Pacifists may comfort themselves with the fuzzy notion that meeting bin
Laden's demands (and presumably the demands of every other two-bit
killer with enough cash to buy a Kalashnikov and some plastique) will
free us of the threat of terrorism; unfortunately, I have studied terror
for 25 years and know better, so that comfort is denied me. The only real alternatives are (1) retaliate against the attackers, no
matter who they are or where they lurk, or (2) accept that anybody with
a grudge against people who are happier than he is has the prerogative
of taking life with impunity.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-15 00:02:27
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: More on "new physics" 
I deeply doubt the stories about his papers having been "classified."
More likely, as he died in obscurity, his unpublished work simply ended
up in a trash bin. There is no reverence for, nor any desire to preserve
the work of, some dead pauper who is not the media darling du jour.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-05 14:00:38
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
YOu need to understand that terrorism has its own ideology, which has
nothing to do with whatever the terrorist du jour espouses publicly. All
that the actions proposed below would do is infuriate REAL Muslims, who
are not yet our enemies and need not be.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-04 00:59:00
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
Nincompoops! Remove all information of potential value to terrorists and
you remove...all information.
Time to flood the Feds with FOIA requests.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-08 11:32:39
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: What color are anthrax spores anyway? 
Too short an incubation period for Anthrax.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-16 03:48:32
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
Two wrongs don't make a right - please don't forget that. Betraying the
very freedoms we aim to protect is going to do a lot more damage in the
long run than the WTC bombings.
Due process is for everybody.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-24 11:28:04
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Retribution not enough 
You are the only one here who seems to have a problem with the meaning
of that word.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-22 13:58:21
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Retribution not enough 
Elementary - fair is whatever the parties in interest agree to. Period. I don't know about Central or South America, but nobody has to send out
armed goons to recruit people to work in offshore plants here in the
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-21 23:45:11
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: IP: Beyond Carnivore: FBI Eyes Packet Taps (fwd) 
God, how dumb can you get?
Not only is this a systematic, police-state invasion of privacy with
international repercussions, but it defeats the purpose of the
redundant, distributed Internet architecture. The invasion of privacy
can be defeated by strong encryption and other measures discussed on
this list, but the vulnerability created by concentrating data links can
only be fixed by setting up high-bandwidth channels that bypass US
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-27 02:30:29
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
Again, you make no distinction between freedom fighters and terrorists,
which is very sad because there is a rather important difference. Being
incapable of making the distinction, you are condemned to hate everybody
who fights.
Right is certainly on our side. I'm an atheist, so I have no concern for
God's opinions.
Marc de Piolenc
Philippines

@_date: 2001-10-25 16:24:33
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
No argument there - I just have a lot of trouble equating terrorism and
the American war of independence. Arms should indeed be taken up against
those who wantonly murder the innocent.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-24 22:46:10
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
And if you believe that WTC had anything to do with US foreign policy,
or that we would cease being targets if we e.g. dropped suppport for
Israel, you are living in a dream world and have "bought" the
terrorists' propaganda.
We need to send a message that "armed propaganda" is not an acceptable
form of self-expression, no matter what the alleged cause.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-10-27 02:47:02
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: [psychohistory] Two mistakes (fwd) 
Psst - your ignorance is showing! The French term "soldier" refers to a
warrior who is paid - "solde" means pay - as contrasted originally with
feudal levies, who were not. Nowadays the distinction is meaningless
because even conscripts are paid at regular rates, so we say
"professional soldier" for a volunteer and "conscript" for a short-term
draftee. A . "Salary," by the way, refers to a portion of the pay of the Roman
legionaire, which was paid in salt.
The US eliminates involuntary military servitude, and you call it
imperialism. It develops a career army, and you call it mercenary. I
know this won't make any impression on you, but do try to consider the
obvious military advantages of having continuity in training, experience
and DISCIPLINE. I would just add that by your criterion, Canada must be
planning to take over the world because they have always had a
professional military in all services!
Have you ever actually talked to a US soldier? I don't think anybody
"looks forward" to death in combat, but if you think our military is
intimidated by the likes of OBL or the Taliban, you obviously don't know
much about the current state of morale in the US military. And your
ignorance shows again when you say professional soldiers are "in it for
the money" - you contradict yourself. How much would it cost to convince
YOU to put your life on the line? There probably isn't enough money in
the world for that, because you are a moral coward, and such people tend
to be physical cowards as well. Fortunately, your kind is the exception,
something you are naturally incapable of perceiving from your
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-26 10:34:51
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
Well, I'm not a copyright expert either, but I have read the statutes
and a smattering of case law, and I have been running a photocopy
service - i.e. practicing what I preach - for 25 years or so, with no
trouble so far except from anal-retentive Kinko's clerks.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-21 04:10:21
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Graduate student seeking help in research 
I hate to break this to you, but members of this List are heavily
concerned with preserving privacy, and sometimes even anonymity.
Responding to your survey is as contrary to their nature as
vegetarianism is to a tiger.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-21 04:04:59
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: The bookburning begins... 
Your point is extensible to ALL categories of information - namely that
removing them from depositories is futile if your goal is to fight
terrorism. That applies equally well to infrastructure data, data on
making explosives, microorganic culture, etc...no? That won't prevent a
panic-stricken bureaucrat from trying. I would be very much surprised if
government documents on cryptography - especially those including
vulnerability assessments of currently deployed systems - were pulled,
or at least nominated for removal. I just hope that some libraries, at
least, take a principled stand against this nonsense.
Been there, tried that. I cannot see any way that Chaumian credentials
can enhance air travel security. The problem, as I understand it, is
that credentials (if they work perfectly) establish a POSITIVE link
between a given person and his/her attainments (this person has passed a
course of flight training, this person has a million bucks in the bank).
They cannot provide verification of negative propositions (this person
has never been criminally insane, this person has never plotted to blow
up an airliner), which would be crucial to a purely data-based security
system. Having worked the security racket (albeit not for airlines or
the FAA) for some 26 years, I must say that I can't imagine any purely
data-based system working against terrorism, or any other serious crime
for that matter.
I would have posted earlier to that effect, except that others on the
list had already expressed exactly this thought, so I assumed that your
"assignment" was a jab at what you felt was an irrelevant question.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-21 03:02:32
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Liberating the Phillipine Islands 
The capital is a long way from the nasties; they're closer to my
neighborhood (Mindanao).
There's no evidence of ANY crackdown on civil liberties here. The fight
against terrorism here is directed at the terrorists, who unfortunately
do exist. When there was agitation in Metro Manila a few months ago,
Gloria did declare a State of Rebellion, but it applied only to the
capital and was revoked as soon as the police had a handle on the
rioting, even before things calmed down completely. There is a high
degree of sensitivity here, dating to the Marcos régime, to any hint of
martial law, and politicians are very reluctant to even consider it. The
kind of Fabian loss of liberty taking place in the States is not really
possible here, because the mechanism for enforcing the "death of a
thousand cuts" does not exist - it's all or nothing. So far, it's
We had a visit from some PACOM terrorism experts recently, and I think
there will be some concrete help forthcoming against the Abu Sayyaf,
which is the local al-Quaeda franchise and a very nasty (though
fortunately small) element.
I daresay that with PATRIOT in effect in the USA, your privacy and
liberty are safer here! Marc de Piolenc
Iligan, Lanao del Norte

@_date: 2001-11-20 04:11:26
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re:  HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
And you might mention for the nuclearly impaired that the fuel used in
RTGs is not the same as the fissionables used in reactors and weapons.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-18 06:49:30
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
I think this stuff is already available as the download package PCNuDat.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-08 10:36:46
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
I already have...years ago. And I would gladly take whatever accrued
risk there was to have those civilized times return.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-04 07:37:28
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: MATT DRUDGE // DRUDGE REPORT =?iso-8859-1?Q?2001=AE?= - Delta 
O-kay - the learning process begins. In every war we've ever fought,
we've learned from our opponents - if the political leadership gave us
the opportunity to do it.
Now we know the Talibs have small, heavily armed forces staked out NEXT
TO obvious fixed objectives. Our next assaults will be in greater force,
and on the CURRENT enemy positions instead of those they've abandoned
under bombardment. What that means is that the combination of
bombardment and ground assault is WORKING, unless you believe that the
positions the Talibs are hastily improvising are better than those they
were forced to abandon...
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-03 03:05:16
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: re: Using Thermite to Drop Suspension Bridges...and U.S. 
I would be interested to see that formula. I thought I knew them all,
but all the thermite formulas I know require at least a two-stage
initiator or a direct blowtorch flame.
Also, the formulas I've seen prescribe much larger particle sizes than
the colloidal range used in pigments, to keep reaction rates reasonable.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-02 00:24:54
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Transperancy Spray? 
You can find formulas for this spray in many formularies - it's been
used at least as far back as WWI for making an envelope transparent for
a few minutes. Actually, translucent would be a better term, as you can
only read text that is right up against the inside of the envelope. What
is more, the stuff is less useful than back in the fountain-pen days
because it tends to smear ball-point and other greasy inks.
Marc de Piolenc
 THe

@_date: 2001-11-06 03:08:16
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: First Polygraphs and Then Torture? 
An even more basic point is "punishment" - for what? These people are
SUSPECTS, against whom no criminal act has yet been proven in open
court. They are not yet eligible for punishment in any form.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-08 03:13:56
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
I think the point was that those in whom these data were confided had
promised to protect them from disclosure. What happens to the data ONCE
COMPROMISED is another question. More below
I don't recall anybody being required to do that. Quite a stretch,
unless you can cite an example.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-09 03:09:47
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
I would like to read these papers. Are they available on-line?
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-09 09:11:58
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
Just thought you might know offhand. Search engines it is...
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-17 17:35:37
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Look it up. The _Reactor Handbook_ is a good source on spontaneous decay
rates of fissionables. Plutonium dust is a deadly chemical poison, but a
properly formed (and protectively plated) mass of plutonium has very low
Consider that nuclear weapons could not be built if the fissiles had
high rates of spontaneous decay - the stuff would detonate prematurely,
resulting in a fizzle. That, incidentally, is why plutonium cannot be
used in a gun-type device - two isotopes are inevitably present, one of
which (forgot the mass number, but you can look that up, too) has a
spontaneous decay rate that is too high for the (relatively) slow
assembly rate of a gun.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-17 11:19:02
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
A couple of corrections from somebody who began studying this threat
fifteen years ago.
There is little danger to weapons builders from exposure to fissile
materials, because they have very little spontaneous radioactivity. The
radioactive emissions come when the device goes supercritical during
detonation. You can actually hold a subcritical mass of plutonium in
your hand for awhile - I'm told it feels warm. Can't say I've tried it
Plans for a nuclear device are easy enough to come up with - college
kids regularly cause silly-season sensations by publishing "plans" for
hydrogen bombs. You can't classify the basic physics, and the data for
controlled nuclear reactions is equally applicable to deliberate
fast-prompt-critical runaways, which is what nuclear bombs are. What's
difficult is not the material, or the material processing, but the
detonator TECHNOLOGY. Even that is not a problem if you have LOTS of
U-235 or U-233 (plutonium won't work), because you can than use a
gun-type device - very heavy and wasteful of material, but workable as
proven by Hiroshima's fate.
An implosion device (and only an implosion device can be made small)
requires the simultaneous (to within microseconds) detonation of perhaps
32 composite shaped charges surrounding a spherical "core" and tamper
shell. The manufacture of the charges is very demanding, but the
manufacture of the detonators and switches (Krytrons) is the province of
maybe four or five firms in the entire world, all carefully monitored by
their respective governments. With a full set of _Exploding Wires_, lots
of time and extensive manufacturing support, you could eventually get a
set of krytrons with the necessary specs. Judging by the number of
recent attempts to smuggle krytrons from established sources, however,
this has not yet been accomplished by Saddam, Bin Laden or any of their
I'm not losing any sleep over this "threat."
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-20 04:42:22
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: The bookburning begins... 
In another life, I sell technical documents, so I monitor bookseller
lists. This could interest cypherpunks.
Presumably, the reports to be destroyed include everything to do with
crypto. If I had the money, I would zip over to the States, visit my favorite
depository library (where the librarians know me and are certain to be
as disgusted by this as I am) and offer to relieve them of anything that
can no longer appear on their shelves. Fill a container with "waste
paper and microfilm" and send it over here.
Dream on, Marc...
Marc de Piolenc
Message: 23
Not only is the government removing much material from its websites it
is also asking depository libraries (which are sent government reports
free) to remove and destroy many government reports--because of the recent terrorist incidents.
Any comments? Any bookdealers destroying books which they think might be useful to terrorists?
Here is a discussion about this at Slashdot  (a popular discussion forum for computer nerds).

@_date: 2001-11-21 03:11:29
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: The bookburning begins... 
No doubt, but a high degree of public access is lost when paper and
microfiche are burned, and of course anything in electronic form can be
made to disappear from one minute to the next, with no evidence that it
ever existed.
I would still love to be standing next to the dumpster at a certain
large university library with my banker box, along with a lot of friends
with theirs...
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-24 06:59:48
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Passive three dimensional track of non-cooperative 
Damn. If this really works it is a cheap countermeasure to
low-observable ("stealth") technology. In effect, everybody within the
GPS and/or GLONASS coverage area has his own multistatic radar available
I wonder if this has actually been implemented...
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-11-26 02:51:15
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
Really? Sounds to me like they fall under "Fair Use." That provision
specifically exempts copying for research or education.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-12-14 10:27:04
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Who Am I Anyway? 
How do you figure? If I could lie about my age, seems to me I could lie
about just about anything else, with the possible exception of sex. If I
were going for a commission, or got roped into a high-security program
that required background investigation, then I would need better
backstopping than just a set of lies on an enlistment form, but as a
plain old grunt nobody need ever know my name was NOT Michael J.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-12-13 05:22:47
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: cryptographic fantasy (ca. "Stego, my ass" by WF Buckley) 
You are correct. There is a small radical (mostly young) element that
thinks he's pretty neat, but they're a minority-in-a-minority. They're
likely to become even more of one soon, as many are allegedly
volunteering for service in Afghanistan aganist the Great Satan...
Marc de Piolenc
Iligan City, Philippines

@_date: 2001-12-01 14:33:30
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: RE: fuel injected firearm 
I owned a Gyrojet and about 18 rounds of ammo back in the 70's, until my
mother put it into her unsecure storage locker, whence it was stolen. I
fired about 6 rounds through it.
It was incredibly quiet, making no more noise than one of the smaller
Estes rocket engines. Totally unlike a firearm, thus unlikely to be
identified as a threat by a live target.
There was, however, a distinct pause between pulling the trigger and the
departure of the round - you had to follow through and be very steady.
The construction of the weapon was more like a child's toy gun than a
real weapon - crude sights, poor balance, etc.
I miss it, though - I have a weakness for white elephants.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-12-12 14:39:10
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: FreeSWAN & US export controls 
Gee - don't you think that if you're going to use hifalutin terms like
"ad hominem" and "ad nauseam," you ought to learn how they're spelled?
Not knowing how they are spelled sorta makes people think you might not
know what they mean...
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-12-12 14:38:48
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: FreeSWAN & US export controls 
Gee - don't you think that if you're going to use hifalutin terms like
"ad hominem" and "ad nauseam," you ought to learn how they're spelled?
Not knowing how they are spelled sorta makes people think you might not
know what they mean...
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-12-14 04:39:13
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Who Am I Anyway? 
It is clear that whatever ID procedures were in effect, they were not
effective. Many enlistees lied about their ages and got away with it.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-12-18 10:11:34
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Poor little child pornographer 
Sadly, the guilty plea says nothing about probable guilt. I don't blame
you for thinking so, but I know that many people - some of them known to
me personally - have been induced by their own attorneys to plead guilty
to a bogus sex crime in a plea-bargain rather than face the instant
prejudice of a jury and the anti-accused bias of the legal system
whenever a sex crime is charged.
When children are alleged to be involved that goes double. Add general
public ignorance of matters relating to electronic media and you have a
perfect setting for a prosecutor and judge to bring in any verdict they
like. Many are cutting their losses by pleading guilty to a lesser
offense than that originally charged, despite the fact that they will be
branded for life, rather than risk an even larger sentence in a "worse"
facility or one in which they won't be guaranteed protected or solitary
It is incredible. It is disgusting. It is also true.
Marc de Piolenc
Iligan, Philippines

@_date: 2001-12-15 06:10:09
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: My week in Manila:Dial M for Mayhem. 
You need to get away from Manila, Mattd. It just ain't the Philippines,
any more than Paris is France.
Also: give yourself some time for acclimation before writing. I'm glad I
didn't see this piece in '96 before I first came here, because I would
have had a completely false impression of the place.
We notice the things we're not used to and forget the multiple instances
of violence we see in our hometown news in the States because we're used
to that. Perspective is needed.
Marc de Piolenc
living peacefully and happily on Mindanao

@_date: 2001-12-25 10:17:11
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Argentina has decisively entered the road of revolution. 
Great propaganda piece. Take a revolt against government manipulation of
the economy and portray it as the death of capitalism...
Kinda gives himself away by describing the fall of Saigon as "foreign
invaders fleeing from an army of national liberation."
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2001-12-28 04:56:37
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Western Culture 
"The Western conceit that its culture is so superior that it
must impose it on others through missionary campaigns
now many centuries old, through economic policies, through eduation, through foreign policies, through military enforcement,
and through disparagement of other cultures, has bred a
deep seated anger toward the prime exporters, the idea
supremacists of state, church and family."
A pity to see terrorist propaganda taken up in this place where reality
should prevail.
Western culture stopped spreading by force before WWII, but it's still
in demand. Guess what - it IS superior! Not surprisingly, cultures based
on individual rights and the cultivation of reason are more effective
than those based on conformity and superstition. Sorry if you don't like
that, but it's true. And it is that ineluctable FACT that the fanatics
of 9/11 hate. They hate the fact that the people they want to control
like our culture better.
Marc de Piolenc
Iligan, Lanao del Norte

@_date: 2002-01-28 10:46:32
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Property Rights 
Simple proof using reductio ad absurdam:
Let us assume you are correct, and the right to life does NOT imply any
right to property.
Consider the following hypothetical (but feasible) scenario:
A stalks B. Whenever B acquires food or drink, A deprives him of it. B
has no right to property, so A has done no wrong.
Eventually, however, B dies of starvation or thirst. A has deprived him
of his life by depriving him only of property, thus refuting the initial
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-17 05:56:25
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: When prisoners of war aren't even close. 
Apparently, this guy is claiming to be the first to publish Goebbels'
diaries. This has already been done, viz. The Goebbels Diaries. There
are gaps in the latter publication, however, which may not exist in the
Irving version. Worth downloading to see.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-17 03:55:49
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Mostly untraceable ordering of books by mail 
Right. Pay cash, and don't lodge any "want list" with the dealer, or
anything else that would reveal your identity.
I believe that there exists, or existed, a debit card on the prepaid
phone card model. Show up at a retail "card store," give them cash and
get a debit card with a "credit limit" equal to the value of the card.
The card behaves like a credit card for retail purchase purposes, but
doesn't have your name on it or associated with it in any database.
Anybody know if this is still being offered?
Sort of a private Poste Restante. Neat.
Unfortunately, the Postal Service puts pressure on the retail mail
outlets to have their customers complete a Post Office form that
"identifies" them. I can't remember whether the outfit I used actually
asked me for ID, though.
Relatively easy to defeat, in any case. If the identifying feature for
picking up the parcel is a number or code, rather than a biometric
feature, the simplest disguise would do the trick. You would not have to
look like anyone in particular, least of all yourself. I predict a spike
in the sale of Groucho Marx masks.
Hmm. Fundraising activity, anyone?
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-16 02:38:00
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: The vital private archive 
That's pretty much what I understood you to say. The problem is that
somewhere in the bookdealers' and jobbers' archives, the sales record
will have to be accessible by title and by customer or customer
category. In the case of a cash sale, of course, there's no problem, but
if a credit card was involved the dealer has to be able to retrieve the
record by name in case there's a chargeback or complaint. So the
vulnerability to a police razzia still exists.

@_date: 2002-01-15 05:47:48
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: James Bovard On Fighting Terrorism, Saving Tyrants 
It IS clearly defined - and by the same government that is now ignoring
the definition.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-09 05:19:20
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: End of the IRS?? 
Hey folks - you need to keep in mind that the "not ratified" argument is
not what will be discussed, and for obvious reasons. The IRS is not
competent to comment on whether their marching orders were or were not
properly ratified by the People. It is the actual content of their
statutory authority that is in question.
What WILL be discussed is the simple fact that, to make the current
internal revenue code constitutional (two previous attempts having been
overturned by the courts), those framing it simply omitted to require
people to do any action that government had no authority to require.
Instead, taxes are collected from multitudes who don't owe them by
suckering them into "voluntary" self-assessment. Once they have declared
themselves "taxpayers" - usually by declaring themselves "US citizens"
(federal subjects who have no Constitutional or Common Law protection)
on an SSN application - the courts use tricks of equity contract law
(which apparently doesn't require knowing consent) to force them to file
information returns and pay tax. Various strategies for undoing the
damage have been tried with varying degrees of success. Irwin Schiff is
the most successful of the strategists, having successfully practiced
what he preaches for decades.
The best strategy for most individuals is not to rely on courts (staffed
by beneficiaries of the fraudulent tax), but simply to drop out of the
system. Nobody pays any attention to notices of SSN revocation, but if
you simply stop using the one assigned you - that does work. Few
employers have the courage to refuse an IRS Notice of Levy, however
obviously illegal it is - so employ yourself. And so on. As time passes,
Atlas shrugs; the smartest and most productive get out first, leaving
sheeple as both beneficiaries and sole contributors to the fraudulent
system that they inhabit. It has been happening in my lifetime: people
who, forty years ago, would have had no choice but corporate employment
with all the liabilities that implies, now would not consider working
for anyone but themselves.
Hang 'em high? Why bother. Make 'em ineffectual!
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-09 04:50:44
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re:  Shoe bomb (fwd) 
It will work - provided that you provide a trained anesthetist for every
four or so passengers. There's no such thing as a safe, stable
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-09 03:12:34
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
I think they may be referring to a random string of _ASCII characters_.
That would be subject to compression because it is not random at the bit
level. But 100:1? I have no idea how to achieve that.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-15 03:53:26
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
Okay, let's try a concrete example:
A commits the offense of blocking another's driveway with his
B commits murder.
Is A in the same category as B? If yes, then I have to concede the
argument, because as you say the US government is not Simon-pure. I do,
however, make a distinction.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-14 12:27:51
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
Okay - it DEFINITELY isn't a military force for Geneva purposes. How's
that? You're welcome to your definition, but it won't wash here.
We definitely differ here, and I disrespectfully submit that your line
of reasoning is that of a terrorist: who is not for me is against me. By
that "logic" everyone is fair game. And of course that's the purpose of
the doctrine: to justify murder. My reasoning is simpler and less legalistic than that which you impute
top me. Murder is a crime. These guys conspired to commit murder, and
did so. They are criminals, and associated in crime; therefore they are
a criminal association.
Nonsense. No reasonable definition of criminal conduct would put the US
government and al-Quaeda in the same category.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-13 17:13:41
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
Al-Quaeda is not a military force by any reasonable reckoning; it is a
criminal association whose victims are defenseless and innocent of any
involvement (pro or anti) in the cause that the criminal association
claims to espouse.
Interrogation is certainly NOT prohibited by the Convention. Where are
you getting this nonsense? Every army of every signatory power has
interrogators trained and ready to process prisoners of war. Every
infantry leader is trained to rapidly elicit information of immediate
tactical value from the enemy soldiers whom he captures.
Right. Coercion and torture forbidden. Asking questions is not. Use of
trickery is not. Many other means of obtaining information are not.
The Convention certainly did not envision eliminating security
precautions against the escape of prisoners!
I'll say it again - these are not prisoners of war! If the US prisoners in question had engineered, or were suspected of
having engineered, the deaths of thousands of innocent people, I suspect
that even LESS sympathy or consideration would be shown them. They
certainly would not get any from me.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-15 05:45:42
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: The vital private archive 
Dear Michael,
Wow - two minds with but one set of thoughts.
That's fine for the clued-in folk like us, but what the bookdealers are
fighting for is the vital but fragile asset of consumer confidence. Joe
Sixpack is going to think twice about buying a book on sexual impotence
- not to mention the Anarchist Cookbook - if he thinks Big Brother is
going to be following his purchases. So a favorable court decision will
mean much to the trade.
E-books are already a fact, but most are sold with the same retail
machinery as regular books, so changing the medium doesn't change the
Sorry. Could you expand on the significance of this for non-programmers?
What does this command accomplish? Is it in firmware?
Yes! I've been doing that for about 20 years, but I'm fettered now by
not being able to visit my favorite research libraries in the States.
If you have personal contacts at US depository libraries that are now
being forced to destroy "sensitive" material, you will do mankind and
freedom a service by arranging to take that material off their hands.
Librarians have very strong instincts for preserving books - they don't
like to burn them. If they trust you to make the stuff disappear and not
reveal their help, you'll get it all. Other stuff turns up in library sales, pawnshops, thrift stores...all of
which are currently out of my reach!
The other side of the coin is research/reprinting services like mine,
which make the private archives available to others as copies and scans.
I also trade 2:1 (for very useful stuff, 3:1) for stuff I want. In other
words, you give me 100 pages of stuff I want, and I give you 200 (or
300) pages of stuff that I have and you want. At present, that and
downloads are the only mechanisms by which I'm able to expand my
Marc de Piolenc
Iligan, Philippines
(or see my catalog on ABE)

@_date: 2002-01-17 23:44:49
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: One arms violent people with weapons 
26? Huh? Okay - CIA, DIA, NSA, the State Department's intel/security
arm, the individual Armed Services... that brings us to 8. What are the
other 19. Maybe they're counting the Secret Service as an intel agency
(it isn't). But that's still only 9. Where are the other 17?
Why is it necessary to "take a position" regarding an obvious error? We
thought it was so; it turned out not to be so. Duh.
Another idiotic statement. When has it ever been possible to develop
evidence meeting judicial standards of proof early in an investigation,
with all suspects in the crime dead and suspected conspirators spread
all over Creation? And when have judicial standards had to be me before
going to war?
Who says he was "sophisticated?" What Bülow has completely missed is
that this was not a complex operation. The reason it remained undetected
is that it left no indicators. It was so simple that few people had to
be involved, and preparation consisted of buying plane tickets.
It's a stupid one. A simple enquiry would show that the planes were not
equipped for this. Special equipment is required - you can't just "dial
in" to a 757.
For good reason.
The perpetrators, you nincompoop! Of course somebody knew.
"Complicated flight maneuvers?" Give me a break!
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-01-28 04:25:01
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Property Rights 
Nonsense. It is impossible to logically separate property rights from
the right to life. The right to life is absolute, therefore the right to
property is, too.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-02-20 01:18:49
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: PSYOPS/Foreign agent John W. Rendon Jr: Osama Comic? 
A few details that make me doubt the authenticity of this news item, or
perhaps the accuracy with which it is reported.
The terms "black" and "white" do not refer to the question of whether
the propaganda message is false or true. Instead, they refer to whether
the true source of the message is declared or disguised. "Black"
propaganda purports to emanate from a source other than the true one.
The message itself, however, may be either false or true.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-02-07 06:42:03
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: What Kind Of Government...... 
I would be grateful for a chance to download this paper. If it is bigger
than 1.5 MB it is an iffy proposition as an attachment to email, so
perhaps a temporary posting to a free Web server...?
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-02-20 17:03:59
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: A critique of "RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway 
She could be referring to the Japanese takeover of French Indochina. The
Axis powers met fierce, though poorly organized, resistance in their
invasion of France. It was no cakewalk.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-03-15 03:01:27
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: "Accolade?" 
"Ask a Booch accolade to define 'simple' and 'complex' sometime."
I think you mean "acolyte," as in disciple or follower, not "accolade"
as in praise...
If you like using ten-dollar words (and I do), keep a dictionary handy.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-04-12 03:58:05
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: overcoming ecash deployment problems (Re: all about 
You're saying the same thing. AC works for transmission over long
distances because it can be cheaply stepped up in voltage for
transmission to minimize losses, then stepped down again for safe
domestic use. We now have machinery that does that fairly cheaply for
DC, but it's still more expensive than a simple transformer with the
same capacity. Long range transmission line are now often high-voltage
DC, to take advantage of higher average power at a given peak voltage;
it is now possible to efficiently reconvert to AC at the end. In
Edison's day that was not so. If his commutated DC generators generated
32 volts (and high-voltage DC generators would have been very difficult
to build in those days), that was the transmission voltage, and you had
to have a powerplant on every block.
What held up AC as a distribution format was the absence of practical AC
motors - Tesla broke that logjam, asking little in return, and the rest
is history.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-04-07 00:40:36
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re:  Julia Child was a Spook 
It's very important to distinguish propaganda from fact. It is indeed
convenient to lable people you don't like "terrorist" - the Germans did
that with the French resistance - but fortunately there are generally
accepted definitions of that term against which propaganda labels can be
tested, if you care to...
Terrorism has nothing to do with irregular warfare, or what you call
"not playing fair." It concerns chiefly the choice of target and the
ultimate result desired. A warrior - whether guerrillero, résistant or regular - attacks his
adversary directly and seeks to damage him, preferably enough to take
him out of action. A terrorist attacks a target conveniently designated by him as SYMBOLIC
of his chosen adversary; the target is preferably unsuspecting and
undefended. The ultimate purpose is to frighten his adversary, or
somebody with influence on that adversary, into harming himself. In the
case of most current terrorist organizations, the target is liberal
western republics, and the aim is to instill fear that will be manifest
in repression that will in effect dismantle the freedom that the
terrorists hate.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-04-06 06:59:12
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Julia Child was a Spook 
Nonsense. If you can't see any difference between terrorists and
résistants you are either wilfully ignorant or confused.
A terrorist strikes symbolic targets, preferably undefended ones. A
résistant strikes at the occupying power.
Of course it is possible for one and the same person to be both - it is
behavior that defines the terrorist. So when an al-Quaida member takes
on a US patrol, he may define himself as some kind of soldier in that
encounter. It doesn't change the fact of his complicity in the murder of
innocents, which makes him a terrorist as well.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-04-07 05:31:25
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re:  Julia Child was a Spook 
I really don't give a fig about the opinions of the current resident of
the White House. I've been studying terror and its practitioners for
about 25 years and I know their mentality.
I'm sorry you've bought the terrorist line that it's all about US
support for Israel. I know better. We could withdraw from the Middle
East tomorrow, and all that would change would be the excuse.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-04-07 00:40:36
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re:  Julia Child was a Spook 
It's very important to distinguish propaganda from fact. It is indeed
convenient to lable people you don't like "terrorist" - the Germans did
that with the French resistance - but fortunately there are generally
accepted definitions of that term against which propaganda labels can be
tested, if you care to...
Terrorism has nothing to do with irregular warfare, or what you call
"not playing fair." It concerns chiefly the choice of target and the
ultimate result desired. A warrior - whether guerrillero, résistant or regular - attacks his
adversary directly and seeks to damage him, preferably enough to take
him out of action. A terrorist attacks a target conveniently designated by him as SYMBOLIC
of his chosen adversary; the target is preferably unsuspecting and
undefended. The ultimate purpose is to frighten his adversary, or
somebody with influence on that adversary, into harming himself. In the
case of most current terrorist organizations, the target is liberal
western republics, and the aim is to instill fear that will be manifest
in repression that will in effect dismantle the freedom that the
terrorists hate.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-04-11 14:56:13
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Among the Bourgeoisophobes 
Among the Bourgeoisophobes
Why  the  Europeans and Arabs, each in their own way, hate America and

@_date: 2002-04-12 03:41:20
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Among the Bourgeoisophobes 
It would be more on target to say that they hate the *consequences" of
freedom, but I like the simpler formulation better. The absence of fear
and awe (arrogance), the rejection of superstition (godlessness),
confidence, active pursuit of gain - all are outgrowths not merely of
freedom, which we have in only a relative sense - but of the
*expectation* of freedom and the responsibility that goes with it.
So very true...and very sad. As long as we're putting untrained but
heavily armed National Guardsmen in airports and finding new ways to spy
on each other, Bin Laden has won no matter what happens to him
A point made by Ayn Rand many years ago, but less entertainingly.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-04-22 04:18:07
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: 'Enigma' reviewed in Salon. 
Ultra originated in Poland, not Britain. The wartime decryption work was
of course carried out in Britain, but without the prewar "seed" work of
the Poles it would probably have been futile.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-07-13 09:52:33
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Are YOU looking for a new website, to develop an existing 
Given that you are a Web hosting company, I am surprised to see no URL
for further information.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-07-10 23:47:56
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences... 
Considering only taxes, I think that's correct. You do need to consider
other things, such as what happens to your citizenship in your native
country if you are naturalized in a foreign country. Some governments
don't care, while others will treat you as an alien when you return.
As for the IRS: Your green card status means you have put yourself
squarely in their sights. Giving up the green card apparently doesn't
get you immediately off the hook, as they will still try to tax you like
a citizen. I recommend getting advice from a good US tax ATTORNEY (not a
tax preparer, who is basically an IRS employee paid by you), without
disclosing your SSN or any other identifying numbers even to him. You
also need to find out about tax treaties between your native country and
the US.
So much for legalities (which the IRS tends to ignore anyway, when they
don't suit them). Tactically, you have probably already disclosed
certain things to the IRS, and have immovable and illiquid assets within
their reach that are identifiable with you. You have to weigh the
advantages of simply moving offshore and telling them to pound salt
against what they can grab when/if you do so. You may find you need a
period of preparation during which you make your assets less vulnerable
and/or less easy to trace to you.
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-07-10 07:40:53
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
Not necessarily "get" them, but tax them. Believe!
Marc de Piolenc

@_date: 2002-07-10 00:29:22
@_author: "F. Marc de Piolenc" 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
Basically, none. A US resident is taxed just like a citizen. In fact,
even if you are not a green card holder, but have a "substantial
presence" in the US, you are still taxed like a citizen.
Marc de Piolenc
