
@_date: 2004-07-23 10:29:41
@_author: "SENATOR PIUS ANYIM" 
@_subject: GREETINGS!!!!!!!!!! 
Senator Pius Anyim.
23th July 2004
Kindest Attention: I am Former Senator Anyim Pius Anyim,The Former Senate
President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Though
this proposal may be very surprise to you as we have
not met in any way before.
I got your contact address through your country
business Guide and feel you will serve as a reliable
source to be used to achieve this aim, by trusting
under your care the total sum of Thirty million US
dollars (US $30M).
This money I want to invest into any business of your
choice in your country was acquired through the
Construction Of  the newly completed Abuja National
Stadium which was used for the  just concluded All
African Games ( COJA )Abuja 2003. During the time the
contract was to be awarded to a foreign contractor, I
used my position and office then as the Senate
President to over invoice the sum of USD.30M from the
main contract sum.
The Construction of the Stadium have been completed
and commissioned the contractor have been paid, then
this over invoiced amount (USD.30M) is what I want to
trust under your care for lucrative investment of your
choice in your country.
As a former Senate President, l find it very difficult
to invest such amount of money in my country due to my
position in the Government such amount of money may
attracts some suspicion which may lead to my arrest,
that is why I need your urgent assistance, Please
indicate your interest in the area of a lucrative
business viability in your country.
For working with me to actualize this transaction, I
will give to you 30% of the total fund while 10% will
be used to settle every monetary expenses on the
course of this transaction and the remaining 60% will
be for me.
The proposal should be kept strictly confidential due
to my person in the Government as the Former senate
President of Nigeria.
Please indicate your interest by providing me with
your private direct phone line / fax number. And I
assure you that all we be well at the end of this
Thanks and God bless you.
Senator Anyim Pius Anyim
