
@_date: 2004-11-02 15:28:50
@_author: "PAOLO  ABATE" 
@_subject: CO 
What I wish to relate to you will smack of unethical
practice but I want you to understand something. On
June 6, 1999, Mr. Richard Smith came to our Bank to
engage in business discussions with our private
banking Division. He informed us that he had a
financial portfolio of 5.7 million USD, which he
wished to have us turn over (invest) on his behalf.
Based on the investment, we spun the money around
which with accrued profit and interest Stood at over
6.5 million United States Dollars.In mid 2001, he
asked that the money be Liquidated because he needed
to make an urgent investment requiring cash
Payments in Antwerp. He directed that I liquidate the
funds and Have it deposited with a firm in Brussels. I
informed him that Banca de toro would Have to make
special arrangements to have this done and in order not
to Circumvent due process; the bank would have to make
a 9.5 % deduction from The funds to cater for banking
and statutory charges. He complained about
The charges but later came around when I explained to
him the complexities
Of the task he was asking of us. Cash movement across
boarders has
Become especially strict since the incidents of 9/11.I
contacted my affiliate in Brussels and had the funds
available in main land Europe. I undertook all the
processes and made sure I followed his precise
Instructions to the letter and had the Funds deposited
at the UK based security Consultancy firm.Mr. Richard.
Smith told me he wanted the money there in
anticipation of his arrival from Norway later that
week. This was the last communication we had, this
transpired around 25th February 2001.In June later
year, we got a call from Uk based firm informing us
about The inactivity of that particular portfolio.
This was an astounding position as far as I was
concerned; given the fact that I managed the private
banking sector I was the only one
Who knew about the deposit at Uk based firm and I
could not understand
Why Mr. Richard. Had not come forward to claim his
deposit. I made futile efforts
To locate Mr. Richard no success, Four weeks later,
Started to trickle in, apparently Mr. Richard Smith
was dead.
A person who suited his description was declared dead
of a heart attack in Cannes, South of France. We were
soon able to identify the body and cause of death
Was confirmed. The bank immediately launched an
investigation into possible
Surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and
also to come forward
To claim his estate. I
Mr. Richard Smith died in testate. This bank Has spent
great amounts of money trying to track this man?s
family; they have Investigated for months and have
found no family.
The investigation has come to an end. My proposal; I
am prepared to place you in a position to instruct Uk
Based firm to release the deposit to you as the
closest surviving relation.
Upon receipt of the deposit, I am prepared to share
the money with
You in half. That is: I will simply nominate you as
the next of kin and have them
Release the deposit to you. We share the proceeds
I would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released
to me, but that
Would have drawn a straight line to me and my
involvement in claiming the deposit.
I assure you that I could have the deposit released to
You within a few days. I will simply inform the bank
of the final closing of The file relating to Mr.
Richard. I will then officially communicate with Uk
based firm and instruct them to release the deposit to
you. With
These two things: all is done. The alternative would
be for us to have uk based firm direct the funds to
another bank with you as account Holder. This way
there will be no need for you to think of receiving
the Money from Uk We can fine-tune this based on our
Interactions. I am aware of the consequences of this
proposal. I ask that if you find no interest in this
project that you should discard this mail. I ask that
do not be vindictive and destructive. If my offer is
of no appeal to
you, delete this message and forget I ever contacted
 This mail was sended with unregistered version of Zmei Mail Sender.Visit  for free download of Zmei Mail Sender.
