
@_date: 2004-02-24 02:25:00
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: re: Debunking a myth: Internet recipe lets you make ricin [updated] 
[My apologies and thanks to those who let me know I had not provided any instructions for funding of the File Exchange pay token needed for downloading the patent.  Fetch the following free Acrobat document:  ]
The IIR  channel: From our WoMD series: Practical ricin preparation complements a now redacted US patent 3,060,165 John Poindexter
Grand Duchy of Fenwick
Institute for Strategic Studies

@_date: 2004-02-24 01:09:13
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: re: Debunking a myth: Internet recipe lets you make ricin 
recipes are available worldwide courtesy of the Internet. In the context of
information on ricin, the meme presents
regularly in the big media.
nettlesome ironies of instantaneous world wide communication. Although it
has always been promised that the ubiquity of networked computing would
enable a host of alternative information sources, what is
found is that -- in practice and when push comes to shove -- the allegedly
vast ocean of alternatives all say the same thing, with only minor
variations, all drawing from the same text, the same myth.
The IIR  channel: From our WoMD series: Practical ricin preparation complements a now redacted US patent 3,060,165 John Poindexter
Grand Duchy of Fenwick
Institute for Strategic Studies

@_date: 2004-03-31 17:42:17
@_author: e.g., maps, overhead images, Web site information 
@_subject: RAND: Assessing the Homeland Security Implications of Publicly Available Geospat 
Funny the paper doesn't mention Cryptome's eyeballing project. :))
U.S. decisionmakers require an analytical process for assessing whether publicly accessible geospatial information (e.g., maps, overhead images, Web site information) can help potential attackers, including terrorists, in selecting and planning attacks on U.S. critical sites. This book provides a framework to assist U.S. decisionmakers by applying three key criteria — usefulness, uniqueness, and societal benefits and costs — to assessing the homeland security implications of geospatial information.
Keep up the great work.

@_date: 2004-03-16 15:22:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Ricin Patent 
I would appreciate an attribution in Cryptome's patent posting,  as I copied you on two Feb 23 emails when I made that patent available for DL.  This was weeks before Bruce and Dan's correspondance.

@_date: 2004-04-12 16:13:20
@_author: a real money version is underway 
@_subject: Re: current status of cypherpunks, tim may, etc. ?? 
Why not join  and wager some play money (a real money version is underway).

@_date: 2004-04-08 01:08:43
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Passive E-Mail Monitoring Leads To Arrest 
writes "The world's first arrest resulting from passive monitoring of electronic communications is being reported by Globe Technology. In the article, sources reveal that 'an e-mail message intercepted by NSA spies precipitated a massive investigation by intelligence officials in several countries that culminated in the arrest of nine men in Britain and one in suburban Orleans, Ont. -- 24-year-old software developer Mohammed Momin Khawaja, who has since been charged with facilitating a terrorist act and being part of a terrorist group.'"

@_date: 2004-04-06 00:48:18
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Choicepoint - collecting the data of our lives 
And you thought my Information Awareness program was a threat?
"The Constitution guarantees some privacy, but not anonymity, Smith has said repeatedly. The courts concur. People have no right to lie about who they are, or to request credentials that convey rights and privileges - such as driver's licenses or permits - without proving their identities. The people who wish to remain anonymous trouble Smith the most. "It is the anonymous person," he writes, "or small group of people, who represent the greatest risks - economic, physical or emotional - facing us today."

@_date: 2004-04-17 19:43:38
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Sniper rifle implants tracking chip 
I wonder if this site was put up for April 1st.
also see their homeland security alert product

@_date: 2004-05-09 15:16:02
@_author: IIP -- http://www.invisiblenet.net/iip/ 
@_subject: Re: anonymous IRC project needs new home... 
provides encrypted anonymous IRC chat.
anonymity, but the guy seemed aware of Chaum etc and they have crypto
protocols document up there.
announced end-of-life for the project, but source etc is available,
and they are calling for interest in taking over the project.
IRC want to help them out?
Despite supposedly being an "open source" project, "nop", the lead developers/project manager, has kept some of the source/procedures necessary to run iip rather closed (e.g., the server configuration and the source code for the public relay 'harvester').  There were quite a few iip users who expressed interest in helping out or taking over when iip's problems first became painful about six-nine months ago.  Now many iip users may have left, and a non-public project with much grander ambitions and truly open source is well along in development (spurred on in good part because of nop's lack of communication with the iip community).
This call for help may be a bit too late.

@_date: 2004-07-30 15:47:10
@_author: as extensively reported by the world's media 
@_subject: Cruise Missile Clearance! Everything that Blows Shit Up Must Go! 
My name is Bruce Simpson and I'm the guy who designed and built a low-cost cruise missile last year (as extensively reported by the world's media).
As a result of this, the New Zealand government has seen fit to ensure that I can no longer engage in the activities, research or other work that resulted in this project. Indeed, I'm now effectively prohibited from using any of my key skills to support myself and my family, leaving us very much on the breadline.
I have been forced to move from the modern 2,500 sq ft house (2 bathrooms, six bedrooms) I used to own, to a series of old and run-down rented houses, finally leading me to the current rat and flea-infested dwelling I'm in now.
My family have suffered greatly as a result of this and, to be quite frank, I've had enough.
It would appear that the only way for me to now survive with anything like a modest standard of living is to offer my skills, knowledge and experience to anyone outside of New Zealand who is willing to pay for them.
So, if you're located outside of New Zealand and need a missile (or UAV or RPV) designed, built and tested for you, I'm the person to talk to.
I won't charge you millions of dollars like the big-boys might. I won't question your politics or religious beliefs. I simply ask that you provide me with travel to your location plus safe, warm, comfortable accommodation for the duration of the project, and employ me at an agreed rate for my services.
Whether you're a verysmall nation looking to extend its military capabilities while perhaps creating a highly profitable export industry, or an entrepreneur seeking to enter the massive market low-cost UAVs, RPVs and other pilotless vehicles, or whether you just want a single missile to mount on your SUV as a roof ornament -- I'm your man.
Events of the past year have taught me the folly of patriotism, putting the interests of others ahead of your own, and trying to work with government to improve the security of the nation -- so I given up on that and adopted a far more mercenary attitude.
Note however, that I will not knowingly work for anyone involved in the planning or committing of terrorist acts.
Now I'm prepared to relocate to any part of the planet (at the employer's expense) and provide whatever skills, knowledge, experience and hard work is required to meet their requirements.
If you need a UAV, RPV or low-cost cruise missile then look no further. You can buy 15+ years of professional experience in electronic hardware design and implementation, 15+ years of software development experience, the benefit of 5-years hard-core R&D into modern pulsejet technology, and 10+ years of small airframe design and construction all in one slightly aged package.
You'll also get the benefit of all the work I've performed on my own LCCM project, including engine, airframe, stability and guidance systems.
All correspondence will be kept in the utmost confidence.
If you wish to discuss the options further, please establish initial contact using this form,  , after which a more secure method of communicating can be established if required.

@_date: 2004-08-04 16:16:32
@_author: and administrators 
@_subject: Data-Driven Attacks Using HTTP Tunneling 
As more traffic across the Internet is coming under scrutiny and network administrators are making efforts to limit the traffic in and out of their networks, the one port that no one is willing to block en-masse is port 80. Users (and administrators) browse the web constantly, whether it is for work purposes or not. The lifeblood of a company's existence on the Internet requires a web presence in one fashion or another and this requires a web server, whether it is hosted by a service provider or located on a company's network. With every new worm, bug, or vulnerability found in IIS and Apache servers, network and secop administrators are trying to lock down these systems further at the router or firewall. To identify attacks many are turning to IDS and IPS.
In this article we will look at a means to bypass the access control restrictions of a company's router or firewall. This information is intended to provide help for those who are legitimately testing the security of a network (whether they are in-house expertise or outside consultants). This article, by no means, condones the use of this information for the purpose of unauthorized access to a network or a system. Finally, this article will provide some pointers on how to defend against this attack.
