
@_date: 2002-03-05 14:47:38
@_author: Polk.Financial@latis.net.au 
@_subject: Wondering about a new home loan? 
Market Update
It's in the news everyday lately...interest rates are climbing again.   After going down to historic lows, in fact the lowest level seen in 40 years, they are coming back up.
While rates are still below the 20 year average, they are not expected to remain at that level much longer.  Most experts estimate that within the next 6 months rates will be back to the same levels they were at a year ago.  This means that now is the best time to take advantage of current rates before this incredible window of
opportunity closes and could be gone forever.  Recent data shows the the US economy is recovering sooner than expected, this means that rates will climb back to old levels quickly!!!!
  Waiting could cost you thousands.  Act now and take advantage of the low rates while they last.  You can even get extra money to pay off your current debts, home improvements, or even vacations!  Simply click here and fill out our simple one page application to get
started now!
"Not only is this a great time to refinance, we have the best technology to locate the most competitive home loans in the country!!!"
This technology will help you save money when shopping for a home loan
and in turn helps keep our technology in high demand among mortgage
professionals. It is a WIN-WIN for you and for us!!!
 Up to three of the best lenders in the country will contact
you and you can comparison-shop all of their loan programs,
HERE IS WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT:
Mortgage Loans for every
    credit situation
Pay off all of your current debt
The absolute best interest rates
Purchase a home with Zero down payment
No Equity, 2nd Trust Deeds, up to 135% of your home's value
Stated income
Get money for any purpose
    Customer Service
Please fill out the form at our web site: Polk Financial and receive professional help as well as the above
 Help a family member or a friend with their home loan needs
by forwarding this mail to them!
We at Polk Financial have taken every effort to ensure
that those individuals
who receive this letter have requested this information. If you received this in
error or would like to stop receiving information from us, just send a response to tinymailer101 to be removed
