
@_date: 2002-07-01 05:11:55
@_author: Windows NT 5.0; I 
@_subject: Grow ten years younger in 30 days .. Guaranteed! 
Grow biologically younger in 30 days or less!
“The most effective 
anti-aging therapy.”
Dr. Thierry Hertoghe, President
of the European Academy 
for Quality Life and Longevity
Medicine 
What if you could reverse
the effects of aging?
It's not science fiction anymore!
Here is what Pro GHR will do
for you:
Look Younger
Lose Weight
Restore Hair Growth
Reduce Wrinkles
Boost Sex Drive & Energy
Rebuild Bone & Muscle Mass
Lower Blood Pressure
Reduce Cholesterol
Regenerate Heart, Liver, Kidneys, & Lungs
Many people that start this
program between 35 to 40 years of age can  maintain
their appearance and current biological age for the next 10
to 20 years.  Persons age 50 and over
can actually reverse the effects of aging in many cases up to 10 to 20
years over a 3 to 6 month period.  Results will depend on your health,
living and eating habits and overall lifestyle. 
Now (Only
$39.99, lowest price ever!)
Pro GHR is recognized as the bridge to a much longer and healthier
life! Soon after you begin taking Pro GHR, you and others will start noticing
some profound changes in your appearance and overall health. Most importantly,
you'll feel terrific using Pro GHR.
After the age of twenty-one, your body slowly stops releasing an
important hormone known as HGH. Scientists have now discovered a relationship
between this decline of HGH in the body and aging. In fact, it is directly
responsible for many of the most common signs of growing old, such as wrinkling
of the skin, gray hair, decreased energy, and diminished sexual function. 
Fortunately, clinical evidence proves that by elevating human growth
hormone we can significantly stop -- and even reverse -- these symptoms
of aging! 
Until now, HGH therapy was a costly and even dangerous treatment,
available only to celebrities and the very wealthy. With the introduction
of Pro GHR, it is now affordable and free of any reported side-effects.
For less than a fraction of the cost, Pro GHR naturally increases HGH levels
in your body. If you are already one of our satisfied customers, congratulations!
May you live a long and healthy life with Pro GHR!
Science now recognizes aging as a disease that
can be reversed to a large degree by increasing HGH, Human Growth Hormone
to levels to where they were in your 20's. 
Human Growth Hormone (HGH) is
an endocrine hormone produced by your body abundantly in your youth and
starts falling off dramatically past age 30.  Other hormones that
decline with age are estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, melatonin and
DHEA.  Human Growth Hormone (HGH) regulates all these other hormone
levels within the body.
HGH is produced by the pituitary gland and
is responsible for all adolescent growth peaks. Produced abundantly in
our youth, human growth hormone decreases approximately 80% from ages 21
to 61. The pituitary gland can produce as much hgh in old age as in
youth if properly stimulated. We now have a product called Pro GHR
that will do the job.  By increasing hgh levels back to where they
were at age 25 you can reverse the effects of aging and actually look
and feel 10 to 20 years younger. 
HGH affects
almost every cell in the body to regenerate
skin, hair, muscle, bones, heart, lungs, liver, and kidneys to their former
youthful levels. The immune system is revitalized. Osteoporosis can be
prevented, and heart attack and stroke risk factors are diminished. Aging
can be stopped...or even reversed.
Called cosmetic surgery in a bottle, HGH
helps smooth facial wrinkles, and the hydration, elasticity, thickness
and youthful contours of the skin are regained.  The
majority of reorders are from people that say that Pro GHR does wonders
for their skin. 
HGH is a powerful aphrodisiac that
increases libido, and sexuality/potency is restored in older persons. 
As a mood elevator, most people find a youthful sense of wellness and a
zest for life restored through the use of HGH. 
Healthy sleep patterns return,
providing the deepest levels of sleep for optimum well being.
Now (Only
$39.99, lowest price ever!)
"The effects of six months
of human growth hormone on lean body mass and adipose-tissue were equivalent
in magnitude to the changes incurred during 10-20 years of aging." Daniel
Rudman, M.D., New England Journal of Medicine February 28, 2002
Doctor's Agree...
Pro GHR will change the way you look and feel!
“Hormone replacement therapy (Pro GHR) is the best
and most effective anti-aging medical therapy of the moment.”
- Dr. Thierry Hertoghe 
“In over 40 years of practicing orthomolecular medicine,
I have never seen anything that approaches the positive results seen with
Pro GHR.”
- Dr. Don E. Johnson - President
of the American Anti- Aging Society
What Customers
Are saying about
Pro GHR
Benefits of Pro GHR
Rejuvenate your body and mind 
Feel younger 
Look younger 
Lose weight
Reduce wrinkles 
Restore your sex drive 
Revitalize your Heart, Liver, Kidneys
& Lungs 
Reduce body fat and build lean muscle
WITHOUT EXERCISE! 
Lower blood pressure and improve cholesterol 
Strengthen the immune system 
Increase energy 
back your body's biological time clock
10-20 years.!
"Once I started on Pro GHR, I was at 267lbs. Now only
30-days later, I'm 30 lbs lighter. Also, I used to wake up four to five
times a night. Now I comfortably sleep solid throughout the entire night."
Robert, 48
"I now have a lot of energy in the afternoons, and
my sex drive is marvelous! I went from 106 lbs. to 102, and am hoping I
don't lose any more weight, my stomach looks flat, for 40 years old I feel
great, I still lift weights...I love this stuff."
Ruth Uhl
"I started taking Pro GHR 9 months ago, and can't believe
the results. I just can't believe it! I went from a 33 inch waist to 29
(my old high-school size) almost immediately (within 2 months). Yes, I
had to replace my clothes over this time...gladly! And that's just for
starters. My graying hair is now dark brown like before, and the energy
I have allowed me to take up snow-boarding this season, eventually mastering
the expert terrain and the terrain parks -- and I'm pushing 41!"
But the best part was this spring when I beat a 29
year old tri-athlete to the summit of a nearny mountain and he just had
to ask 'how old are you anyway?' I said 'guess!'. He replied '28'. I said
'no, try again bub!'. '27' he said. He, he, he...I said 'close enough'.
Did I say the best part? I'm mistaken...the best part
is the considerable and very serious attention I've been getting from girls
10 to 16 years younger than me:) Thanks very, very much for a miracle product
that really works."
Jian, Off the Internet
"Hello. I am a personal shopper (part-time) and spend
a considerable amount of time dealing with many customer service representative
from many companies. I must say that I have found yours to be OUTSTANDING!!
No long waits to speak with someone, and when I do, they seem to actually
know what business they're in! Every time I have called, problems are resolved
quickly. Thanks so much! I really appreciate it!!"
Kathy Zelaya
"After taking Pro GHR, my arthritis pain in my wrist,
knee, and foot has been eliminated. Just reaching for a cup of coffee was
painful in my right hand. This is no longer a problem. Also my sleep is
better than ever."
Betty, SC
Now (Only
$39.99, lowest price ever!)
What are the effects of Pro GHR?
HGH speeds up the metabolism and can lead
to a reduction in the size of the abdomen, hips, waist and thighs, while
increasing muscle mass.  After six months of elevating HGH levels,
without exercise, and 8.8% increase in muscle mass and 14.4% loss of body
fat are reported on the average.
HGH is a powerful aphrodisiac
that increases
libido and sexuality. Potency-is restored in persons over 40.
Healthy sleep patterns return, providing
the deepest level of sleep for optimum well being.  The scientific
community now recognizes that increasing the level of HGH lessens wrinkles
and improves hydration, elasticity, thickness and the youthful contours
of the skin.
Want to feel 10 years younger in just 30 days?
The best time to start the
Pro GHR program is now, because
the reality is you're not getting any younger.  Ideally, if you began
this program between 38 to 40 years of age, you could maintain your appearance
and current biological age for the next 10 to 20 years.
The following month-by-month
result information is from "Feeling Younger with Homeopathic HGH; The Leading
Edge for Anti-Aging" by Dr. H.A. Davis Ph. D.
= Top 7 Most Wanted in This Site's Survey 
Month 1 ~~~~
Improved stamina 
Vivid dreams
Better and sounder sleep
More refreshed upon awakening
More optimistic attitude
Increase in energy (some report they "feel
16 again") 
Better sense of humor 
Month 2 ~~~~
Improved muscle tone
Enhanced sexual function 
Improvement in nail growth
Improvement to skin tone
Better digestion
Increase in strength 
Weight loss 
Better eyesight, including night vision 
Month 3 ~~~~
Prior results heightened; some results are exceptional.
Mental processes improve, including desire to
do and complete projects
Muscle size increases, especially if the
individual works out 
Faster recovery for wounds and muscle soreness
Hair growth 
Reduction in PMS symptoms
Increase in sexual desire 
Greater body flexibility
Less pain Alleviation of some menopausal symptoms
Improved nail growth (sign of protein, nutrient
assimilation.) 
Month 4 ~~~~
Generally, most prior improvements are heightened
and more consistent. Please note, at times the body may shift into "neutral"
and some results seem to diminish or vanish. Your body may be using GH
to rebuild tissue or, to a degree, be resting. Tests indicate that, after
a while, you should see a resumption of the benefits and even some vast
improvements. 
Month 5 ~~~~
Improvement to skin, texture and appearance
(including skin discoloration)
Thickening of skin and greater elasticity
Reduction of the appearance of wrinkles
Thickening of hair with a shiny and healthy
Impressive weight loss and reduction of inches,
since fat is reduced and muscle tissue is increased and toned 
Month 6 ~~~~
Prior improvements generally heightened, with
more consistent results. This is the exciting stage!
Cellulite greatly diminishes
Body is much more contoured
Eyesight greatly improved
Better emotional stability
Stronger resistance to colds, flu and other illnesses
Some pain and soreness disappear
Old wounds have healed or are healing
Excellent exercise tolerance
Grayed hair begins to return to natural color 
Medical tests show a reduction in cholesterol (LDL) and triglycerides,
blood pressure normalizes, heart rate improves,
some conditions due to disease vanish or are diminished, and immune system
improves 
"Hormone replacement therapy is
the best and most effective anti-aging medical therapy of this moment."
Thierry Hertoghe, President of the European Academy of Quality of Life
and Longevity Medicine
If you are concerned with aging, and the problems associated
with it, I urge you to give this product a try. Don't be fooled by imitators.
This is Doctor Johnson's original formula, and others just aren't as effective.
Order now and begin a program of HGH that will make you
feel 10-20 years younger in just a few months.  Why wait?  It's
not quite the fountain of youth, but it's the next best thing :-)
Order Now with a Visa or Mastercard from our secure server
by clicking on the link below.  At $39.99 per bottle, you will not
find a lower price on the Internet ... Guaranteed!  Order two bottles
and get free shipping.  Order three bottles and get free shipping
plus the fourth bottle FREE!
Now 
At $39.99 you will not find a lower price anywhere .. so order today!
Our FIVE STAR customer service team will ship your Pro GHR right away!
If you have difficulty accessing our website, please try using the link
below instead:
Order Page
Dosage & Directions: As a dietary supplement,
take 4 capsules with 6-8 oz. of water. for best results take at bedtime
(3) hours after evening meal on an empty stomach. Take for (5) days and
skip (2) days. For optimal effectiveness take as directed for (3) consecutive
months. Serving size is 4 capsules.
Our company is strictly opposed to unsolicited email.  To be removed
from this mailing list,
please send a request to "mar6 with the word "remove" in
the subject line.
