
@_date: 2004-12-24 14:20:41
@_author: "Princess Ogwu" 
@_subject: Urgent 
Dear sir/Madam
Good day and Compliments,
I am Prncess Ogwu writing this letter in confidence
believing that if it is the wish of God for you to help me
and my family, God almighty will bless and reward you
abundantly. My family and I are true Christians and
worship's God truthfully. I got your contact through
Internet during my research on some one who could help us.
I am a female student from University of Lagos, Nigeria. I
am 22 yrs old. I would like to build up a solid foundation
with you in time coming if you can be able to help me in
this transaction.
Well, my father died earlier two months ago and left my
mother I and my junior brother behind. He was a king, which
our town citizens titled him before his death.
 I was a Princess to him and I and my brother are the only
people who can take Care of his wealth now because my
mother is not literate enough to know all my father's
wealth he left behind.
He left up to US$11, 500, 000.00 with a security company,
and I don't know how and what I will do to invest this
money somewhere in abroad, so that my father's kindred will
not take over what belongs to my father and our family,
which they were planning to do without my consent because I
am a female as stated by our culture in the town. That is
why I felt happy when I saw your contact which I strongly
believe that by the grace of God, you will help me secure
and invest this money.
 I hereby need your help in bringing the box contaning the
money out from the security company, based on your reply I
will furnish you with more details on how we can proceed.
I am ready to pay 10% of the total amount to you if you
help us in securing this money and another 10% interest of
Annual Income to you, for handling this business for us,
which you will strongly have absolute control over.
If you can handle this project sincerely and also willing
to assist me in lifting this fund, kindly reach me and I
will let you know the next step to take towards actualizing
this transaction as quickly as possible.
Please, note that this transaction is 100% risk free. You
are please advise to send you mail to me through this mail
box if you are interested in this transaction I look
forward to hearing from you soonest.
Yours sincerely,
Princess Ogwu
Bug-hurd mailing list
