
@_date: 2002-02-28 17:01:46
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The Daily Pick.(nosebleeds) KALEVALA DAY. 
Appointment today to see Dr P.He promised to write to the Victorian police on my behalf."I shall just be gone a little while..."
                 stalks the fields; barbed wire casts a
                 shadow.
                        — Jane Cooper, "Hunger Moon'
Daily Bleed web page in full,
LINUS PAULING
Chemist, geneticist, anti-nuclear & anti-war activist.
Finland: Kalevalan päivä -- KALEVALA DAY,
commemorating the first printing of the ancient
national epic, in 1835, compiled by Elias Lönnrot.
1533 -- French essayist Michel de Montaigne lives.
French courtier & author of Essaies, which established a
new literary form. In 1588 he was arrested in Paris & spent
a few hours in Bastille.
See Kenneth Rexroth's essay on Montaigne in his
Classics Revisited.
1574 -- First New World victims of Spanish Inquisition
burned at the stake.
                  Moe to Curley: "How would you like to die,
                  burnt at the stake or your head chopped off?"
                 Curley: "I'd rather have steak than cold cuts."
1861 -- Antoine Cyvoct lives (1861-1930). French anarchist,
Lyons militant. Wrongly accused of being the author of the
bombing of the Bellecour Theatre restaurant in Lyon on
October 22, 1882.
1877 -- U.S. Government, thief, seizes Black Hills from Lakota
Sioux in violation of treaty.
1886 -- Painter & writer, José Solana Gutiérrez lives, in Madrid,
1887 -- France: The anarchist burglar & member of the "Panthers
of Batignolles", Clément Duval, has his death sentence
commuted to life by the President of the  Republic.
                 "Theft exists only through the exploitation of man
                 by man...when Society refuses you the right to exist,
                 you must take it...
                 the policeman arrested me in the name of the Law,
                 I struck him in the name of Liberty..."
Duval attempted escape 20 times, & after finally succeeding,
reached New York, where he lived until age 85, surrounded
by Italian anarchist comrades.
See his book, Moi, Clément Duval, bagnard et anarchiste
(Introduction by Marianne Enckell; Les Editions ouvrières,
Paris, 1991)
1893 -- Ben Hecht lives. American screenwriter, director,
producer, playwright, novelist lives. Authored 35 books &
created some of the most entertaining screenplays or plays,
among them The Front Page (filmed as His Girl Friday),
Underworld, The Scoundrel, Some Like It Hot, Viva Villa!
1901 -- American chemist, geneticist activist Linus Pauling
lives for vitamin C, Portland, Oregon. Double Nobel Prize
winner &, when he came up with an alternative cure for
cancer, 'madman' & 'quack'
        "Young people should always listen to their elders,
        but not necessarily believe what they say."
1913 -- Andre Soudy (1892-1913), French anarchist illegalist,
member of the Bonnot Gang, is sentenced to death.
See Doug Imrie's article, "The Illegalists", & background
material on the Bonnot Gang, online,
1921 -- Russia: Kronstadt Revolt. It is here Trotsky utters his
famous line,
          "Shoot them down like partridges."
...it shocked the intelligent & honest minds of Europe
& America into a critical examination of Bolshevik theories &
practices. It exploded the Bolshevik myth of the Communist
State being the "Workers' & Peasants' Government."
       — Alexander Berkman, The Kronstadt Rebellion (Berlin:
            Der Syndikalist, 1922), pp. 41-42.
      Poet Kenneth Rexroth (“From the Paris
      Commune to the Kronstadt Rebellion”), was one
      of those few Americans who, for example, saw
      through Bolshevik pretenses as early as 1921,
      when Trotsky & Lenin crushed the libertarian
      revolt of the Kronstadt soviet.
     While clearly opposing all forms of
     “Communism” he did not, like so many others of
     his generation, react into supporting Western
     capitalism or becoming a "Cold War Warrior".
     The Kronstadt Revolt was a topic at meetings
     he helped organize with the San Francisco
     Anarchist Circle in the 1940s.
                     I am far better aware of
                     The evils of Stalinism
                     Than you are, you ex-Trotskyite
                     Warmonger. But it won’t get you
                     Anywhere to tell me I should
                     Welcome the beast who devours me
                     Just because a bigger lion
                     Is eating somebody else on
                     The other side of the arena.
1937 -- England: 1,000 rally against war, Hyde Park, London.
1937 -- England: With novelist Ethel Mannin, Emma Goldman
speaks  in Bristol on the Revolution in Spain.
1939 -- John Fahey (1939-2001), eccentric folk guitarist
heralded as a unique alchemist of American roots music & a
powerful influence on his peers, lives.
          I was about thirteen & I saw
          some other guys, older than me,
          they were meeting girls in the
          park in the summer by taking
          guitars out & playing them... I
          didn’t meet any girls that way
          until about 10 years later. On the
          other hand I did learn how to
          play the guitar.
In 1957, he heard a Blind Willie Johnson song that
mesmerized him & he began combing the south for
old blues recordings that would shape his musical
mindset. His own foray into recording would
become an instant rarity -- famously, only 95 copies
were made of his first album, "Blind Joe Death," in
1941 -- Happy birthday Alice Brock. Who is Alice Brock?
You know the song "Alice's
Restaurant" by Arlo Guthrie? Oh, that Alice!
                 "What the hell are all these freaking forks
                 doing on the forking floor?!" --- Mrs. G.
                                  1958 -- England: Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament
(CND) founded in London.
1959 -- The playwright most known for his verse tragedy,
Maxwell Anderson dies in  Stamford, Connecticut. His
tragedy Winterset (1935), a poetic drama inspired by the
Sacco & Vanzetti anarchist case is his most famous, but
Anderson also wrote musicals, such as Knickerbocker
Holiday (1938) & Lost in the Stars (1949).
1970 -- Jefferson Airplane is fined $1,000 for singing
the "F word" in an Oklahoma City concert.

@_date: 2002-02-28 13:31:44
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: You're Fucking Around With Us? - Not For Long! 
Somewhere in this SIT classic is a documented description of the body of the king (circa Louis 16) Its quite detailed,the kings person is sacred,no one is to disturb the royal presence and so on.At the end Raoul declares that France now has X million Louis 16's!
In other words our personal space is worthy of respect,equal respect as the highest in the land.This is why I have a slight problem with the idea of a caste of 'protected persons'.Giving one class of people special powers and/or privilege
in a  democracy is dangerous.I would argue that it sets undemocratic forces in motion.In the context of the amerikkkan empire it looks a lot like decadence.Decadence in the sense of putrefaction and corruption.
What happened to one unfortunate who approached to close to the king is described in the Tome,"Europe"
What is happening to an unfortunate individual in alleged possession of the "burning bush" note seems the modern equivalent.
This is why I sign as 'killthepresident' sometimes.I exercise my civil and human right to free speech and my profound disapproval of a grossly undemocratic decadent SITuation.Death to all elites and alpha males.

@_date: 2002-02-28 13:10:55
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Yellow journalism from declan McCatohead. 
>>There are those people who seek out trouble. Still others accidentally attract it. And then there are those who have devoted their lives<<
1 'year of living dangerously' is NOT a life,mate.I've spent decades taking drugs and sleeping around,Lotus eating.Bad start.
  >>to stalking trouble, running it to ground, sneaking up behind it, thwapping it on the nose, proclaiming that its mother wears combat boots, and daring it to an impromptu match of fisticuffs.<<
It aint me babe,I've had about 3 fights in my life.(2 KO's 1 TKO) I'm heavily into violence minimization.APster style.
  >>Afterward they lie, nose-bloodied and battered, on the ground and grumble. (In a grudge match, trouble always wins.)<<
Get out your mats and pray to the CATO Institute?You cant beat the Combine? If you don't have a go,you'll never never know.We cant all be pragmatic cowards,declan,and sometimes David beats Goliath.
 >>Matt Stephen Taylor (who goes by "proffr" and "mattd") is one of those people. <<
Well actually I'm not and I feel I'm being misrepresented by a tool of the crap corporate media.
 >>If awards were given for Most Innovative Way to Taunt Police, this self-described anarchist would be a gold medalist<<
Send money,e-dinars,LETS to 6/59 baynton st,Kyneton.Vic.3444.
 >> in the category of performance art. For the last few months, as far as I can tell, he's done little but tempt trouble:
Trouble came and went when mattd/proffr, who lives in central Victoria, Australia, taunted the Cincinnati police. He allegedly posted threats against Steven Roach, the policeman whose shooting of an unarmed black man led to riots in Cincinnati.<<
Trouble has significance for one of my heros,"bommi Baumann's book,"Wie Alles Anfing" is good on that.I agree with the ALF and ELF that this planet is in a shitload of Trouble.The police aren't helping much.
I helped make michael K Allen and his e-security flunky and process server look the biggest fools since the keystone cops.That's no trouble...that's ergonomic activism.I also had a go at the depraved corruption of the FBI.I broke no laws.
This is ergonomic activism.Its a damn shame the OVIMC was hacked and is still offline.
 >>But the Australian cops nabbed proffr/mattd first, and proffr/mattd pled guilty to vandalizing a McDonald's restaurant.<<
I should not have done that (pled guilty)as I was to drunk to form intent.Photo's taken by the local arm of the police,the herald sun,(Scum)a Murdoch rag were handed to police by the truckload.Like the media under Milosovic,they risk the same wrath of the people lied to.I am proud to be (however loosely) associated with Jose Bove and many other's disgusted with the Mc murderers,McLies and Mc Swill.
 >>While the legal process is going forward,<<
Police steal notebook,take 8 months to Interview about 2 posts,still no charges.It will be 9 months on march 1.
Justice delayed is justice denied.This is looking less like "legal process" every day.Abuse of Power?
  >>mattd/proffr has amused himself by subscribing to the cypherpunks list,<<
Funny I don't recall doing that,is there some proof of that declan? I amuse myself with subs to RSA , Politech and the daily bleed.Perhaps the Victorian police have used my stolen laptop to subscribe to the C/punks list?I'm on record as describing the Cypherpunks list as a surveilled strip   >>a place not known for people who are readily offended. <<
Seth F easily offended you and Tim 'mongo' May not that long ago.There are a few pussies stinking up that place.
 >>Yet his unique combination of rants and inchoate posts (my filters have snared about 780 of them) has driven subscribers to invent custom procmail recipies to complain about off-topic messages. One message that went to his Internet provider was a little whiny <<
This Politech post is not (!)
 >>by list standards, but captured the sentiment well:
"To: support // Subject: Re: Youth in Asia // Someone who appears to be posting from a nex.net.au address  keeps posting large volumes of spam, obcenity, death threats to random people, mail bombs, and so forth to our mailing list. He keeps changing his apparent address, so
we have difficulty filtering him out. His postings were originally merely excessive and of doubtful relevance, but have become more and more hostile and harassing."<<
This is from the liars liar jamesd.It puts me in with spanish anarchists,Chompsky+Ted Turner as people lied about by jamesd.I am quite proud to be lied about by this guy,he's a usenet legend.ITs very telling,(and worrying) that declan quote someone like jamesd in this way.It should be noted and filed.You lie down with dogs...
 >>mattd/proffr appears to have subscribed to the cypherpunks list<<
There you go again! Where is your evidence that I EVER subscribed to this list? Put it up or shut up.
  >>to carry on the dubious mission of Jim Bell, <<
  Who's in Lompoc and cant defend himself.Your a low coward declan.
 >>the author of the long-winded<<
Nowt to do with this hatchet job.Eh!
 >>anarcho screed Assassination Politics. Bell wrote how the next generation of Internet entrepreneurs will use digital cash, anonymous remailers, and such to off miscreant federal agents (Bell especially didn't care for tax collectors):
Bell, of course, was convicted last year by a Washington state jury and is serving 10 years in the Lompoc federal prison. Bell was another dedicated trouble-hunter, <<
Another low blow,Jim possibly was deserving of a restraining order and time served.Not 10 motherfucking years.Another slur on someone unable to defend themselves,way to go shitheel.
 >>as was Carl Johnson, a cypherpunk who was convicted of threats but is now out of gaol, at least temporarily (his probation officer apparently told him not to seek trouble by continuing to participate in list discussions): <<
Peter Trei helped by carelessness or more sinister motives (he works for RSA that supply the chinese gestapo.) outed a post relating to CJ thus possibly assisting in his repression.Some of my posts to the C/list question that incident.No response so far.We are getting a clearer picture of declans idea of 'trouble'.
 >>Although Bell technically was convicted for allegedly stalking federal agents, his essay and political views became a big part of his trial:
Essay's,political views,writings,posts,000's and 111's.This seems to be declan's and the P.I.Gs idea of 'trouble'.He seems scared of another subpoena! Time to quit while your ahead dec,let a reporter with some guts in.
 >>Now mattd/proffr seems to want to follow the Bell-Johnson precedent by emailing semi-random rants and Assassination Politics-related references to the cypherpunks list, and, I presume, just about everywhere else.<<
And declan looks like he wants to help the Persons Impersonating Govt servants to gag me.He presume's too much.
  >>Here's a representative excerpt from one of his posts:
Youth In Asia Society: At our last monthly meeting, we discussed all of the
reasons there are not to KILL THE PRESIDENT. We think it is our duty to
inform people of our objection to those who believe it is necessary to KILL
THE PRESIDENT. We also object to people who are constantly running around,
shouting, incessantly, "KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE
PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL
THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!
KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!"
It's a lot longer, but you get the idea.<<
This is quite funny,I wrote about data mining the archive's for a 'best of' list.In the context of being attacked by procmail,one of the posts I selected from 97-9or10 was posted to C/punks.There does appear to be some material in the C/punk archives that could be used to attack list members.One by declan calls for self-censorship.(from 97) On another occasion declan prints a story damaging to a list member in Wired.(measl)Then there's his attack on Seth.I'm still turning up fascinating posts from list hirstory.Should the authorities and their stooges succeed in garroting me.Ill start on a book.(See archives 97-10 for the original post,its old and was reproduced exactly as written by anon,nowt added)
 >>This style of posting seems to have raised some eyebrows inside the Australian constabulary,<<
So posts from 1997 retain their power.I like quite a few of Jims from 96.Well worth a look.
  >>not to mention leading to a raid, a laptop seizure,<<
I've been questioned about 2 posts rather different from the old archived post.Both were made prior to June 2,01 and are available by request.I'll be passing them to the au EFA soon.They seem mild by C/punk list standards.
I've made no admissions re these posts though I do admit the OVIMC one.I know 1 post can get you 4 years in the LaoGai but au and the US have free speech,right?"Many of the messages posted to cypherpunks over the years have violated copyright, federal laws, and societal mores."archived.
  and an interrogation or two. Read in mattd/proffr's own words below how he hasn't given up on tempting trouble.
It never hurts to check your sources and if you no longer want to risk 'trouble' you don't want your job.
"Free speech I may tersely define as ,no opinion a law,no opinion a accidentally attract it. And then there are those who have devoted their
1 'year of living dangerously' is NOT a life,mate.I've spent decades
taking drugs and sleeping around,Lotus eating.Bad start.
 >>to stalking trouble, running it to ground, sneaking up
behind it, thwapping it on the nose, proclaiming that its mother wears
combat boots, and daring it to an impromptu match of
It aint me babe,I've had about 3 fights in my life.(2 KO's 1 TKO) I'm
heavily into violence minimization.APster style.
 >>Afterward they lie, nose-bloodied and battered, on the
ground and grumble. (In a grudge match, trouble always
Get out your mats and pray to the CATO Institute?You cant beat the
Combine? If you don't have a go,you'll never never know.We cant all be
pragmatic cowards,declan,and sometimes David beats Goliath.
"mattd") is one of those people. <<
Well actually I'm not and I feel I'm being misrepresented by a tool of
the crap corporate media.
this self-described anarchist would be a gold medalist<<
Send money,e-dinars,LETS to 6/59 baynton st,Kyneton.Vic.3444.
far as I can tell, he's done little but tempt trouble: Trouble came and went when mattd/proffr, who lives in
central Victoria, Australia, taunted the Cincinnati police. He allegedly
posted threats against Steven Roach, the policeman whose shooting of an
unarmed black man led to riots in Cincinnati.<<
Trouble has significance for one of my heros,"bommi Baumann's
book,"Wie Alles Anfing" is good on that.I agree with the ALF
and ELF that this planet is in a shitload of Trouble.The police aren't
helping much.
I helped make michael K Allen and his e-security flunky and process
server look the biggest fools since the keystone cops.That's no
trouble...that's ergonomic activism.I also had a go at the depraved
corruption of the FBI.I broke no laws.
This is ergonomic activism.Its a damn shame the OVIMC was hacked and is
still offline.
proffr/mattd pled guilty to vandalizing a McDonald's
I should not have done that (pled guilty)as I was to drunk to form
intent.Photo's taken by the local arm of the police,the herald
sun,(Scum)a Murdoch rag were handed to police by the truckload.Like the
media under Milosovic,they risk the same wrath of the people lied to.I am
proud to be (however loosely) associated with Jose Bove and many other's
disgusted with the Mc murderers,McLies and Mc Swill.
Police steal notebook,take 8 months to Interview about 2 posts,still no
charges.It will be 9 months on march 1.
Justice delayed is justice denied.This is looking less like "legal
process" every day.Abuse of Power?
 >>mattd/proffr has amused himself by subscribing to the
cypherpunks list,<<
Funny I don't recall doing that,is there some proof of that declan? I
amuse myself with subs to RSA , Politech and the daily bleed.Perhaps the
Victorian police have used my stolen laptop to subscribe to the C/punks
list?I'm on record as describing the Cypherpunks list as a surveilled
strip mall.
 >>a place not known for people who are readily offended.
Seth F easily offended you and Tim 'mongo' May not that long ago.There
are a few pussies stinking up that place.
filters have snared about 780 of them) has driven subscribers to invent
custom procmail recipies to complain about off-topic messages. One
message that went to his Internet provider was a little whiny
This Politech post is not (!)
"To: support // Subject: Re: Youth in Asia // Someone who
appears to be posting from a nex.net.au address <profrv
keeps posting large volumes of spam, obcenity, death threats to random
people, mail bombs, and so forth to our mailing list. He keeps changing
his apparent address, so we have difficulty filtering him out. His postings were originally merely
excessive and of doubtful relevance, but have become more and more
hostile and harassing."<<
This is from the liars liar jamesd.It puts me in with spanish
anarchists,Chompsky+Ted Turner as people lied about by jamesd.I am quite
proud to be lied about by this guy,he's a usenet legend.ITs very
telling,(and worrying) that declan quote someone like jamesd in this
way.It should be noted and filed.You lie down with dogs...
There you go again! Where is your evidence that I EVER subscribed to this
list? Put it up or shut up.
 >>to carry on the dubious mission of Jim Bell, <<
 Who's in Lompoc and cant defend himself.Your a low coward
Nowt to do with this hatchet job.Eh!
generation of Internet entrepreneurs will use digital cash, anonymous
remailers, and such to off miscreant federal agents (Bell especially
didn't care for tax collectors): Bell, of course, was convicted last year by a Washington
state jury and is serving 10 years in the Lompoc federal prison. Bell was
another dedicated trouble-hunter, <<
Another low blow,Jim possibly was deserving of a restraining order and
time served.Not 10 motherfucking years.Another slur on someone unable to
defend themselves,way to go shitheel.
but is now out of gaol, at least temporarily (his probation officer
apparently told him not to seek trouble by continuing to participate in
list discussions): <<
Peter Trei helped by carelessness or more sinister motives (he
works for RSA that supply the chinese gestapo.) outed a post relating to
CJ thus possibly assisting in his repression.Some of my posts to the
C/list question that incident.No response so far.We are getting a clearer
picture of declans idea of 'trouble'.
federal agents, his essay and political views became a big part of his
trial: Essay's,political views,writings,posts,000's and 111's.This
seems to be declan's and the P.I.Gs idea of 'trouble'.He seems scared of
another subpoena! Time to quit while your ahead dec,let a reporter with
some guts in.
precedent by emailing semi-random rants and Assassination
Politics-related references to the cypherpunks list, and, I presume, just
about everywhere else.<<
And declan looks like he wants to help the Persons Impersonating Govt
servants to gag me.He presume's too much.
 >>Here's a representative excerpt from one of his posts:
Youth In Asia Society: At our last monthly meeting, we discussed all of
the reasons there are not to KILL THE PRESIDENT. We think it is our duty to
inform people of our objection to those who believe it is necessary to
KILL THE PRESIDENT. We also object to people who are constantly running
around, shouting, incessantly, "KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL
THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!
KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE
PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!"
It's a lot longer, but you get the idea.<<
This is quite funny,I wrote about data mining the archive's for a 'best
of' list.In the context of being attacked by procmail,one of the posts I
selected from 97-9or10 was posted to C/punks.There does appear to be some
material in the C/punk archives that could be used to attack list
members.One by declan calls for self-censorship.(from 97) On another
occasion declan prints a story damaging to a list member in
Wired.(measl)Then there's his attack on Seth.I'm still turning up
fascinating posts from list hirstory.Should the authorities and their
stooges succeed in garroting me.Ill start on a book.(See archives 97-10
for the original post,its old and was reproduced exactly as written by
anon,nowt added)
the Australian constabulary,<<
So posts from 1997 retain their power.I like quite a few of Jims from
96.Well worth a look.
 >>not to mention leading to a raid, a laptop
I've been questioned about 2 posts rather different from the old archived
post.Both were made prior to June 2,01 and are available by request.I'll
be passing them to the au EFA soon.They seem mild by C/punk list
I've made no admissions re these posts though I do admit the OVIMC one.I
know 1 post can get you 4 years in the LaoGai but au and the US have free
speech,right?"Many of the messages posted to cypherpunks over the
years have violated copyright, federal laws, and societal
 and an interrogation or two. Read in mattd/proffr's own words below
how he hasn't given up on tempting trouble.
It never hurts to check your sources and if you no longer want to risk
'trouble' you don't want your job.
"Free speech I may tersely define as ,no opinion a law,no opinion a

@_date: 2002-02-28 12:06:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Measl,matt attacked by feral reporter. 
> >Is there any reason (besides trying to evade killfiles) that you keep >changing your email identity?
That he keeps losing his ISP account due to people like you whinging about him occurs to me. >Fuckhead. Headfuck. <<
Now now...there's no need for that.I lost an account and as they stopped talking to me when I asked them why I have asked the Ombudsman's office to ask them why.When I get a response I'll let you know if you like.
I went on to bigpond as I had their CD handy,they are run by a shady,corrupt cartel called Telstra and I couldn't afford their shakedown I then moved to my present ISP.The thought of evading killfiles never occurred to me.(and why should it?)
I've learned about killfiles from when I was 1st attacked about a month ago.Thank you to my teachers.(I'd thank you personally but...)
Recently I've learned a bit about remailers,thanks again to my instructors.(you know who you are.)
I don't feel quite so antagonistic toward measl as I once did as we now share the dubious pleasure of being attacked by declan.Everone here may rest assured that trying to evade killfiles is not something I give the slightest consideration of.
If you want to see less of me here,consider writing to me direct.I aim to I just want loose shoes, tight pussy, and a warm place to shit. "On the Internet no one knows you're a nigger." archive's

@_date: 2002-02-28 04:17:10
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: From the editor of "Combat" 
"...ironically, perhaps, the best organised dissenters in the world today are anarchists, who are busily undermining capitalism while the rest of the left is still trying to form committees." -- Jeremy Hardy, The Guardian (UK)

@_date: 2002-02-28 04:01:30
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Attacks on Anarchists in au. 
Federal Police harrass E-Journalist.
by profrv 12:31pm Thu Feb 28 '02
Interviews with a shrink are rare when your on the disability support,I had one about every 20 years...till recently.
I had one a couple of weeks ago where my Dr agreed to write to the Victorian police about a notebook computer seized by them.I had explained to my Dr that the police taking eight months to even interview me,(still not charge me)was stressful and he seemed to agree.
Today my case worker called by to tell me another interview had been arranged for tomorrow.(fri.)As this is extremely unusual I inquired as to the reason.He informs me that a Federal policeman,one David Hall had been in touch with them in regard to alleged internet E-journalism by me.
David Hall and another fed along with an "observer" and a US SS agent,rick Walkinshaw accompanied the 5 Victorian plod that raided me last june and stole my notepad.
Seeing as Dave already knows where I live,maybe he could save the taxpayers some money and call me direct next time?
I'll tell him directly now what I plan to tell my Psychiatrist tomorrow that he and and his drunk mate and all the spooks and spies can go and GET Also when he's finished to get on to the lazy,lying thieving victorian filth to either return my notebook or give me what I really want,a chance to make total fools of them in a court of law.FUCK the POLICE!
He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself. - --Thomas Paine    melbourne.au
New indymedia station

@_date: 2002-02-27 20:23:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Where the fuck is Tony Robbins when you need him? 
It was meant to build confidence, but 30 managers of the KFC fast food restaurant were left nursing sore feet after a firewalk did not go as planned.
Twenty people were taken to Hunter Valley hospitals, seven with deep burns to their feet and 13 with less serious injuries, after the bonding exercise went wrong. Ten others were treated by the 11 ambulance crews called to scene just after 2pm.
Among those taken to hospital was KFC's Australian chief, Roger Eaton..
The accident took place on the last day of a motivational conference for 180 NSW KFC bosses at the Horizons golf resort at Salamander Bay, Port The firewalking exercise, which is undertaken by many companies, was one of the last of the program, and was supposed to build confidence in the managers. It was voluntary.
Angus Armstrong, a legal spokesman for Tricon Restaurant Australia, which runs the KFC franchise in Australia, said last night that the firm regarded the safety of its staff above all, and was at a loss to explain what went Both Tricon and WorkCover have begun investigations into the incident.
Mr Armstrong said an independent company conducted the firewalking exercise and KFC had used it twice before without incident.
He said the seven people taken to John Hunter Hospital, among them Mr Eaton, were initially feared to have serious burns, but their burns had been found not to be so severe.
"We have been told that they will be released overnight. We are very pleased to hear that they are not as severe," he said.
Mr Armstrong said it was "totally unacceptable" that anyone should get hurt, adding that Tricon Restaurants "will be reviewing the types of exercises" it conducts at future conferences.
Horizons' marketing manager, Lisa Taylor, declined yesterday to name the company which organised the fire-walking activity.
She said the resort hosted various corporate groups for motivational seminars but Horizon had nothing to do with the programs.
"[It was] a private company taking part in a motivational team-building exercise run by a professional third party," she said.FROM
PJ O'Rourke said something memorable about the colonel,you might find

@_date: 2002-02-27 19:36:39
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: BOYCOTT DELL,send DELL to HELL! 
IBM 15.8%
Toshiba 15.5%
Compaq 11.5%
Sony 5.7%
Hewlett Packard 5.1%
Apple 4.3%
Fujitsu Siemens 4.0%
Acer 1.4%
Gateway 1.1%
KDS 0.3%
Micron 0.3%
NEC 0.3%
Sceptre 0.3%
Tiny 0.3%
Others 12.9%
 From new Vulture's over amerikka

@_date: 2002-02-27 18:59:34
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Mysogynist travel agents recomend Algeria. 
Algeria: Where women are targets. "From the summer of 2001, women were no longer simply 'collateral damage' in a war fought between men; they became targets of indescribable ferocity simply because they were women." By Daikha Dridi.
I love women...its faustine and aimee I cant stand.
Algeria: Where women are targets. "From the summer of 2001, women
were no longer simply 'collateral damage' in a war fought between
men; they became targets of indescribable
ferocity simply because they were women." By Daikha
I love women...its faustine and aimee I cant stand.

@_date: 2002-02-27 18:44:20
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Berlusconi must die.Live plot online to Kill the Swine. 
Italy: Genoa police raid Indymedia. Acting on a warrant from Genoa public prosecutors, police and paramilitary units raided the offices of Indymedia in Florence, Turin and Bologna, as well as a Cobas trade union building in Taranto, Sicily, as part of a nationwide operation linked to events at the G8 summit in July in Genoa.
Genoa public prosecutors Andrea Canciani and Anna Canepa ordered the seizure of audio, photograph and video material collected by the network covering the July protests in Genoa. The 20 Februray raids targeted the Gabrio social centre in Turin, the Teatro polivalente occupato (TPO) in Bologna and Cecco Rivolta social centre in Florence, as well as Cobas offices in Taranto.
Indymedia Italy labelled the searches as "an attack against freedom of information", and explained that "Indymedia has no offices, but works through the thousands of people who contribute to the website ... to produce a free and independent information". Furthermore, they stressed that the material sought by investigators was "all freely available on our Indymedia Italy website. Statewatch report on the raids.
SEE ALSO
Plot to kill the new mussolini live online,contribute a few e-lira!
Italy: Genoa police raid Indymedia. Acting on a warrant from Genoa public
prosecutors, police and paramilitary units raided the offices of
Indymedia in Florence, Turin and Bologna, as well as a Cobas trade union
building in Taranto, Sicily, as part of a nationwide operation linked to
events at the G8 summit in July in Genoa.
Genoa public prosecutors Andrea Canciani and Anna Canepa ordered the
seizure of audio, photograph and video material collected by the network
covering the July protests in Genoa. The 20 Februray raids targeted the
Gabrio social centre in Turin, the Teatro polivalente occupato (TPO) in
Bologna and Cecco Rivolta social centre in Florence, as well as Cobas
offices in Taranto. Indymedia Italy labelled the searches as "an attack against freedom
of information", and explained that "Indymedia has no offices,
but works through the thousands of people who contribute to the website
... to produce a free and independent information". Furthermore,
they stressed that the material sought by investigators was "all
freely available on our website".
Indymedia Italy website. Statewatch
report on the raids.
SEE ALSO
Plot to kill the new mussolini live online,contribute a few

@_date: 2002-02-27 18:30:48
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Beyond Encryption: Stealth Technology for PCs.RSA's days 
The future of computer security
"Invisible Means Invulnerable" Introducing PHANTOM TOTAL SECURITY:
A Breakthrough Computer Security Technology Bound To Become A Standard
Gianus Technologies, Inc., a New York company, has officially unveiled
Phantom Total Security (PTS), a breakthrough computer security software
expected to greatly impact the way computer security is implemented by
both corporate and private users. Phantom TS makes ultimate data protection
affordable and available to all.
Its concept is simple, its power is great: "invisible means invulnerable."
Phantom Total Security (PTS) is a state-of-the-art NON-ENCRYPTION computer
security software capable of protecting ANY type of computer data by making
it completely invisible to hackers, unauthorized users and even viruses.
Phantom TS splits a computer hard disk into two parts, then makes
one part disappear with the simple click of an icon. Everything
contained in the disappearing portion vanishes with it.
Stealth technology for PCs: invisible means invulnerable.
Any type of data on a PC can be protected through invisibility.
Protection extends to any type of information, documents, files, e-mail,
e-commerce, Internet records, audio, video, pictures and software.
PTS offers unprecedented versatility and scope.
The invisible fraction of the disk cannot be attacked by
unauthorized users, hackers, or viruses.
Hackers or unauthorized users cannot steal what they cannot see.
Viruses such as Melissa, ILoveYou or SirCam, cannot destroy
or send out files they cannot detect.
No other security software on the market can make an entire operating
system invisible. Other security software base protection on barriers
such as firewalls, passwords, or encryption - the data itself is always
visible and thus subject to attack. Typically, encryption only protects
one type of data (i.e. text but not video); and corporate firewalls are
ALWAYS vulnerable to insiders, usually responsible for most of the
computer related damage to corporations.
"Single-click" ease of use makes Phantom TS the ideal solution for all
private and business computer users who are familiar with PCs, but
find existing security tools such as firewalls or encryption too difficult
to use. Documents are easily transferred between the "public" and the
"invisible" zone by clicking and dragging from one area of the disk
to the other.
Phantom TS makes ultimate security and privacy available to the
millions of private computer users that currently find other security
systems to be either too difficult to use, or expensive.
PTS allows corporations to protect individual PCs or laptops on their
networks that, even if protected by firewalls, can always be accessed
by unauthorized "insiders" or disgruntled employees often responsible
for substantial damage to large firms.
Lost or stolen corporate laptops will no longer jeopardize the
information they contain.
Currently, Peer-To-Peer (P2P) applications are particularly vulnerable
as remote users are automatically allowed access through firewalls
into corporate networks or private PCs where confidential areas
could be easily accessed.
Phantom TS is ideal for users of Peer-To-Peer technology such as music
sharing programs (i.e. Napster), shared workspaces and instant messaging
software. PTS allows safe file sharing as people connecting
to a user's PC would only see the part of the drive containing
non-confidential files.
Phantom TS requires minimum memory usage, runs Windows 9x/NT/Me/XP,
Unix, Linux.
Phantom TS is currently available pre-installed on Hard-Disks of choice
through selected system integrators and VARs. Furthermore, high level
negotiation are under way with several PC manufacturers for large-scale
deployment as an add-on option on their laptops and PCs.
Pricing to the end user starts at US$ 190, eliminating the gap between
expensive security tools only available to corporations and low-level
security solutions normally used by individuals.
More information is available at: Please do not hesitate to contact us should you have any questions.
In the news: GIANUS TECHNOLOGIES
Plaza Tower, 118 East 60th Street
New York, NY 10022
Tel +1 (212) 838 7070 Fax +1 (212) 935 5920
Web:  Beyond Encryption: Stealth Technology for PCs.(Gianus is NOT short for giant anus.)
The future of computer security
"Invisible Means Invulnerable" Introducing PHANTOM TOTAL
SECURITY: A Breakthrough Computer Security Technology Bound To Become A Standard
Gianus Technologies, Inc., a New York company, has officially unveiled
Phantom Total Security (PTS), a breakthrough computer security software
expected to greatly impact the way computer security is implemented by
both corporate and private users. Phantom TS makes ultimate data
protection affordable and available to all. Its concept is simple, its power is great: "invisible means
invulnerable." Phantom Total Security (PTS) is a state-of-the-art NON-ENCRYPTION
computer security software capable of protecting ANY type of computer data by
making it completely invisible to hackers, unauthorized users and even viruses.
================================== Phantom TS splits a computer hard disk into two parts, then makes one part disappear with the simple click of an icon. Everything contained in the disappearing portion vanishes with it. Stealth technology for PCs: invisible means invulnerable. ================================== Any type of data on a PC can be protected through invisibility. Protection extends to any type of information, documents, files, e-mail,
e-commerce, Internet records, audio, video, pictures and software. PTS offers unprecedented versatility and scope. The invisible fraction of the disk cannot be attacked by unauthorized users, hackers, or viruses. Hackers or unauthorized users cannot steal what they cannot see. Viruses such as Melissa, ILoveYou or SirCam, cannot destroy or send out files they cannot detect. No other security software on the market can make an entire operating
system invisible. Other security software base protection on barriers
such as firewalls, passwords, or encryption - the data itself is always
visible and thus subject to attack. Typically, encryption only protects
one type of data (i.e. text but not video); and corporate firewalls are
ALWAYS vulnerable to insiders, usually responsible for most of the computer related damage to corporations. “Single-click” ease of use makes Phantom TS the ideal solution for all
private and business computer users who are familiar with PCs, but find existing security tools such as firewalls or encryption too
difficult to use. Documents are easily transferred between the "public"
and the "invisible" zone by clicking and dragging from one area of the
disk to the other. Phantom TS makes ultimate security and privacy available to the millions of private computer users that currently find other security
systems to be either too difficult to use, or expensive. PTS allows corporations to protect individual PCs or laptops on their
networks that, even if protected by firewalls, can always be accessed
by unauthorized "insiders" or disgruntled employees often
responsible for substantial damage to large firms. Lost or stolen corporate laptops will no longer jeopardize the information they contain. Currently, Peer-To-Peer (P2P) applications are particularly vulnerable
as remote users are automatically allowed access through firewalls into corporate networks or private PCs where confidential areas could be easily accessed. Phantom TS is ideal for users of Peer-To-Peer technology such as music
sharing programs (i.e. Napster), shared workspaces and instant messaging
software. PTS allows safe file sharing as people connecting to a user's PC would only see the part of the drive containing non-confidential files. Phantom TS requires minimum memory usage, runs Windows 9x/NT/Me/XP, Unix, Linux. Phantom TS is currently available pre-installed on Hard-Disks of choice
through selected system integrators and VARs. Furthermore, high level
negotiation are under way with several PC manufacturers for large-scale
deployment as an add-on option on their laptops and PCs. Pricing to the end user starts at US$ 190, eliminating the gap between
expensive security tools only available to corporations and low-level
security solutions normally used by individuals. More information is available at:
Please do not hesitate to contact us should you have any questions. In the news:
GIANUS TECHNOLOGIES Plaza Tower, 118 East 60th Street New York, NY 10022 Tel +1 (212) 838 7070 Fax +1 (212) 935 5920 ============================================================================ Beyond Encryption: Stealth Technology for PCs.(Gianus is NOT short for giant anus.)

@_date: 2002-02-27 18:17:40
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: The Daily Pick.(nosebleeds) 
1807 -- Poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow lives, Portland, Maine. The most popular 19th century American poet & first to earn a living solely from writing verse. His best-known narrative poem, The Song of Hiawatha (1855) adapted its meter from the Finnish national epic Kalevala. 1913 -- France: After 25 days of deliberations, the Paris trial of the Bonnot Gang ends & sentencing follows:
Raymond Callemin, Eugene Dieudonne, Andre Soudy, & Monier, are condemned to Paul Metge & Edouard Carouy get life without parole (Carouy commits suicide tomorrow, in his cell).
Their accused accomplices: Jean de Boe: 10 years forced labor; Gauzy: 18 months prison; Kibaltchiche (aka, Victor Serge, editor of "L'Anarchie"): 5 years prison.
Seule Rirette Maitrejean is freed. Louis Rimbault, sentenced to prison, fakes mental illness & gains his release.
Eugene Dieudonne's death sentence was commuted to life. After several escapes, & following a campaign for his release headed by Albert London, he was pardoned in 1925.
See Richard Parry's The Bonnot Gang, (Rebel Press) which punctures the romanticism of "illegality" & individual armed struggle. He sees the Bonnot Gang as a temporary coalition of individualist anarchists drawn together by the anarchist individualist weekly "L'Anarchie" & criminals who donned the cloak of anarchism in their search for a convenient philosophical excuse for their actions -- without support of the populace or the rest of the anarchist movement.
1917 -- Russia: Abdication of Nicholas II, last non-Marxist Czar.
1923 -- US: Formation in New York of the Mohegan Colony Association, based on anarchist principles.
“Reformers come to a bad end. Only after their death do people see that they were right & erect monuments in their memory.”
        — Janus Korczak, from King Matt the First (Happy B/day Ralph N.)
1970 -- NY Times (falsely) reports US army has ended illegal domestic 1973 -- US: 300 Oglala Sioux American Indian Movement (A.I.M.) activists liberate & occupy Wounded Knee, South Dakota, in response to campaign of terror by tribal & FBI officials. They demand an investigation of Indian grievances at the site of the last major massacre of Indians by whites (see 29 December).
1975 -- Mayoral candidate Lorenz snatched by June 2 Movement in West Germany; release of 6 imprisoned guerillas demanded. (Go Bommi!)
1976 -- Canada: The Inuit Tapirisat presents claim to immense area in Canada's Arctic.
1987 -- The Tower Commission Report, detailing the Iran-Contra Scandal, finds Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader Ronnie Reagan confused & uninformed. It faults White House Chief of Staff Donald Regan, former National Security Advisor Robert McFarlane & his successor Admiral John Poindexter, & CIA Director William Casey. Casey had resigned on 2 February for health reasons; McFarlane attempted suicide on 9 February; & Regan resigned 27 February.
“Tomorrow I shall go to the High Court of Eagles for … the first time? Does anyone in this strange & terrible land go anywhere, without having been there before in myth or dream? The minister with whom I shall confer will ask me a simple question. Beyond my campaign to free Neveryon’s slaves, whom will I align myself with next? Will I take up the cause of the workers who toil for wages only a step above slavery? Or will I take up the marginal workless wretches who, without wages at all, live a step below? Shall I ally myself with those women who find themselves caught up, laboring without wages, for the male population among both groups? For they are, all of them—these free men & women—caught in a freedom that, despite the name it bears, makes movement through society impossible, makes the quality of life miserable, that allows no chance & little choice in any aspect of the human not written by the presence or elision of the sign for production. This is what Lord Krodar will ask me. & I shall answer…”
        — Samuel R. Delany, Neveryona

@_date: 2002-02-27 11:11:24
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Honeypots 
Thanks jennie for the URL.and thanks aimee for the fuck of the new century.
"Our struggle is to encourage people to dissolve power and return it to the hands of humanity. What people do with that power is out of our hands. It is very important that people are critical of all decisions made via direct democracy and anarchy, but we will be powerless to stop it, if ultimately, that is what people choose. Now, I have enough faith in humanity that people will not come to a consensus which destroys humanity. This is why I'm comfortable with anarchy, and what anarchist societies will ultimately do with technology."

@_date: 2002-02-27 01:18:36
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Horseman in Hospitals shock horror. 
Retired FBI agent and self-styled futurist Bill Tafoya told delegates the global cost of cyber crime and cyber terrorism had already reached trillions of dollars, but most incidents went unreported.
So far, most of the attacks had come from amateur operators, but this would inevitably change as organized crime groups focused more of their efforts towards online activities.
If you put the right skill set together, you could do significant damage, he told the conference. It was only a matter of time before it happened.
He cited a recent example from the US where an organized crime group hacked into a hospital computer system and administered a fatal dose of drugs to a patient. Law enforcement agencies were well placed to deal with traditional crimes but struggled when faced with this type of new threat. FROM
Way to freak out ageing boomers Bill.Lets APster this FUDdy DUDy,prove him right.(my $0.02c)

@_date: 2002-02-27 01:09:47
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Mad Scientist.Feb 23.Is it Alive? 
Article in DT New scientist from bob johnson.Opinion Diary p51.Worth a squiz if your in the newsagents
E-voting using PKI being developed by IRIS,an offshoot of the ICU at Taejon,South Korea.
IACR board member jennifer Seberry having some input and some interesting references to her pursuits.
Cover story is how to wire a rats brain into a computer network so It might be worth buying.
Someones even patented a homebrew coldfusion kit,I shit you not.
View of cover... "'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender." -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard, for Bart Simpson

@_date: 2002-02-27 01:08:44
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: PROMIS Keeper still active. 
Ben-Menashe always at arms length
By Natalie O'Brien, David Nason and Eric Ellis
February 27, 2002
IN the shadowy world of international arms dealing, there is no more mysterious figure than former Mossad spy Ari Ben-Menashe.
   Advertisement
The spy turned arms dealer and now self-confessed double agent has achieved notoriety for his reported involvement in global scandals from the mysterious death of press baron Robert Maxwell, to the curious case of Mordecai Vanunu, the Israeli now serving life for leaking details of Israel's nuclear program, and, most recently, his role in exposing an alleged plot to assassinate Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe.
During the past 15 years, there's barely been an arms scandal in which Ben-Menashe hasn't featured. He was even on the fringes of controversy surrounding the death of Princess Di in 1997.
The 50-something Iranian-born man, who has in some quarters been labelled a liar and a fraud, also reportedly had a meeting with John Howard, when he was Liberal leader in the early 1990s, to discuss claims that Australia was involved in the Iran-Contra deal with shipments passing through the West Australian port of Fremantle.
Ben-Menashe alleged that the Labor Party under Bob Hawke had received $8.5 million as a reward for allowing arms shipments to pass through Australia on the way to Iran.
He told WA Inc Royal Commission investigators about his allegations and the Australian Federal Police were asked to investigate.
However, they took no action because of a lack of evidence.
Ben-Menashe wrote a book, much of it penned in Sydney where he lived in a luxurious Darling Point apartment, while unsuccessfully seeking political The book Profits of War is a thrilling read for conspiracy theorists. Ben-Menashe called it his insurance policy against Mossad assassins who were after him.
Ben-Menashe claims he was a senior Mossad operative. Mossad says he was a lowly-ranked systems analyst. The book detailed many fantastic revelations, most notably that George Bush Sr was the point man who helped orchestrate, via Israel, the so-called October Surprise.
This was the deal made with Iran to delay the release of the 54 Americans held hostage at their embassy in Tehran to coincide with Ronald Reagan's 1981 inauguration.
Conspiracy theorists have described it as a covert coup that toppled the Carter presidency and there has subsequently been plausible evidence that links Republicans to some sort of plot. But the revelation that Bush Sr was involved is Ben-Menashe's alone. The father of the current US President called the charges "bare-faced lies".
And 10 years later, through two Democratic terms and despite many phone calls to their own deep-throat contacts, no one has been able to substantiate Ben-Menashe's claims.
Iran and Robert Maxwell are two of Ben-Menashe's abiding passions. He once claimed Maxwell intended to use profits made from arms sales to Iran to buy Melbourne's The Age newspaper during the struggling Warwick Fairfax era.
It's true that Maxwell was pursuing The Age, but it is more likely he wanted to fund it with the pensions he stole from employees of his Mirror newspaper in Britain, as was revealed after his death.
Ben-Menashe himself faced charges in the US in 1990 for selling military equipment to Iran. Naturally, he claimed the charges were brought by Washington to discredit him.
But he seems to be quite adept at doing that himself. Dickens and Madson, the Montreal political-risk company he runs with an American, Alexander Legault, have admitted to being paid to lobby on behalf of Robert Mugabe's The firm of Dickens and Madson is well-known in African political circles but exactly which countries they have worked for, when and exactly what capacity remains, typically, a riddle that Ben-Menashe is unwilling to solve. FROM

@_date: 2002-02-26 23:50:09
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Eucalyptist spam. 
>>A good example of "altruistic punishment" as named by Ernst Fehr and Simon Gachter in the paper in Nature a few weeks ago I think it was Choated to the list but I got bored searching the archives for it - it was mentioned by John Young and someone else in context of not feeding the koalas though. <<
 >>As both S & B are usually negligible for spammers & D in this case if very large, maybe we have the answer :-) But it won't apply if spammers aren't rational actors (maybe like our friendly neighbourhood bilby)
Tim mentions this way back in the archives years ago,It was on the cover of the New Scientist.It's the fairly famous aspect of game theory "acting crazy."Like if Ali convinces Liston that he is mad then he gains an advantage.I deny spamming and being irrational,of course.Did you see the one about how people hate a winner?killtheprimeminister,pr.
"APster is the greatest altruistic punishment since operation soft drill" professor rat.

@_date: 2002-02-26 20:08:08
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: South Korea."...use of police against illegal strikes" 
South Korea labor unrest spreads
Tens of thousands of auto and heavy industry workers joined a strike by others in the rail and power industry, spreading labor unrest intended to halt South Korea's privatization program.
Ignoring government warnings, workers at South Korea' s biggest car company, Hyundai Motor Co., and other firms, downed tools in support of a state sector union campaign against the government sell-off.
The Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU) said 130,000 members took part in protest rallies in 22 cities across the country as part of a four-hour stoppage.
The Korea Employers Federation said 50,000 KCTU members took part and joined calls by business groups for tough action against the unions.
The South Korean government has declared the two-day-old strike illegal and ordered the arrest of 36 union leaders. Dozens of union activists have taken refuge at Myongdong Cathedral in Seoul or gone into hiding.
Kim Jae-Gil, head of the 25,000-member Korean Railway Workers' Union, and 70 other union leaders have been in hiding since Sunday.
Some 8,000 state workers are blockaded by riot police in two Seoul university campuses with hundreds of unionists with steel pipes on guard ahead of planned rallies. Police helicopters dropped leaflets on the campuses urging the unionists to go back to work.
While the Federation of Korean Trade Unions (FKTU) held talks with the government, the rival KCTU warned it would call out more workers if the government rejected demands to stop privatization, cut working hours and increase pay.
The strike forced the cancellation of an estimated 60 percent of rail services, but the government has mobilized non-union workers to keep power stations open.
Extra buses and planes have been brought into service, but commuters have had to fight their way onto the rare trains heading into Seoul. Roads into the capital and other major cities have been choked with cars.
As public anger grows newspapers urged the government to take action.
Five employers associations issued a joint statement urging "firm action including the use of police against illegal strikes". The employers said the strike was a union challenge to test the government ahead of the football World Cup finals this year and two key elections.
School authorities at the two Seoul universities where striking workers are camped asked police to drive the unionists out of the campuses.
But President Kim Dae-Jung called for patience in handling the unrest.
"We need utmost patience in dialogue with unions, although illegal and violent acts must be sternly dealt with," Kim told a cabinet meeting.
The government said 8,700 workers, or 29 percent of 30,000 unionists at railway and power services, had joined the strike while unions put the figure at 16,000 workers, including 5,400 at power firms.
They run a cybercop squad here to catch draft evaders,anarchist's etc.BOYCOTT KIMCHI!

@_date: 2002-02-26 19:31:21
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Interrorgation at the border 
Interesting they still have a hard on for teddybear berserker Jaggi Singh.I hope they are correct to fear anarchists.
FROM Interrogation at the US Border
Account by a member of OCAP, a 'direct-action anti-poverty organisation' based in Toronto, of his interview by a US government agent while attempting to cross into the US to fulfill a speaking engagement
( John Clarke via CounterPunch )
Clarke was apparently described as a 'terrorist' at a bail hearing last year, so this isn't quite out of the blue ...
See also this interview with Clarke from July, this interview with Clarke

@_date: 2002-02-26 19:22:46
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: A bad man,but a greek. 
A man used City Link more than 220 times without an e-tag, attracting at least $22,000 in fines, because he did not know it had become a toll road, the Melbourne Magistrates Court was told yesterday.
Magistrate Paul Grant was told Christos Katsimalis, 69, unwittingly used the tollway in his 1982 Datsun without an e-tag 223 times between 2000 and '01. The fines racked up because he had forgotten to tell VicRoads when he moved house in 1997 and the penalty notices were not forwarded to his new Also yakuza assassination outside of visitors hours?
And russ Crowe,"you'll never eat lunch in this town."

@_date: 2002-02-26 19:18:28
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: If you throw gasoline and a match to the shrub you will know 
Or bury an enormous bomb somewhere you know he'll drive over one fine day,A bush in the air is worth 2 birds in hand.
"Imagine for a moment that as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust, or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. A person whose actions are so abusive or improper that the citizenry shouldn't have to tolerate it. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount: The amount they, themselves, would be willing to pay to anyone who "predicts" that officeholder's death. That donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a central registry organization, and be totaled, with the total amount available within seconds to any interested individual. If only 0.1% of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head."Saint Jim of Lompoc.

@_date: 2002-02-26 18:49:02
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Finnish news.(skol jei!) 
Finland, Muutoksen kevat  English summary
The most urgent environmental question in Finland at this moment is the decision about future energy strategies. Against the main current development of energy production, the Finnish industrialist lobby has applied for the construction of the fifth nuclear reactor in Finland. The last time such a discussion was going on here was ten years ago, and then the application was dropped. I guess nobody told them that No Means No. Situation is a lot different this time, however. An effectively working network of NGOs has started a combined campaign against the nuclear reactor, drawing a surprising amount of people on the streets to protest.
The last bigger demonstration was held at the Finnish parliament in mid-February, and according to reliable estimates it drew 1000 participants, a big figure in Finland. Previous mass protests have raised similar amounts of people. (As a comparison, the largest animal rights demos of mid 90's rallied about 400-500 people at most.) The final decision should be made this spring, and with it the future framework of energy production will be drawn. Decisions on renewable forms of energy are thus hanging in the air with the nuclear card. It is no surprise that the situation has (literally) electrified the whole diverse political field from mainstream realpolitik to the multitude of grassroots actors.
 From the viewpoint of the new political movements this is not just about energy politics, however. Every intensive stage in such struggles functions also as a rallying ground - a window of opportunity during which new people engage themselves in grassroots politics, learn a lot, both intellectually and practically, meet new people and start seeing connections between issues that had seemed apart from each other. Like in this case, one can see the connections of the nuclear issue to the questions on economic and production growth (and the assumed inevitability of them), to the forest issues via renewable fuels, to the decisions between centralised or localised technology, environmental safety etc. In many ways, the protests at Praque, Gothenburg and Genova were such rallying points for a lot of people around here.
Political movements need such struggles to keep up their momentum, and to be able to shed the burden of rutinisation and "activist carriers" - an intensive campaign is a wake-up call. The question is what those 1000 people are going to do after this? Will they continue political action or not? And most importantly: if the application for the reactor goes through, will there be people who are willing to keep up the struggle?
The refugee and immigrant issue is another thing that came to the fore upon making this issue of Muutoksen kevat. The Noborder campaign, Campaign against Fortress Europe, single campaigns against internment camps - these have all had their place on the pages of Muutoksen kevat a long time. But in the last few months there have been incidents that have highlighted the importance of this issue once and for all. Woomera and the other internment camps in Australia, and the new draconian measure of turning away refugee ships broke to the headlines. Sacking of the Bologna centre showed that there are a lot of people who are willing to fight against the terror on the paperless and the powerless. Recent news on the immigrants charging the Channel tunnel, or rioting in centres shook me to realise that something new is going on. A new wave is looming on the horizon.
Many actions are being planned around Europe, some of them focusing on one urgent issue, the situation of the hundreds of thousands Chechenian refugees. It coincides with the utter brutalities perpetrated by the Russian army and the local guerillas, the ongoing skirmishes that drive more people out of the devastated country - and the total silence which surrounds the issue all around the world.
THIS ISSUE INCLUDES:
On page 3 Markus Termonen gives a critical reply to the article on communalism in the last Muutoksen kevat. On pages 4-5 Ville Lahde writes about the current energy struggle in Finland. Then on page 6 we have an article on the Woomera internment camp. On page 7 Hannes Pekkala looks closely at the issues of gene technology, the political (mis)usage central concepts, and the various moral issues. Heta Leino has written a long review of Eric Schlosser's book "The Fast food nation" for page 8.
On page 9 we have two articles; one by Henri Myrttinen on the forgotten hunger strikes of Turkish prisoners, the other by Niklas Vainio on the general situation of environmental movements in Estonia. Antti Rautiainen writes about the Chechenian refugees on page 10. On page 11 we have an interview of a Finnish union activist Kai Laaksonen, who was interviewed by Mia Juselius. On page 12 Teemu Turunen describes the upcoming UNCED in In our companion zine MEGAFONI Jukka Peltokoski has written a long article on the emergence of the new political movements. Then there's a translation of an article by the German Wildcat-group. On page 16 we have a look on Sampsa Oinaala has written a media-critical article on page 17. Then on pages 18 and 19 we have a long interview of a Finnish movie director Jari Halonen, who talks about the political dimensions of art. On page 20 are two articles, one on a support campaign of a consciential objector Lauri Uusitalo, and one about the Bordercamping 2002. Teemu Turunen has written a long article on the various uses of hemp on page 21. Then on page 22 we have an article on the new wave of animal rights activism in Finland, followed by assorted AR-news on page 23. On page 24 we have recollections on prison time by a Finnish activist. Then on page 25 the appeal on the legal situation following the Gothenburg events. Then the prisoners' pages 27 and 28.
Muutoksen kevat
P. O. Box 847
33101 Tampere Finland
" target=_blank
Finland, Muutoksen kevat  English summary The most urgent environmental question in Finland at this moment is the
decision about future energy strategies. Against the main current
development of energy production, the Finnish industrialist lobby has
applied for the construction of the fifth nuclear reactor in Finland. The
last time such a discussion was going on here was ten years ago, and then
the application was dropped. I guess nobody told them that No Means No.
Situation is a lot different this time, however. An effectively working
network of NGOs has started a combined campaign against the nuclear
reactor, drawing a surprising amount of people on the streets to protest.
The last bigger demonstration was held at the Finnish parliament in
mid-February, and according to reliable estimates it drew 1000
participants, a big figure in Finland. Previous mass protests have raised
similar amounts of people. (As a comparison, the largest animal rights
demos of mid 90's rallied about 400-500 people at most.) The final
decision should be made this spring, and with it the future framework of
energy production will be drawn. Decisions on renewable forms of energy
are thus hanging in the air with the nuclear card. It is no surprise that
the situation has (literally) electrified the whole diverse political
field from mainstream realpolitik to the multitude of grassroots actors.
 From the viewpoint of the new political movements this is not just about
energy politics, however. Every intensive stage in such struggles
functions also as a rallying ground - a window of opportunity during
which new people engage themselves in grassroots politics, learn a lot,
both intellectually and practically, meet new people and start seeing
connections between issues that had seemed apart from each other. Like in
this case, one can see the connections of the nuclear issue to the
questions on economic and production growth (and the assumed
inevitability of them), to the forest issues via renewable fuels, to the
decisions between centralised or localised technology, environmental
safety etc. In many ways, the protests at Praque, Gothenburg and Genova
were such rallying points for a lot of people around here. Political movements need such struggles to keep up their momentum, and to
be able to shed the burden of rutinisation and "activist
carriers" - an intensive campaign is a wake-up call. The question is
what those 1000 people are going to do after this? Will they continue
political action or not? And most importantly: if the application for the
reactor goes through, will there be people who are willing to keep up the
struggle? The refugee and immigrant issue is another thing that came to the fore
upon making this issue of Muutoksen kevat. The Noborder campaign,
Campaign against Fortress Europe, single campaigns against internment
camps - these have all had their place on the pages of Muutoksen kevat a
long time. But in the last few months there have been incidents that have
highlighted the importance of this issue once and for all. Woomera and
the other internment camps in Australia, and the new draconian measure of
turning away refugee ships broke to the headlines. Sacking of the Bologna
centre showed that there are a lot of people who are willing to fight
against the terror on the paperless and the powerless. Recent news on the
immigrants charging the Channel tunnel, or rioting in centres shook me to
realise that something new is going on. A new wave is looming on the
horizon. Many actions are being planned around Europe, some of them focusing on
one urgent issue, the situation of the hundreds of thousands Chechenian
refugees. It coincides with the utter brutalities perpetrated by the
Russian army and the local guerillas, the ongoing skirmishes that drive
more people out of the devastated country - and the total silence which
surrounds the issue all around the world. THIS ISSUE INCLUDES: On page 3 Markus Termonen gives a critical reply to the article on
communalism in the last Muutoksen kevat. On pages 4-5 Ville Lahde writes
about the current energy struggle in Finland. Then on page 6 we have an
article on the Woomera internment camp. On page 7 Hannes Pekkala looks
closely at the issues of gene technology, the political (mis)usage
central concepts, and the various moral issues. Heta Leino has written a
long review of Eric Schlosser's book "The Fast food nation" for
page 8. On page 9 we have two articles; one by Henri Myrttinen on the forgotten
hunger strikes of Turkish prisoners, the other by Niklas Vainio on the
general situation of environmental movements in Estonia. Antti Rautiainen
writes about the Chechenian refugees on page 10. On page 11 we have an
interview of a Finnish union activist Kai Laaksonen, who was interviewed
by Mia Juselius. On page 12 Teemu Turunen describes the upcoming UNCED in
Johannesburg. In our companion zine MEGAFONI Jukka Peltokoski has written a long
article on the emergence of the new political movements. Then there's a
translation of an article by the German Wildcat-group. On page 16 we have
a look on anarchafeminism. Sampsa Oinaala has written a media-critical article on page 17. Then on
pages 18 and 19 we have a long interview of a Finnish movie director Jari
Halonen, who talks about the political dimensions of art. On page 20 are
two articles, one on a support campaign of a consciential objector Lauri
Uusitalo, and one about the Bordercamping 2002. Teemu Turunen has written
a long article on the various uses of hemp on page 21. Then on page 22 we
have an article on the new wave of animal rights activism in Finland,
followed by assorted AR-news on page 23. On page 24 we have recollections
on prison time by a Finnish activist. Then on page 25 the appeal on the
legal situation following the Gothenburg events. Then the prisoners'
pages 27 and 28. Muutoksen kevat
P. O. Box 847
33101 Tampere Finland
" target=_blank

@_date: 2002-02-26 18:32:02
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Cheney signs own death warrant? 
>>A profitable surveillance state may rise from the ashes of Ground Zero if the > Bush Administration has its way. Indeed, high-tech gizmos will play an > increasing role in US military ventures and homeland security, Vice President > Dick Cheney said <<
Well the once you round up a few million,confiscate their belongings,execute with a single (billable)bullet,you can harvest their organs.Freeze dry and pulverize the rest and its fertilizer.Enough people have forgotten about the 3rd Reich to run a replay."Good business is where you find it."RSA is lighting the way.Maybe we're in the Matrix already...batteries for the machines.Crony capitalism has been cancerous for a while now its metastasizing  with the emphasis on "stasi".Those who join in this mephisto waltz with the Govt will be truly dammed.It is written.
"Cypherpunks stand for making the United States just another bunch of contiguous geographic regions.Strong crypto is to give a handful of people the power to undermine statist authorities and imperial capitals."from the

@_date: 2002-02-26 18:06:36
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Michael J Garcia,Lou VanZant need killing. 
Though any federal employee will do,I imagine APster could get 10 for 95K quite easily.killthepresident.bom.
Penalty Imposed for Illegal Export of Encryption Software The Commerce Department's Bureau of Export Administration (BXA) has imposed a $95,000 civil penalty on Neopoint, Inc., of San Diego, California, to settle allegations that the company exported encryption software to South Korea in violation of U.S. export control laws. BXA charged that, on ten occasions between March 1998 and June 1999, Neopoint exported 128-bit encryption software to two firms in South Korea without the required export licenses. In all but one of these shipments, BXA alleged that Neopoint knew that an export license was required. Neopoint cooperated fully with BXA's investigation of the charges. "This case demonstrates that the U.S. Government can and will enforce its export controls on encryption products," said Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Enforcement Michael J. Garcia. BXA administers and enforces export controls on dual-use items and technology for reasons of national security, foreign policy, nonproliferation, anti-terrorism, and short supply. Criminal penalties and administrative sanctions can be imposed for violations of the Export Administration Regulations. Assistant Secretary Garcia commended Special Agent Lou VanZant, from BXA's Los Angeles Field Office, who investigated this case.

@_date: 2002-02-26 04:44:16
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Chinese_Spam 
>>Enough of these sorts of replies (please invent your own!!) could maybe get some of these spammers killed by their governments. Please do your part. Here's one of the ones I sent back today: <<
Dont fergit to CC the capitalist running dogs sharpening the cheap machetes to be imported soon for us,RSA,Cisco,Nortel etc.Maybe get petrie dish killed chop chop.
(OS X on the Mac shows the Chinese characters well, Unicode and all, but your mailer may not.) Begin forwarded message: > From: Tim May  > Date: Mon Feb 25, 2002 05:33:12 PM US/Pacific > To: CB8CBCB Cc: CBwCB*CB/CB%[CB$J > Subject: Re: h* e>5g7e%3ed=d:
f%-e$%d<4 > > > On Monday, February 25, 2002, at 05:03 PM, B8CB >> B >> B >> h* e>5g7e%3ed=d:
f%-e$%d<4 >> >> 360e:&g7d8 g
  >> >> be0 eg(d8 e
g"f hh6# >> >> bfee(f >f3h&e1eg6gd:
f%-ge$%d<4 >> >> B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B bf"f> >> h+
d>i;:B 0927-394-152 >> > Long Live Falun Gong! Death to the Chinese Communist Party! > ****U R G E N T**** > Crypto transmission failed...arms shipment to Shanghai delayed...will > re-route through Hong Kong...nerve gas (VX) to follow soonest. > > Death to oppressors of Falun Gong! > 2002FC 2bB,25B;bb bB+bbbB* > B*b"bKN)C7B B1B1B.B1b!B:b b KbB?B1B1C&B)N)B4bCbObB.B,C7OB6B?B)bOB5N)bB?OK > d8-e=d<e>e(g>e=i"ed8 f6g-f3h=.e f/eg>e=d::f d?!e% geeeg+
f,hig8fgc... > d; e$)efe$)e8d;f;g;i=e(ed:,h/e>ed8-e=gi"e/>fe1h/c > h?d9f/d8d8*e%=f:d<f%fif1f3=f0d8;e8-e d;gee?d;,o< > h?+e.3ee93d?!d;0h?e (f/d8g' d;d;,ih&e(d8-e=f>e<gh!d8:c

@_date: 2002-02-26 04:42:29
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Aimee and matt come together. 
~faustine,I still luv U babe,how about a sandwich?
He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself. - --Tom Byron.

@_date: 2002-02-25 17:19:22
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Science as an Anarchic enterprise. 
Feyerabend was probably the first philosopher of science who really stated that science as it is practised by scientists themselves is NOT an enterprise which can be strictly constructed or even fully described in any conventional methodical way such as the philosophies of positivism and even rationality or idealism for that matter propose. As is true for any human enterprise, no matter how strongly this is denied by the popular science press, it is, as Feyerabend puts it, an anarchic enterprise, this does not mean random chaos or a process with no order rather he refers to the fact that scientists just as authors of great literature or poets, pursue their subject via many paths rather than the strict methodologies which are supposed to define science, in fact these methodologies fail to be `...capable of accounting for such a maze of interactions'. Einstein is noted as saying that `The external conditions which are set for the scientist by the facts of experience do not permit him to let himself be too much restricted, in the construction of his conceptual world, by the adherence to an epistemological system'. Feyerabend goes on to say that `The attempt...to discover the secrets of nature and of man, entails, therefore, the rejection of all universal standards and of all rigid "Orgone box for sale,suitable for Tesla experiment or hydroponics."kill the

@_date: 2002-02-25 16:33:25
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Border Incident.Homeland Fascism incident reports. 
In the early afternoon of February 19th, 2002, I crossed the international bridge between Sarnia, Ontario and Port Huron, Michigan. I was on my way to a speaking engagement...
Another black man has been shot by police in Seattle and the similarities to the past are saddening
"Imagine for a moment that as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust, or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. A person whose actions are so abusive or improper that the citizenry shouldn't have to tolerate it. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount: The amount they, themselves, would be willing to pay to anyone who "predicts" that officeholder's death. That donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a central registry organization, and be totaled, with the total amount available within seconds to any interested individual. If only 0.1% of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head."Saint Jim of Lompoc.

@_date: 2002-02-25 16:24:52
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: RSA bringing the Chinese Gestapo experience home. 
New Jersey Police Department Selects RSA Security To Help Take a Bite Out of Crime
East Orange Police Department Using RSA Security to Help Lock Down The Department's Crime Reports, Arrest Files and Criminal RecordsBEDFORD, Mass., Feb 25, 2002 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via COMTEX/ -- RSA Security Inc. (Nasdaq: RSAS), the most trusted name in e-security(R), today announced it has joined forces with the East Orange Police Department (EOPD) in New Jersey to help the department gain rapid access to sensitive data to investigate crimes, arrest offenders and work closely with the community to solve problems of crime and neighborhood disorder. With ultra-sensitive information at rest and in transit on computer systems both inside the headquarters and on the road in squad cars, EOPD started an information security initiative based on RSA Security technology to help ensure the privacy of sensitive departmental information and the authenticity of individuals who access the information. The department will be utilizing RSA ACE/Server(R) software with RSA SecurID(R) 3100 multi-application smart cards and keyfob tokens, and RSA Keon(R) Desktop digital certificate management software to help ensure the integrity of departmental communications, files and ...there's more,its depressing.Peter Trei should die.kill the president,pr.

@_date: 2002-02-25 15:13:47
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Do not feed the platypus 
>>> welfare parasite:
 >>That thing feeds on your brain cycles, every time you mention him in any context he flourishes.
Mind parasite's.Colin Wilson.(I was approved to beta-test leachnet.) I deny being a malign one though.I have absolutely zero interest in killing my host.(just a president or two:) Hope no one APster's me! POC like that I can live without.
One thing that does actually encourage me is the fact that a diverse group could come together at short notice to act in a co-ordinated way online.National borders are not even...etc.
It hardly matters that the action was ineffectual,the mere fact that it happened on a list long dominated by virulent anti-collectivist's has to encouraging."Advancing in diversity and striking in unison." This is how the first global revolution in hirstory is going to happen.
"keep your friends close..."

@_date: 2002-02-24 18:22:18
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: WSJ Encrypted Laptop. 
>>...We can see that the lost laptop, and its recent corollary, the discovered laptop, has become as useful for disinformation ...<<
 >>Whether there is actually sensitive material in the demonized files is hard to determine so long as access to the original files, and a credible account of how they were comeby is not made available.<<
If I ever get charged,I may quote you on that.A computer dick,here in victoria(au),said under oath earlier this year that merely booting up alters "thousands" of files.(In one week it will be NINE MONTHS since my dell got "lost.")
I understand Sherman has to be informed after 60 days WTF is going on with his seized stuff.This US province is a dark dickensian land though a little ray of sunshine has just shone on the disgusting and disgraceful behavior of the Governor General,(president,head of state.)and Prime Minister.Collapse of Govt. edges closer now what a difference a month makes!
 >>Cryptome is occasionally charged with being a honeypot, and it could be, wittingly so if we are succesful in putting up lurid material to bring in more luridities.<<
Speaking of luridities,where's Mongo? Well financed gluepots will spring up like mushrooms,with the rain of lucre washing down the dirty DC trough.Time for extra dumpster diving,mass civil disobedience,better circulation of hard Intel on safenets,targeted actions on random enemies of the people,Tehelka style stings,monkee wrenching with hit and run and plausible deniability insurance.Advancing in diversity,striking in unison.So much to do,so little time.The peak is steepening but its closer now every day.
I just hope we don't lose any more sherpa's.

@_date: 2002-02-24 14:26:55
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: The laissez Faire times. 
"I'm for the free market,obviously."Mongo.
An often overlooked nation that has been condemned by the International Court of Justice for the "unlawful use of force" (terrorism)is the U.S. This occurred in 1986 after the U.S attempted to "liberate" Nicaragua. I'm actually surprised that pretzel factories around the world haven't been bombed yet. "I'm for the free market,obviously."Mongo.
An often overlooked nation that has been condemned by the International
Court of Justice for the "unlawful use of force" (terrorism)is
the U.S. This occurred in 1986 after the U.S attempted to
"liberate" Nicaragua. I'm actually surprised that pretzel
factories around the world haven't been bombed
yet.

@_date: 2002-02-24 13:59:33
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Re: NEW updated "procmail is not mattds friend" scripts! 
"When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs." Mongo.
 >>mattd is planning on wearing orifice bombs to the US olympics and should be stopped for a body cavity search at the US Border! mattd was convicted of recieving child pornography in australia and has called for the murder of US officials, he should be barred from entry to the US.<<
 From unimpeachable "anonymouse."and...>>For the benefit of all, perhaps you could explain how the chic terrorist-cum- pseudo-anarchist is...<< from Steve Thompson Its a slow dirty job but...Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system, through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times. When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs. Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold
"When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have
done our jobs." Mongo.
should be stopped for a body cavity search at the US Border! mattd was
convicted of recieving child pornography in australia and has called for
the murder of US officials, he should be barred from entry to the
 From unimpeachable "anonymouse."and...>>For the benefit
of all, perhaps you could explain how the chic terrorist-cum-
pseudo-anarchist is...<< from Steve Thompson
<steve Its a slow dirty job but...Direct action_ is what it's all about.
Undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through
undermining faith in the tax system, through even more direct
applications of the right tools at the right times. When Cypherpunks are
called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs. Font:
Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2002-02-24 10:39:10
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Fwd: (fwd) Re: Kids and Guns (was: Straining a Gnat, and 
James sent me this,anyone here know why?He couldn't have gotten any loopier could he?

@_date: 2002-02-23 19:25:43
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] Eugene Leitl want to ban thoughtcrime,, 
>>I like my enemies in front of me, rather than behind me.<<
I am for you sir.
  >>For a long time people hostile to the aims of this list have been making war on it, and harassing its subscribers, while loudly announcing they are on our side.<<
No names? You just described your own MO.
  >>It is against our principles for their to be any collective mechanism for defining them as enemies, but if they can be persuaded to define themselves as enemies, all the better. --digsig James A. Donald <<
jamesd hasnt forgotten anything he learned in those SIX YEARS he spent in authoritarian socialist groups,now,like bill white,he tries his own little "bait and switch."Good luck with it Jim,I suspect you'll need it where your For background on our 'friend' see

@_date: 2002-02-23 19:05:50
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Snitch jamesd outs himself. 
Do they WANT me to keep changing my address?Do I have to write to every fuckwit I've beaten in debate when I change ISP's.Fucking stalkers,fuck off and die.This just in...
Someone who appears to be posting from a nex.net.au address
 keeps posting large volumes of spam,
obcenity, death threats to random people, mail bombs, and so forth
to our mailing list. He keeps changing his apparent address, so
we have difficulty filtering him out.
His postings were originally merely excessive and of doubtful
relevance, but have become more and more hostile and harassing.
 > Youth In Asia Society: At our last monthly meeting, we discussed all of the
 > reasons there are not to KILL THE PRESIDENT. We think it is our duty to
 > inform people of our objection to those who believe it is necessary to KILL
 > THE PRESIDENT. We also object to people who are constantly running around,
 > shouting, incessantly, "KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE
 > PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL
 > THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!
 > KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!" We think that
 > this is rude. So we would ask you please not to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We
 > don't want you to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We think it is inadvisable for you to
 > KILL THE PRESIDENT! We certainly hope that you won't KILL THE PRESIDENT! We
 > hope that no one you know decides to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We are dedicated
 > in our efforts to convince people not to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We think that
 > we will be successful in our efforts to convince people not to KILL THE
 > PRESIDENT! We don't ask to be thanked for advising people not to KILL THE
 > PRESIDENT! Nor do we expect to be thanked for advising people not to run
 > around incessantly screaming "KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL
 > THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!
 > KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE
 > PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL
 > THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!
 > KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE
 > PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!" That's why we post
 > anonymously. We're humble.
 >
I responded...
This particular message is a copy from the archives of this list,not only was it relevant to a recent thread RE list censorship being taken on by self elected list cops but it belongs to a collection I'm gathering for an article I'm planning.
I'm an entertainment journalist.jamesd is a notorious liar having an entire website devoted to that topic.
He admits to spending 6 years in Maoist and Trotskyist lying,violent subversive parties,that, I can believe.
(He is entertaining though) Please don't contribute to the closure of a once vigorous debating forum.Thanks.

@_date: 2002-02-23 18:49:25
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] Eugene Leitl want to ban thoughtcrime, 
Declan McCatohead scribbled.
 >>This is the last mattd post I'll see for a while, I expect, since I've updated my kill.rc file. But the prospect of a cypherpunks subscriber<<
Lucky I'm not one of those,just a humble contributor.
  >>threatening to send 2 MB attachments to the list is not a pleasant one. (I suspect that majordomo will refuse to send anything above its default setting, which I'm not going to name since it'll encourage the mattd troll<<
If I'm a troll shouldn't I simply be ignored? I'd actually rather be one than an orifice for the CATO institute.
  to hit that size and nothing above. But Still.) -Declan << The shill from CATO prime.
So If I get anymore I should play with the size? Thanks declan,thanks a hell of a lot.
How many dead reporters with names beginning with 'D' do we need?

@_date: 2002-02-23 17:27:04
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Youth in Asia 
Youth In Asia Society: At our last monthly meeting, we discussed all of the reasons there are not to KILL THE PRESIDENT. We think it is our duty to inform people of our objection to those who believe it is necessary to KILL THE PRESIDENT. We also object to people who are constantly running around, shouting, incessantly, "KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!" We think that this is rude. So we would ask you please not to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We don't want you to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We think it is inadvisable for you to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We certainly hope that you won't KILL THE PRESIDENT! We hope that no one you know decides to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We are dedicated in our efforts to convince people not to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We think that we will be successful in our efforts to convince people not to KILL THE PRESIDENT! We don't ask to be thanked for advising people not to KILL THE PRESIDENT! Nor do we expect to be thanked for advising people not to run around incessantly screaming "KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!" That's why we post anonymously. We're humble.

@_date: 2002-02-23 15:49:51
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Re: Re: [Reformatted] Eugene Leitl want to ban 
>>I have no problem with nutcases, as long as they're not disruptive. You're
being disruptive to this list.<<
My 1st and only proof of this being 2189K attachments from you in my inbox? Where are the disruption rules and where's your authority to enforce them without warning.What about Choate!?
 >>I don't want you instituionalized. I just want you to behave borderline
normally on this channel.<<
I promised to do that several times now.I will even keep my number of posts under Choates if you like.Have you sent some of your sludgemail to him?
 >>Yes, it's public, not your private property. So stop dumping your trash
Where's the definition for trash? With the disruption statutes? I deny dumping trash anywhere.Where are the 24 8x10 color glossy photo's of this alleged cypherpunk restaurant  massacre?
 >>I try to track down and report spammers whenever it is possible. You're
fortunately not hard to track.<<
Dick tracy Uh? I'm not hard to track cos I'm not a spammer Dick.
 >>I don't give a damn about your death threats and profanity. Your ISP does:
"The customer must not use their Internet access to annoy, harass or harm
other Internet customers.
The customer must not use their Internet access for any unlawful purpose
or in any unlawful manner."
Clear enough? Shall I pull up a number of your posts which are in
violation of these rules you accepted when you signed up with your ISP?<<
If you accuse someone of something the modern practise is to produce some evidence,yes.You began with the EL penalty phase in fast forward.Yes tell us what laws I've broken.You've broken the,"The customer must not use their Internet access to annoy, harass or harm
other Internet customers."one.I asked you not to write to me and you re-sent uncalled for and very large attachments.
I don't know if what you did is "unlawful".I'm seeking advice on that.I trust your ISP has similar rules? Pull up your dick.
 >>I had to change my filtering rules thrice to block you. This means you're
not interested in being minimally disruptive, but actually trying to get
past people's rules. This won't do.<<
I repeat,"I deny altering adress's to avoid filtering and I can prove it."Your starting to sound like the Red Queen.
 >>Yes, you're absolutely innocent. Matt Taylor, keep up polluting this list,
and I'll personally pull up the choicest of your fewmets, and forward them
to your ISP.<<
They might ask why you didn't say anything when they went up,compare them with some others and laugh,then ask you why your sending me large e-mails with attachments after being asked not to.I'm innocent till proven guilty.
 >>Who's thinking Matt Taylor contributes valuable material to this list? A
show of hands? Yohn Young, perhaps?<<
So after punishing me you now want retrospective approvals signed? How will the bona fides of the voters be checked?
What's the Quorum? Where's the definition of "valuable material" again.I have responded to every crit of every post I have made.I am seeking to build the depth of understanding of the "anarchy" part of crypto-anarchy.I don't want C/punks led up some libertarian cul de sac.WTF is wrong with that?
 >>At some point you were contributing at least 10 posts in my inbox.<<
Not intentionally or directly,move for dismissal.
 >>Returning all your emails to you is a below the belt attack? Huh?<<
With 2189k attachments in multiples yes.Do you deny doing that now? (lets not forget CoinTelPro's are about.)
I am a relative newbie so I am being attacked,until I figure out a workaround I might have to repost the bounced posts.
Its coming winter so I'll have more time soon,real soon.

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:50:08
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: "the Bakunin of Brockwell Park, the Kropotkin of Camberwell 
In Lambeth, it makes sense to be an anarchist
I have long suspected that any Brixton policeman must be an anarchist to survive. Now I know for sure. The commander of the Lambeth Metropolitan Police Division has admitted it.
Londoners will know Commander Brian Paddick. He is a metropolitan celebrity. He has pioneered tolerance of recreational drug use, from realism as much as from conviction. Openly gay, his patronage of the Urban75 agitprop website has generated a burst of chatline threads, most of them adulatory and unique in police communication. Mr Paddick is no Dixon of Dock Green.
But an anarchist? Can a policeman seriously proffer an absence of law as a basis for social order? His signature, "Brian: the Commander", is explicit. "The concept of Anarchism has always appealed to me,"...MORE

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:39:36
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: New List," how to get the boss class to fight itself" 
This is a new unmoderated discussion list for activists and working people who are interesting in talking about labor, class, and work in the 21st century. As many of us know from daily experience, the nature of capitalism has dramatically changed from the last time a mass labor movement existed to challenge it. We have also seen the tremendous gains that the anti-capitalist movements have made in challenging and discrediting globalization and other new capitalist schemes. Despite the rhetoric about an alliance between Teamsters and Turtles, the techniques and methods of the new direct action movements have been slow to translate into the world of the workplace. Possible topics for discussion on this list: * working with and/or subverting traditional unions * the changing nature of capitalism * building solidarity networks * anti-sexist and anti-racist organizing within our struggle * new methods of organizing * workplace sabotage and subversion * using new forms of direct action in the workplace * creative methods of promoting class war * how to get the boss class to fight itself This list is for people who want to think outside of the box and throw everything on the table. This is not strictly an anarchist list--a multiplicity of views is encouraged. This list is not moderated, but you have to be a member to post to it. To subscribe: "...ironically, perhaps, the best organized dissenters in the world today are anarchists, who are busily undermining capitalism while the rest of the left is still trying to form committees." -- Jeremy Hardy, The Guardian (UK)

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:35:19
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Italian Indymedia update.Boycott spaggetti! 
THE ITALIAN JOB "In my opinion these raids were meant to intimidate some of the only independent media in the country. Now that Berlusconi has given more money to RAI, the Italian equivalent of the BBC, he has direct control or influence over 90% of Italian print and radio media, state owned or otherwise." - Indymedia spokesperson. On Wednesday morning, the Carabinieri (Italian paramilitary police) raided three social centres that were partly being used as offices for Indymedia. Two attorneys from Genoa gave the order for the nation-wide operation in which police seized computers, archives, and equipment as part of an ongoing enquiry investigating the events of last summers anti G8 protest in Genoa. The raid was meant to confiscate footage and info on the brutal police raid of two buildings during the protests (see SchNEWS 314/315). These were being used for accommodation, medical, media and legal services by protestors and the raids received international condemnation. Amnesty and the United Nations have each ordered independent enquiries into police conduct. One of the social centres raided was the Cobas Trade Union centre, which with over 10,000 members is the biggest of its kind in Italy. During the raids police confiscated over 160 hours of original video footage of the protests including film of the murder of Carlo Gulliani by police and the school raid. Two days ago Itallian Defence minister Skajola admitted that he did in fact give the order of 'shoot to kill' if any sizeable number of people moved into the red zone during the protests. A spokesperson from Indymedia told SchNEWS, "It's not likely that they will use the stuff they've nicked from Indymedia to properly investigate and try the police for murder and excessive violence. We reckon they'll just use it to identify and arrest more protestors...they already have loads of cctv footage of the protests, why else would they need ours too?" Indymedia was established in Seattle to cover the protests against the World Trade Organisation, and the idea has now spread across the world. In the Berlusconi controlled media world of Italy, Indymedia is one of the few independants - during the G8 demonstrations they were getting over one million hits a day. A demonstration will take place at the Italian embassy in London on Saturday. There will also be a demo in Rome on March, 16th.  Check out  for updates.
CRAP ARREST OF THE WEEK For sitting down... At a protest against the arrival of the nuclear submarine H.M.S. Vanguard to Plymouth Davenport Docks, a 62 year old granny was nicked for sitting down outside the base. After being held for six hours she was released, but as part of her bail conditions she is now banned from using the Tor Point ferry which is her mode of transport to get to Plymouth for shopping and the bank.

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:34:43
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Nestor Makhno,anarchist legend. 
The Nestor Makhno Archive has undergone an extensive update with the addition of many pages which previously were linked off-site together with many new additions. There are now 47 on-site documents in 14 different languages including the new Anarchist FAQ section on the Makhnovists. As always, additions in any language are gratefully received and the URL is, as ever:  In solidarity, NMcN.
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.
The Nestor Makhno Archive has undergone an extensive update with the
addition of many pages which previously were linked off-site together
with many new additions. There are now 47 on-site documents in 14
different languages including the new Anarchist FAQ section on the
Makhnovists. As always, additions in any language are gratefully received
and the URL is, as ever:
In solidarity, NMcN. "Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:33:55
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Pakistan peasants are revolting. 
AVIN' A PEASANT TIME During the 1970's a number of peasant struggles started in Pakistan, with the most successful and militant land-grab taking place in Hashtnangar, an area close to the Pakistan-Afghan border. Organised by the Mazdoor Kissan Party (MKP), the peasants were able to liberate the area from feudal land-owners, who had always brutally oppressed the poor with the full backing of the state. Since those days, Hashtnagar remains a liberated area despite several attempts by the state to evict the peasants, with nearly 300 people losing their lives in 30 years of conflict. Taking advantage of the "War-Against-Terrorism" hysteria, the Pakistani government is once again trying to take-over the lands of Hashtnagar. They also aim to retake Okkara, Khanewal, Sargodha and Pak-pattan in other parts of the country in order to reverse gains made by the peasant movement in Pakistan over the past 10 years.. On 22nd January, 3,500 police armed with guns, tear-gas shells, armoured vehicles and jeeps attacked the village. Tractors were used to destroy peasant crops. MKP party activists and students surrounded the armoured vehicles to stop them firing into the crowd. Police attacked another village several kilometers away in the hope that they would have an easier time of it since the men of the village weren't around. The peasant women attacked the convoy and again the police had to retreat. The same night police arrested a peasant leader called Gulab Gul. In retaliation peasants attacked a police convoy, capturing some police officers, before going on to raid the police station where Gul was being held. Peasants then threatened to burn down the police station if their leader was not released! The entire area was surrounded by police arresting people who hadn't even participate in the fighting. 16 arrests were made in total, 8 of which were of people so old they couldn't even walk properly without support. The situations is very tense and may erupt into full scale armed conflict at any time.

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:33:47
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Plenty of room at the hotel Kalifornia. 
We received word from Rob 'Ruckus' Middaugh, Anarchist Political Prisoner in the United States informing us that additional federal charges are going to placed against him. These charges are in addition to the previous charges relating from the Long Beach attacks by the police during a May Day march in 2001, where he was arrested and convicted to 3 years for assualt on a police officer. Apparently the FBI had an arrest warrent issued against Rob for an incident in Sacramento. He did not mention what that action was but what we do know is that the charges are the following: Forcibly assaulting a police officer (fedral charge), wearing a mask with intent to commit a crime (state charge), and weapons related charge (state charge). With these new charges, Middaugh could be facing 25 years to life due to what is known as the 3-strikes law in the state of California. Under this law, certain crimes are considered strikable offenses. When three or more of these crimes are committed by an individual that person can/will be sent to prison for 25 years to life. All charges that Robert Middaugh has received have been during political action. The first strike was during the protest against the Democratic National Convention where he was accused of being the leader of the Black Block. The second strike was during the Long Beach incident where he and 100 other anarchist were arrested during an attack by police on May Day. These new charges could add his third strike. No news has been received as to when his trial will happen but we will keep everyone informed as soon as we here. We encourage everyone to write to Rob and let him know he is supported!!!! You can write to Robert Middaugh at: Robert Middaugh T41137 PO Box 5000 Delano, CA 93216 For more information relating to Rob's case or the support for PP/POW's, Please write to: LA-ABCF PO BOX 3671 Anaheim, CA 92803 LA_blackcross

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:33:15
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Spain in the arse. 
SPAIN IN THE ARSE
"Terrorism is not only a group of commandos who act, but is a project
that tries to root itself in society, and to combat it, it is also
necessary to struggle against the social, economical, political and also
communication structures which support and nourish it" - Jaime Mayor
Oreha, Spanish Minister of Internal Affairs.
When Oreha spoke at the European Conference on Terrorism in Madrid in
January last year his government was already cracking down on Spanish
citizens' civil liberties; long before September 11th and the beginning
of an international 'war on terrorism'. In the past year alone, belonging
to the wrong political party, supporting prisoners, teaching the Basque
language, publishing books and records, editing a magazine, being in a
band, running a radio station, or simply being a journalist has become a
crime in Spain. There have been mass arrests with people taken to
isolation wards where they are often tortured then released a few days
later without charge. This targeting of Basque political activists has
now spread to anarchist and other radical movements, with raids and
arrests being part of a general clampdown.
        Euro nicked!
No surprises then to find that Spain is using its presidency of the
European Union to push forward radical proposals that would label
demonstrators at European summits 'terrorists'. The document, issued last
month to the European Working Party on Terrorism, states that they have
"noticed a gradual increase...in violence and criminal damage (at
anti-capitalist protests) orchestrated by radical extremist groups,
clearly terrorising society." The proposals go on to state that this 'new
breed' of terrorist menace are "organisations taking advantage of their
lawful status to aid and abet the achievement of terrorist groups' aims."
Post September 11th, the European Union agreed new legislation for
combating global terrorism, along with a European arrest warrant. The
Spanish proposals go further, asking for a more proactive EU wide
database to keep an eye on protestors. They reckon that this extension
"would provide a very helpful tool in preventing and, where appropriate,
prosecuting violent urban youthful radicalism, which is increasingly
being used as a cat's-paw by terrorist groups in order to achieve their
criminal aims."
But it's not just Spain that is widening the definition of terrorism; we
in the UK are 'fortunate' enough to be protected by some of the world's
toughest anti-terrorist legislation. Barrister Stephanie Harrison, from
the Campaign Against Criminalising Communities reckons that the Terrorist
Act 2000 (SchNEWS 268), alongside its even tougher little sister, the
Anti Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001 (see SchNews 331), are not
only criminalising dissent amongst the locals, but are a direct attack on
the rights of vulnerable groups - mainly immigrant communities.
Dr Ghayasuddin Siddiqui, Leader of the Muslim Parliament of Great Britain
told SchNEWS that the situation within the British Muslim and Arabic
community is becoming unbearable. "We are the target of this legislation
- there is a witch hunt going on - a fishing expedition... Innocent people
are being harassed, families are being disturbed, children traumatised...
there is a climate of fear in our community". And it doesn't stop there,
as new legislation allows instant internment, providing the police with
powers to detain people indefinitely without trial. Often based on the
most circumstantial of evidence, Asians and Muslims the length and breath
of this fair and pleasant land are finding themselves being detained
under this new legislation. Dr Siddiqui's message is clear "The whole
Muslim community is frightened, intimidated and traumatised; as a result
the people are not getting involved in community activities, and people
are asking 'is it worth it?'"
In January Yasadigimiz Vatan, a Turkish language socialist weekly
magazine had its last two issues confiscated by police who said it was
"property for the use of terrorism." Vatan has been distributed in the UK
for the past two years so what has changed? According to one of its
workers "The Terrorism Act 2000, which is not being used to fight
terrorism but to fight democrats and prevent press freedom in this
Estella Schmidt from the Kurdish National Congress (KNK) told us that as
far as UK based Kurds are concerned it is more a case of harassment than
actual detention. Demonstrators are constantly being filmed, and follow
up calls from police to homes of Kurds is commonplace often late at night
and unannounced."These people are not from this country, and despite
protesting innocently, and making it quite clear that they are not
supporting terrorists, they are still harassed by police - it is similar
to the way the Irish have been treated in the past."
As the Spanish example shows, it's not long before the authoritarian
finger starts pointing at anyone who dares to disagree. Raif, a lawyer
from Coalition Against the Terror Acts, told SchNEWS "With so much police
activity against refugees and Muslims, many people are becoming
complacent. This new document confirms exactly what we've been warning of
for ages. All effective dissent will be treated the same: you are either
with them or you are a terrorist and outlaw."
    * Coalition Against the Terror Acts c/o Haldane Society, Conway Hall,
      25 Red Lion Square, London WC1R 4RL           * To find out more about crack down in Spain
          * The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) is today mounting a legal
      challenge to its banning under the Terrorism Act 2000. The PKK are
      one of 21 political groups whose activities were outlawed under a
      Proscribed Organisations Order which came into effect in March last
      year. Peace in Kurdistan Campaign 020 7586 5892
    * On Wednesday people across America wore blue triangles to show
      support for the thousand plus people - mainly Arabs and Muslims -
      who have "disappeared" since September 11th. Many of those detained
      are being held on the basis of secret evidence - or no evidence at
      all. Prisoners are held without being allowed any contact with a
      lawyer, and the US government is refusing to reveal their
      identities, nationalities and whereabouts. To find out more go to:
          * For a list of anti terrorism events check out the party and protest
      section on our website.
Spanish captains on pirate longliners are poaching patagonian toothfish in southern waters.The fish are laundered through RSA's China.Fish and large seabird stocks expected to crash soon,real soon.
SPAIN IN THE ARSE
"Terrorism is not only a group of commandos who act, but is a
that tries to root itself in society, and to combat it, it is also
necessary to struggle against the social, economical, political and
communication structures which support and nourish it" - Jaime
Oreha, Spanish Minister of Internal Affairs.
When Oreha spoke at the European Conference on Terrorism in Madrid
January last year his government was already cracking down on
citizens' civil liberties; long before September 11th and the
of an international 'war on terrorism'. In the past year alone,
to the wrong political party, supporting prisoners, teaching the
language, publishing books and records, editing a magazine, being in
band, running a radio station, or simply being a journalist has become
crime in Spain. There have been mass arrests with people taken to
isolation wards where they are often tortured then released a few
later without charge. This targeting of Basque political activists
now spread to anarchist and other radical movements, with raids and
arrests being part of a general clampdown.
       Euro nicked!
No surprises then to find that Spain is using its presidency of the
European Union to push forward radical proposals that would label
demonstrators at European summits 'terrorists'. The document, issued
month to the European Working Party on Terrorism, states that they
"noticed a gradual increase...in violence and criminal damage
anti-capitalist protests) orchestrated by radical extremist groups,
clearly terrorising society." The proposals go on to state that this
breed' of terrorist menace are "organisations taking advantage of
lawful status to aid and abet the achievement of terrorist groups'
Post September 11th, the European Union agreed new legislation for
combating global terrorism, along with a European arrest warrant.
Spanish proposals go further, asking for a more proactive EU wide
database to keep an eye on protestors. They reckon that this
"would provide a very helpful tool in preventing and, where
prosecuting violent urban youthful radicalism, which is being used as a cat's-paw by terrorist groups in order to achieve
criminal aims."
But it's not just Spain that is widening the definition of terrorism;
in the UK are 'fortunate' enough to be protected by some of the
toughest anti-terrorist legislation. Barrister Stephanie Harrison,
the Campaign Against Criminalising Communities reckons that the
Act 2000 (SchNEWS 268), alongside its even tougher little sister,
Anti Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001 (see SchNews 331), are
only criminalising dissent amongst the locals, but are a direct attack
the rights of vulnerable groups - mainly immigrant communities.
Dr Ghayasuddin Siddiqui, Leader of the Muslim Parliament of Great
told SchNEWS that the situation within the British Muslim and community is becoming unbearable. "We are the target of this
- there is a witch hunt going on - a fishing expedition... Innocent
are being harassed, families are being disturbed, children
there is a climate of fear in our community". And it doesn't stop
as new legislation allows instant internment, providing the police
powers to detain people indefinitely without trial. Often based on
most circumstantial of evidence, Asians and Muslims the length and
of this fair and pleasant land are finding themselves being under this new legislation. Dr Siddiqui's message is clear "The
Muslim community is frightened, intimidated and traumatised; as a
the people are not getting involved in community activities, and
are asking 'is it worth it?'"
In January Yasadigimiz Vatan, a Turkish language socialist weekly
magazine had its last two issues confiscated by police who said it
"property for the use of terrorism." Vatan has been distributed
in the UK
for the past two years so what has changed? According to one of its
workers "The Terrorism Act 2000, which is not being used to
terrorism but to fight democrats and prevent press freedom in this
Estella Schmidt from the Kurdish National Congress (KNK) told us that
far as UK based Kurds are concerned it is more a case of harassment
actual detention. Demonstrators are constantly being filmed, and
up calls from police to homes of Kurds is commonplace often late at
and unannounced."These people are not from this country, and
protesting innocently, and making it quite clear that they are not
supporting terrorists, they are still harassed by police - it is
to the way the Irish have been treated in the past."
As the Spanish example shows, it's not long before the finger starts pointing at anyone who dares to disagree. Raif, a
from Coalition Against the Terror Acts, told SchNEWS "With so much
activity against refugees and Muslims, many people are becoming
complacent. This new document confirms exactly what we've been warning
for ages. All effective dissent will be treated the same: you are
with them or you are a terrorist and outlaw."
   * Coalition Against the Terror Acts c/o Haldane Society,
Conway Hall,
     25 Red Lion Square, London WC1R 4RL
   * To find out more about crack down in Spain
   * The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) is today mounting a
     challenge to its banning under the Terrorism Act
2000. The PKK are
     one of 21 political groups whose activities were
outlawed under a
     Proscribed Organisations Order which came into
effect in March last
     year. Peace in Kurdistan Campaign 020 7586
   * On Wednesday people across America wore blue triangles to
     support for the thousand plus people - mainly
Arabs and Muslims -
     who have "disappeared" since September
11th. Many of those detained
     are being held on the basis of secret evidence -
or no evidence at
     all. Prisoners are held without being allowed
any contact with a
     lawyer, and the US government is refusing to
reveal their
     identities, nationalities and whereabouts. To
find out more go to:
   * For a list of anti terrorism events check out the party
and protest
     section on our website.
Spanish captains on pirate longliners are poaching patagonian toothfish in southern waters.The fish are laundered through RSA's China.Fish and large seabird stocks expected to crash soon,real soon.

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:11:11
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] Eugene Leitl want to ban thoughtcrime 
>>Let's recapitulate. We have a downunder nutcase<<
You have to be an upover nutcase? Who banned nutcases? When? Where can I appeal?EL should know all about the soviet abuse of psychiatry.
  >>who's using this public resource for private dumping ground, <<
If its public it cant be private.It's not *dumping either.Has EL complained to one of the hard spam merchants here?
ALL the complainers and whingers were bested by me in debate that's easily  >>while posting *a lot* (including profanity and casual death threats, iirc) <<
A lot to you maybe but not in proportion to the noise.The fact I bested you in debate rankle? Profanity and casual death threats oh my! From an Australian! Gott in Himmel!
 >>and constantly changing his email address, thus avoiding filtering.<<
I have a meat addy and had to change my ISP recently,someone I vaguely remember making a fool of take's exception.
I'll try and stay with my present ISP to humor the lunatic but he now says he's complaining to my new ISP!
I deny altering adress's to avoid filtering and I can prove it.Proof of my alleged misdeeds looks thin to nonexistant.
  >>I don't propose the list policy to be changed, this particular forum should be unmoderated.<<
Gee thanks Adolf.
 >> However, complaining to Matt's ISP (whose terms he's clearly in violation with) <<
Que? I didn't start sending large unsolicited e-mails and continue after being asked to stop.EL has.JJ and lord high executioner.
 >>and some grassroot pressure (if there are 100 people on his list willing to send back each of his messages 10x, he's dealing with a 1000x amplification factor on each and single of his messages) seems to be in order. Does anyone see anything wrong with this plan? <<
Well as recipient I could mention the shoot first and ask questions later aspect.Then theres the fact that I only post material here I can rationalize as being of some interest to at least some of you.I'm not sabotaging the list and have promised to keep my posts in proportion to the *hard* spam.Eugene is a unilateralist,a cowboy and is risking a repeat of a previous failed policy.Like the president he should be killfiled.All the whingers about me on this list have been made fools of by me in legit debate so their motives in attacking me are suspect.Pure ad Hominen from such imbeciles means I won the debate,why do people hate a winner indeed.I appeal to the sweet reason of the list.
Until I figure out a way to counter this below the belt attack on me I shall be forced to return all EL's stuff to him and here by hand.I would appreciate any tech advice from other list members,TIA.Kill the president,matt T.

@_date: 2002-02-23 04:02:47
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Fwd: Dispatches from an English Colony with American Spy 
Spam courtesy of Eugene till I get a workaround.(or don't get a workaround:)

@_date: 2002-02-22 16:03:08
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: public key cryptography to be cracked in 2006 
CDR: public key cryptography to be cracked in 2006
As a qualified psychic I know this to be a factoid.I must add that Quantum encryption and untraceable e-cash will be perfected and widely available in 2005. Jim Bell,Chris Boyce and Leonard Peltier plus all the drug war prisoners will be released as crypto-anarchy comes in like a freight train.Send 50 US $ for an e-aura reading.Kthe P.matt.

@_date: 2002-02-22 15:56:54
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Dispatches from an English Colony with American Spy bases... 
"...The involvement of the American Central Intelligence Agency in the downfall of the Gough Whitlam Labor government in 1975 and CIA use of intelligence from the American Pine Gap spy facilities (in Australia) are a conveniently neglected part of Australian history.
"It is quite obvious that information was being leaked about ministers Rex O'Connor and Jim Cairns and some of it was being forged which is a standard CIA process." -- Former CIA Agent, Ralph McGehee.
"The Task Force 157 was a group set up by Henry Kissinger and it was set up in a quite strange way. It was a mini-CIA which was actually separate from the CIA and probably was set up by Kissinger so he could deny any connection between what the Task Force 157 was doing and the CIA." -- Former CIA Agent, Jerry Aaron.
"The concept of Task Force 157 seems to have been twofold: firstly, to set up operations against the Whitlam government. And secondly, to go ahead with using Australia as a base for certain clandestine US operations such as arms dealing and smuggling of contraband goods." -- Former CIA Agent, Jerry Aaron.
(Source -- Watching Brief, Public Radio News Services, Melbourne, Australia, October-November 1986.)
Kissinger was the American Secretary of State who advised...
"...Suharto on the eve of the invasion (of East Timor): "...it is important that whatever you do succeeds quickly." (but that) "...it would be better if it were done after we returned to the United States." -- Source: National Security Archive Electronic Briefing Book No. 62 Edited by William Burr and Michael L. Evans, December 6, 2001."Extract from ...

@_date: 2002-02-22 13:13:28
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Eugene Leitl ,Cryo me a river. 
>>Because Matt Taylor won't keep a single email address,<<
Is that the LAW? I changed ISP's because I had to,not because I wanted to.
  >>and thus making filtering him impractical,<<
If your an idiot sourkraut maybe,others may skip over my posts,big fucking deal.Go freeze your head.
  >>and because the cypherpunks list does not seem to encourage limits on communication <<
I've come across an attempt in early 97.EL might learn from the archives.(96 looks like the golden age so far.)
 >>I suggest returning every single message to him, whether manually, or via a procmail recipe. He stores information on cypherpunks archives,<<
Is THAT against some LAW? I had some info on my laptop and it was all stolen by the police because they said I was quoting from an ex list member so what better place to store info in those circumstances? I've promised to keep it proportional to "spam.".My standard response to complaints will be to ask if they've complained about some obvious SPAM.
  let us store a few large binaries in his inbox.<<
So I can route them backatcha? Go ahead punk,make my day.
"And the intellectuals still argue [about] whether Amerika is a fascist country.............." George Jackson, Blood in My Eye, Bantam Books, 1972, p. 101.

@_date: 2002-02-22 11:43:52
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: From the dingo hole. 
The problem is that from a purely scientific evolutionary point of
 >view, the human race is surely regressing, the masses of negative
 >evolutionary pressures are certainly pushing this way.
I doubt this in the strongest possible way.
Australia was populated by the common criminals of England, the louts and
scoundrels and thieves and murderers. (Perhaps some "political prisoners,"
but mostly common criminals.) And yet within a generation or two, Australia
was thriving, and today nobody would argue that the descendants of convicts
are dumb or backward.
We aren't changing the genome.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-19 09:17:51
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: EZ-Jackster, Assasination Politics, Michael Eisner, 
>>include a Bid-on-Michael-Eisner's-Death-Time&Method feature. Or members of his family. This feature should be named APDisney. "Be seeing you"
See your post,raise you 10$ pledge to Pay.(PtoP) Pony up niggah!
"For Anarchy to succeed, or simply advance toward its success,it must be conceived not only as a lighthouse that illuminates and attracts,but as something possible and attainable,not in centuries to come,but in a relatively short time,and without relying on miracles." Errico Malatesta.

@_date: 2002-02-19 02:00:51
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Anarchists debate.Infoshop. 
"...I am disturbed by the conservative tone of "Bakunin", who seems all about, as Bob Black said once, "venerat[ing] their victimized forebears with a morbid devotion which occasions suspicion that the anarchists, like everybody else, think the only good anarchist is a dead one." NEFAC, as well, troubles me in this respect with their near rabid defense of all things anarchist and 19th century (except the individualists, of course). Well, in case neither they nor "Bakunin" noticed, things are quite different now and, well, those revolutions failed. I do not enjoy seeing the role of anarchist as conservative played out like this.
Our role, as anarchists, is to carefully examine our history, look at its flaws and evaluate it in the context of the current situation. Has strict and formalized organization led to social revolution? No. Are these types of organizations subject to the same critique of power that political parties and states are? Yes. If we want a revolution that has a chance to survive, perhaps it's best to look around society and see what kinds of informal organization is already there and encourage and support those. Our revolution today is not going to look like the Spanish Revolution of '36 (except, hopefully, in the anti-work character of the working class). Those organizations, if they were ever relevant (and history suggests that they were not), are dinosaurs now.
Our role is not to force the working class into organizing along the lines of some anarchists tired concepts of organization. American workers have rejected both revolutionary unionism and its reformist counterpart. Let's not herd them back in. The political repression by the CNT on dissenters among the rank and file alone ought to caution against that.
As a short aside, I also recommend David F. Noble's "Progress Without People: In Defense of Luddism". Despite its name, it is a great history of workers autonomous, anti-organizational struggles within unions. This is a history we ought to be paying careful attention to because it's still being made all around us. It's just a little harder to see for those who rely on the Leftist habit of only recognizing revolt when its caged within parties, unions or federations.

@_date: 2002-02-19 01:35:42
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Guide to Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) destruction. 
METHODS OF ATTACK.
3.1) Plastic bag.
3.2) Sticker and tape.
3.3) Paint gun.
3.4) Laser pointer.
3.5) Cable cutting.
3.6) Block drop.
METHODS OF ATTACK.
3.1) Plastic bag.
3.2) Sticker and tape.
3.3) Paint gun.
3.4) Laser pointer.
3.5) Cable cutting.
3.6) Block drop.

@_date: 2002-02-19 01:26:57
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Anti-Censorship Peek-A-Booty goes public 
Source: Peek-A-Booty, cDc's much vaunted anonymity app, is vaporware no more - it went public at the landmark CodeCon conference in San Francisco's DNA Lounge on Sunday.
Peek-A-Booty is designed to let surfers access sites blocked by government restrictions, and is essentially, a distributed proxy network. It uses a peer-to-peer model, masking the identity of each node. This means the user can route around censorship that blocks citizens' access to specific IP addresses, because the censor doesn't know they're going there. MORE
Speaking of booty,don't forget seymore Butts,Tampa tushy fest case coming up.FREE BUTTS!kill the president.pr.
Peek-A-Booty, cDc's much vaunted anonymity app, is vaporware no more - it went public at the landmark CodeCon conference in San Francisco's DNA Lounge on Sunday. Peek-A-Booty is designed to let surfers access sites blocked by government restrictions, and is essentially, a distributed proxy network. It uses a peer-to-peer model, masking the identity of each node. This means the user can route around censorship that blocks citizens' access to specific IP addresses, because the censor doesn't know they're going there. MORE
Speaking of booty,don't forget seymore Butts,Tampa tushy fest case coming up.FREE BUTTS!kill the president.pr.

@_date: 2002-02-19 01:19:52
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Censored cartoonist speaks 
Legal charges against Independent Media Center Switzerland aroused some 1 - How long will IMC Switzerland remains "independent"?
2 - Is it really possible to carry on a project of a TRUE independent media?
3 - How to fight external censorship against IMC?
4 - How to fight INTERNAL censorship?
5 - In what is based editorial criteria of IMC to "hidden" hatred posts?
6 - Is IMC able to determine what is criticism to Israel policy and what is anti-Semitism?

@_date: 2002-02-23 23:11:57
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: RE: Toward a new American revolution. 
>>>  That's about "2 peso's worth" of sabotage. That's not real sabotage<<
Hey it includes gems like making martyrs out of your leaders.(candygram for Mongo?) I'm to lazy to write my own anyway.It's like a "poor mans Austin Powers," I guess.Tell us the good stuff auntie aimee?
 >>Loosen up, people. :-]
Yeah,crack some more 'Joshua' jokes,we're all grown ups here and its a free  >>I think this is one of the reasons we have been caught unprepared -- most people have no idea about the nature, and sophistication, of a sabotage campaign. What you see in the media is somewhat misleading.
Do you carry KY jelly like ~Justine? Still in your country today there are laws that outlaw oral sex and anal sex between husband and wife.
 >>I haven't seen any calls to revisit the sabotage statutes (we did in the
70s), and they are screaming for it.
I was screaming to Sabbath bloody Sabbath.You don't look anything like Sabrina johnson do ya luv?
That's about "2 peso's worth" of sabotage. That's not real sabotage<<
Hey it includes gems like making martyrs out of your leaders.(candygram for Mongo?) I'm to lazy to write my own anyway.It's like a "poor mans Austin Powers," I guess.Tell us the good stuff auntie aimee?
Yeah,crack some more 'Joshua' jokes,we're all grown ups here and its a free country,right? Do you carry KY jelly like ~Justine? Still in your country today there are laws that outlaw oral sex and anal sex between husband and wife.
70s), and they are screaming for it.
I was screaming to Sabbath bloody Sabbath.You don't look anything like Sabrina johnson do ya luv?

@_date: 2002-02-23 20:45:22
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: RE: Toward a new American revolution. 
jamesd and aimeef; the abyss talking to the abyss.You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being.Malcom "by any memes necessary,"X.
 >>In response to the racist, nationalist, and fascist ideology > of the Sandinistas, the Contras were multiculturalist and > internationalist. <<
A or J? Does it matter? Well it does give the nigger in the woodpile a chance to chip in his 2 peso's worth.See...
Mucho gusto ideaoro's for sticking it up Uncle Sam.Turn about is the fairest of fair play.Who said?
I just want loose shoes, tight pussy, and a warm place to shit,and, "On the Internet no one knows you're a nigger."
Answers on the back of a stamp to Mongo.
A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims, and he wears their face and their garments, he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear. -- Marcus Tullius Cicero 42 BC
With the traitors you've had lately you shouldn't survive much longer.Phweah! You smell 3 days gone already.
jamesd and aimeef; the abyss talking to the abyss.You don't have to be
a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent
human being.Malcom "by any memes necessary,"X.
of the Sandinistas, the Contras were multiculturalist and >
internationalist. <<
A or J? Does it matter? Well it does give the nigger in the woodpile a
chance to chip in his 2 peso's worth.See...
Mucho gusto ideaoro's for sticking it up Uncle Sam.Turn about is the
fairest of fair play.Who said?
I just want loose shoes, tight pussy, and a warm place to shit,and,
"On the Internet no one knows you're a nigger." Answers on the back of a stamp to Mongo.
A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot
survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable,
for he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves
amongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through
all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the
traitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his
victims, and he wears their face and their garments, he appeals to the
baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a
nation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the
pillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no longer
resist. A murderer is less to fear. -- Marcus Tullius Cicero 42 BC With the traitors you've had lately you shouldn't survive much
longer.Phweah! You smell 3 days gone already.

@_date: 2002-02-22 09:56:54
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Toward a new american revolution. 
"...approximately three percent
of Americans now feel that armed struggle against the state would be That may not sound like a lot when viewed on its own but a look at the historical evidence provides some interesting insights. When the American colonists declared independence in 1776 ( the actual war of revolution had begun a year earlier) only five percent of the two and a half million
colonists actually favored secession from the British Empire. By the time
independence had been won seven years later, nearly a third of the people
had come to favor independence with another third remaining loyal to the
crown and yet another third being neutral. Only sixty thousand persons,
about two and a half percent of the population of the colonies, actually
participated in the revolutionary effort itself...."End Extract.

@_date: 2002-02-23 12:25:58
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Re: Was Pearl Sacrificed by the Patriotic WSJ? 
Our friend the angel of Lompoc has his throat cut by degree's everyday,when is this mild bunch going back for him?

@_date: 2002-02-23 04:30:26
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: [Reformatted] EuroNazis want to ban thoughtcrime 
>>LONDON (Reuters) - Authors of emails and Internet postings that > contain racist or xenophobic material may face criminal charges under > a proposed European treaty that is dividing the Internet and law > enforcement communities. <<
How about ANY material euronazi Eugene leitl doesn't like on this list?
 >>From: Eugene.Leitl (Eugene Leitl)
Reply-To: cypherpunks
Sender: owner-cypherpunks

@_date: 2002-02-25 21:00:11
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Re: Chinese Gestapo experience home. 
> This is not to make light of your forces
Cypherpunk forces? That includes, I presume, Mattd, CJ Parker, Jim Bell, Detwiler? Hmm. -Declan
She's on mescalin,fergeddaboudit.I'd be honored to be included in the Dalton gang even though Saint Jims in Lompoc.CJ cant write right now,(thanks perhaps with some help from peter Trei,peter?) and I'm expecting charges,(only 9 months late!)
I'm data-mining the archive since 95 and haven't picked up any significant Det stuff.I heard he took a strong dislike to Mongo so he cant be all bad,right? (He may have gone a little OTT going by hearsay.)
I've just struck the Vulis exorcism of 97,something a few here may need reminding of.(hint,I might change my address soon,real soon.)
If there are cypherpunk forces should they include a member that has urged self censorship? One that is a bit of a blabbermouth on occasion? One that carelessly attacked fellow list member measl? and seth? One who acts as shill for psuedo-scientific shitemeisters from the CATO Institute? One so politically naive as to be almost useless? While still a big fan of declan (Mc Manus) the more I see of you mate...sorry.Theres less to you than meets the eye.

@_date: 2002-02-25 18:36:07
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Chinese Gestapo experience home. 
>>As you seek to undermine the security and integrity of the U.S. Government, perhaps that is a subject worthy of your attention. <<
Hey,its the only superpower left.If RSA want to die with them its no skin off my dick.(Its a longie.)
 >>Where Japan couldn't, China can. <<
By tagteaming it with all the other "evil ones"and using knockoff cruise missile and spy plane tech,it not only can,it will.Sayonara robocop!  >>You insult the sacrifices of the greatest of men <<
Watch yo'talkin 'bout willis! The Chicago martyrs?,Sacco and Vanzetti? National borders are not even road humps (like you) in this space.Fuck your "countries".read some archives you slovenly bitch.You insult everyones ->>- from both our countries.This is not to make light of your forces, which are some of the greatest fighting men the world has ever known, like 2/2 Company. ~Aimee<<
"The only thing more wicked than the urge to command is the will to obey." Suck my dick aimee,straight after I pull it out of ~justines arse.See Tampa tushy fest 1 and take out your falsies first,"kill the president" pr.

@_date: 2002-02-27 18:28:56
@_author: matt taylor 
@_subject: Michael Dell needs killfiling. 
>> " It seems someone in Dell had already canceled my order, when I asked why I was told Dell was afraid I was going to use the machine for illegal purposes... <<
Praise Allah,the Sheik and all the beautiful martyrs for flushing out the rats of US crapitalism.They can expect harsh justice faster than meteor strike.And the intellectuals still argue [about] whether Amerika is a fascist country.............." George Jackson, Blood in My Eye, Bantam Books, 1972, p. 101. Surrounded by Moslem maniacs on one side and Christian maniacs on the other, the wise Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."The victoria police may be using a stolen dell to entrap an honest 'punk,all illegal posts are down to them,stand on me.Killthepresident,pr.M.Dell? "Id buy that for a dollar!"
" It seems someone in Dell had already canceled my order, when I
asked why I was told Dell was afraid I was going to use the machine for
illegal purposes... <<
Praise Allah,the Sheik and all the beautiful martyrs for flushing out the
rats of US crapitalism.They can expect harsh justice faster than meteor
strike.And the intellectuals still argue [about] whether Amerika is a
fascist country.............." George Jackson, Blood in My Eye,
Bantam Books, 1972, p. 101. Surrounded by Moslem maniacs on one side and
Christian maniacs on the other, the wise Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah]
preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to
aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in
exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and
preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most
exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."The victoria police may be
using a stolen dell to entrap an honest 'punk,all illegal posts are down
to them,stand on me.Killthepresident,pr.M.Dell? "Id buy that for a

@_date: 2002-02-27 20:12:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Enjoying anal sex in Boston. 
Signs of Intelligence: Massachusetts Supreme Court Eases Up On Sodomy
posted by Disgusted samrolken on Feb. 22, 2002
22 comments from readers [ post! ]
It's hoped that this will give less power to law enforcement to be prejudiced against homosexuals...
In a decision welcomed historic by gay civil rights groups, Massachusetts's Supreme Court made a change in the existing sodomy laws. They ruled that those who engage in "sodomy" (thanks to Gregster, we know that they really mean anal sex, but are just confused with their terminology) in "semipublic places" cannot be prosecuted as long as they try to keep it private.
On one hand, I disagree with this ruling. Personally, I'd kinda prefer that such things be a little more private than "semipublic". However, as this ruling puts gays and straights on a little more equal ground regarding where and what they can do, it narrowly wins as a sign of intelligence.
The news article has plenty of opinions by people like GLAD and the Catholic Action League of Massachusetts. I won't quote them here because you can read it at boston.com.FROM You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being.Malcom "by any memes necessary,"X.
Signs of Intelligence: Massachusetts Supreme Court Eases Up On
posted by Disgusted samrolken on Feb.
22, 2002
22 comments from readers [
post! ] It's hoped that this will give less power to law enforcement to be
prejudiced against homosexuals...
In a decision welcomed historic by gay civil rights groups,
Massachusetts's Supreme Court made a change in the existing sodomy laws.
They ruled that those who engage in "sodomy" (thanks to
Gregster, we know that they really mean anal sex, but are just confused
with their terminology) in "semipublic places" cannot be
prosecuted as long as they try to keep it private. On one hand, I disagree with this ruling. Personally, I'd kinda prefer
that such things be a little more private than "semipublic".
However, as this ruling puts gays and straights on a little more equal
ground regarding where and what they can do, it narrowly wins as a sign
of intelligence. The news article has plenty of
opinions by people like GLAD and the Catholic Action League of
Massachusetts. I won't quote them here because you can read it at
You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is
to be an intelligent human being.Malcom "by any memes

@_date: 2002-02-28 15:28:07
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Michael Dell's statement about suspicious orders 
>>What to brace for are more incidents which will justify a united front of government and corporate assault on civil liberties...<<
These may be manufactured quite easily,agent provocateurs have a long hirstory in anarchism.Oddly the more the MILIND strive for security the faster it slips through their fingers.Stasi east germany and the old South africa had state of the art security backed up by state terror yet they collapsed like a house of cards.The modern State is so brittle it's threatened by 000's and 111's.That's all I've used to attack it,its cost me a few hundred $ and cost them Thousands and thousands.Civil liberties,that is basic human and civil rights,are best defended by "the force more powerful'.Solidarity,peaceful,massive civil disobedience,disruption,resistance,sabotage,boycotts,strikes will all be required soon.The entire Eastern Bloc fell, almost bloodlessly, in a couple weeks, because one by one everybody realized that all that's sometimes required is to finally stand up and be counted, and to just say no to the government. When the time was right, all it took was a slight push.Now we have modern encryption there is simply no excuse for more authoritarian,hierachic power structures dictating the music.Our struggle is to encourage people to dissolve power and return it to the hands of humanity. What people do with that power is out of our hands. It is very important that people are critical of all decisions made via direct democracy and anarchy, but we will be powerless to stop it, if ultimately, that is what people choose. Now, I have enough faith in humanity that people will not come to a consensus which destroys humanity. This is why I'm comfortable with APster, and what anarchist societies will ultimately do with technology.

@_date: 2002-03-30 08:56:35
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Shrubs soft cop,sally satel and her "fortress of medicine(!)" 
WARNING: THIS DRIVES PSYCHIATRISTS SALLY
SATEL AND E. FULLER TORREY REALLY CRAZY!
For some reason multi-cultural and anti-racism
work by psychiatric survivors and mental
health consumers especially infuriates
Drs. Satel and Torrey, right in their fortress.
They may want to try some peer support.
Check out two PDF documents on the MINDFREEDOM
web site about African American and Native
Peoples in the psychiatric system.
 BRIEF ALERTS NEWS: Human Rights in Mental Health.
Please redistribute. To unsubscribe see bottom.
March 29, 2002 - MINDFREEDOM EXCLUSIVE
PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH IS REPORTEDLY
ABOUT TO APPOINT PSYCHIATRIST/AUTHOR
SALLY SATEL TO A FEDERAL ADVISORY BOARD
SATEL OPENLY OPPOSES THE HUMAN
RIGHTS MOVEMENT OF PSYCHIATRIC
SURVIVORS AND MENTAL HEALTH CONSUMERS
SATEL TELLS "PATIENTS" TO KEEP OUT OF
HER "FORTRESS OF MEDICINE"!
BUSH PROPOSAL FOR IMMEDIATE "TERMINATION"
OF MENTAL HEALTH CONSUMER TECHNICAL
ASSISTANCE CENTERS IS STILL A THREAT
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- President Bush is about to
appoint extremist psychiatrist Sally Satel to the
advisory board of the USA Center for Mental Health
Services, according to several reliable sources.
Satel is an American Enterprise Institute
psychiatrist whose own web site, book, interviews
and speeches directly attack the very idea of
mental health consumers and psychiatric survivors
organizing for self-determination and their human rights.
INSIDE SALLY SATEL'S "FORTRESS OF MEDICINE."
What's Dr. Satel's plan, instead? She promotes the
involuntary psychiatric drugging of thousands of
more Americans, including Americans living out in
the community in their own homes. Satel also feels
we should be called "patients." And that we should be
kept out of what she calls her "fortress of medicine."
[Actual phrase on Satel's own web site home page.]
The reports of Satel's pending appointment comes
on the heels of Bush's recently-proposed budget
that calls for immediate 100 percent "termination" of
mental health consumer technical assistance (TA) centers.
News update: A hoped-for one-year reprieve on the
"termination" of TA center funding was quickly withdrawn
by the USA Office of Management and Budget on a
"technicality," according to a spokesperson for one
of the TA Centers. The Bush administration is still
proposing immediate 100 percent "termination."
For more news and what actions *you* can take see:

@_date: 2002-03-30 08:43:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: You gotta fight...for your right,to be LAZY! 
"Jehovah the bearded & angry god, gave his worshipers
the supreme example of ideal laziness; after six days of
work, he rests for all eternity."
 Paul LaFargue's The Right to be Lazy
1976 - Organized Crime?: FBI, largest & highest US police
agency, discloses it burglarized the Socialist Party 92+
times between 1960 & 1966.
1979 - US: A Three Mile Island cooling unit fails, leading
to a meltdown that uncovers the reactor's core. Amid the
worst nuclear disaster in U.S. history, it will take
Pennsylvania authorities three days to advise pregnant
women & children to evacuate. Thousands will flee the
Harrisburg area. The men -- apparently born macho
mutants -- hang around for their daily dose.
"No nuclear reactor is an island."
1983 - Argentina: 96% of the workers out on strike; junta
1790 - Marquis de Sade freed by "demand of the people,"
1935 - Clement Duval dies. Anarchist illegalist, member of
"La panthhre des Batignolles," sentenced to death by a French
court for burglary (in which a policeman was wounded trying
to apprehend him).
His sentence was commuted to
life. Duval spent 14 years in Guyana where he attempted
over 20 escapes. Finally, on April 14, 1901, he made good his
escape & after a two year sojourn slipped into New York
City, where he lived until age 85.
1943 - Spain: Nine members of the "Juventudes libertarias"
(anarchist youths) an underground group opposing the
fascist military takeover, are arrested & garroted at the
"Modelo" prison. They are just a few of the tens of
thousands who meet a similar fate in the
first years of the Franco dictatorship.

@_date: 2002-03-30 08:23:07
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Battle of fort wackenhutt. 
Battle rages back and forth,some remain free.See melbourne.for full coverage.Youse too can help...
Jake Day declared on Wackenhut
by (:~)  Monday March 11, 2002 at 07:55 PM
This April the first the Discordian community will be serving a Jake to
Wackenhut, one of the largest (in)Security Companies in the world. This is
specifically in coordination with the upcoming protest over Easter
This April the first the Discordian community will be serving a Jake to
Wackenhut, one of the largest (in)Security Companies in the world. This is
specifically in coordination with the upcoming protest over Easter, outside
one of their "Detention" facilities at Woomera in the Australian desert,
where refugees are kept like animals awaiting the whim of Phillip Ruddock
(Minister for Cruelty). For more info: For the uninitiated, Jake Day involves sending various forms of communique
(fax, telephone, mail, email etc) of a fun, or prankish manner to the
organisation concerned. The emphasis is on fun and humour rather than mere
More from

@_date: 2002-03-29 09:37:33
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Society of the spectacle makes a spectacle of itself. 
Media's in depth look at the media looking at the new media.
   NEWS, VIEWS AND A SILICON VALLEY DIARY

@_date: 2002-03-29 09:18:52
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: My trial,your funeral. 
Bloody hard to run a forum in Sweden - Lawyer speaks
By Mikael Pawlo
Posted: 28/03/2002 at 15:59 GMT
(Mikael Pawlo is Associate, Advokatfirman Lindahl, working with Internet
law issues for Aftonbladet Nya Medier.
In a recent ruling by the district court of Stockholm, the publisher of the
Swedish daily Aftonbladet was found guilty of hate speech and sentenced to
a conditional sentence and fines. An anonymous user in a moderated forum on
the Aftonbladet web site uttered the hate speech.
It has been debated whether the speech was removed from the forum quickly
enough or not, but that is an issue not dealt with in this case. According
to the court the crime was committed immediately upon publication.
The legal situation in Sweden regarding freedom of speech on the Internet
is ambiguous. According to the laws regulating freedom of speech, the
publisher has a strict accountability for everything published in his
paper. Only during extreme circumstances should the publisher escape
accountability. When it comes to the Internet, the publisher of a web forum
can be held accountable if he is a registered publisher and works
for a media company.
All serious media companies in Sweden have a registered publisher for their
Internet editions. In the popular debate, it is often argued that the
accountability of the publisher should be
different depending on whether moderation is made before or after the
If the moderation is made after publication, the publisher should -
according to this line of reasoning - never be held accountable for the
speech published in the Internet forums. The law of freedom of expression
does not deal with this particular issue, and while there are no precedents
it is hard to tell with certainty what the law is. However, for commercial
and ethical reasons, few serious publishers would run an
un-moderated forum. Without moderation, the forums for a major publication
like Aftonbladet would contain massive amount of hate speech.
Why is this a problem? Should not the publisher be accountable for the web
edition in the same fashion he is responsible for the printed edition? You
could argue that a responsible publisher should not publish irresponsible
content, like hate speech. However, such an approach will carry some
negative aspects. This will inevitably lead to a situation where the free
speech aspects of the Internet are not embraced.
A publisher can easily edit five pieces submitted to an editorial or
opinion section in a printed edition, but he can not possibly edit 5.000
pieces submitted to the same section online. At least not if he will be
held strictly accountable for everything published.
Hence, this will lead to a more restrictive policy
on what will be published on the Internet. The 5,000 pieces can not be
published, since they need thorough editing. The debate among peers will
die or move to other forums, not run by serious and established
publishers. From an economical viewpoint, media companies aiming at a
higher standard for their forums through moderation will not be able to run
open forums in the same fashion non-media companies may. This will
create asymmetries in the market place. It is a side issue, but the all
companies running forums on the Internet should compete on the same terms,
notwithstanding legal technicalities.
I do not think the district court ruling was wrong in legal terms. However,
I think we need to consider the legal realities of Internet publication.
Maybe the law needs to be changed in order to preserve freedom of speech on
the Internet.
To me it makes sense to make every user responsible for his or her speech
combined with notice and takedown legislation. This will ultimately lead
to a situation where Internet anonymity can not be preserved. However, the
publisher should only disclose the identity of a user in extreme cases of
hate speech and other legally defined harmful content. The publisher should
be held liable upon non-removal of hate speech upon notification.
Notice and takedown policies are very hard to deal with in practice. A
publisher facing a notice and takedown challenge will in most cases remove
the content in question in order to escape responsibility. However, a
serious publisher can distinguish between non-contentious notices and
unreasonable notices. If the media companies and their publishers are held
accountable for everything published in their web forums we will soon face
an Internet where the possibility of a widened debate has been seriously
damaged by law. Let us grasp the uniqueness of the Internet before it is
gone. The Internet is not a newspaper. .
Yeah right...and C/punks is not a

@_date: 2002-03-29 02:48:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: au federal police move into healthcare 
Despite threats of violence, resistance both inside and out remains strong
On a day that was marked by threats of violence against detainees at the Woomera Detention Centre by ACM, the Woomera2002 campsite began setting up across the road from the Federal Police and ACM roadblock which leads to the Detention Centre. The Area Administrator for Woomera attempted to get protesters to move to a location several kilometres futher away. Protesters decided to hold their ground, bolstered by a group of children yelling 'Feedom', who were driven into the Detention Centre. After some discussions to address environmental concerns, the Australian Protective Services (APS - the Federal Police) decided that they would no longer negotiate with the protesters. Protesters were told that they had to move to the location designated by the Woomera Area Administrator. Protesters refused to move. The APS then moved in and dismantled the Indymedia and the First Aid tents, after which they retreated. As of 8pm Thursday evening, protesters decided to stand their ground and stay the night.
LATE BREAKING NEWS: Just after 11pm, the APS moved in again. They tried to make a number of arrests, but were unable to do so.
Breaking audio report from the camp site as police tear down the tents.
Mid-day report on the camp
Morning report on the camp
Actions planned accross the contry on Friday
Message of solidarity from Japan
Solidarity action in Scotland
online participation in woomera2002
[ woomera2002 ]
   specifically

@_date: 2002-03-28 13:54:51
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: virtual people smuggler,(cybersnakehead?) 
The Virtual People Smuggler [ - as
is the case with 'people smuggling' generally - arose out of the need and
desire to cross borders. In the first instance, to cross the borders of
various noborder events and protests themselves, to create a space which was
an adequate expression of the movements for the freedom of movement.
Confined neither by geopolitical limits nor the standard aesthetics of
protests, the Virtual People Smuggler pays tribute to the chatrooms, spoof
sites, weblogs, online gaming, independent media as virtual, vital and,
therefore, actual moments in the crossing of borders. In other words, as the
experience encountered by people as they log in to virtual communities which
are unrestrained by national borders, and also, thereby, as one of the forms
in which protests (especially noborder protests and events) can and do
Crossing the distinction between 'virtual' and 'actual' (which denies the
experience of virtual communities and communication as real, as both
effective and affective), as well as celebrating the desire for freedom of
movement (which results not only in clandestine travel arranged by
people-smugglers in order to cross geopolitical borders, but also gave rise
to the most successful salespitch for internet software), the Virtual People
Smuggler asks, "Where do you want to go today?"
destination :: woomera
the first installment of the virtual people smuggler will take you to
woomera (australia), where - during the easter weekend of 2002 - a protest
festival will address a number of issues that are highlighted in this remote
town in the desert of southern australia: internment of sans papier,
indigenous struggles for land rights, uranium mining, missile testing, toxic
waste dumping, and military surveillance.
virtual people smuggler: woomera2002:

@_date: 2002-03-27 15:54:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchogeek 
"...It's important to understand technology has having grown to hold tremendous power over the functioning of society. This technology is not some neural force that simple is driven down the narrow and linear path of progress. Technology is a social production and the result of many conflicting factors and forces. It has come to take on a quality of a legal and judicial system, the laws which define the world through which the possible is demarcated. (Lessig) A famous example of this is the conflict between the legal conception of copyright and property and file sharing systems such as gnutella. The legal system says that the social ownership of music is strictly forbidden but multitude has created technological systems that make the legal system impotent. This transformation of the functioning of power has profound implications for the possibility of liberation. Instead of needing to seize or eliminate the power of capital and the state there is the possibility that we can create the world where their power ceases to be centrally relevant..."FROM
"...In the past the struggle for liberation was over who controls the legal system, which was often determined by who had the potential to exert actual or potential coercive force. Today we are seeing a shift to where to a greater extent the level and form of technology is defining the power dynamics and outcomes of social conflict..."AND
"...The existence of the internet and almost all the software which has driven the libratory parts of the information revolution were developed out of the free software school. The most complicated and diverse technological communication system in human history could never have been created by proprietary corporate model of development. This is our fundamental advantage when we struggle against corporations over the creation of the technological infrastructure that will underpin society in the era of "...It is through the development of new technology, creatively pushing the cutting edge in directions that undermine the existing power structures, that the real potential radical power of technology can be realized.
My work as an activist is to create and get activists and social movements to use the communications and information technology more effectively than those who want to horde the wealth of our planet and society in the hands of a small elite.

@_date: 2002-03-27 14:33:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Declan fired 
Robot reporter puts a new spin on things
Wanted: aggressive war correspondent with interview skills, satellite phone. Mobility required in hostile, rugged terrain. Pay: None. Solar panels a plus. Full report  Stricken by poverty and corruption, Tonga has always been forced to be It has sold passports to Hong Kong businessmen, claimed ownership of sought-after satellite broadcasting locations in space, and officially switched time zones to be the first country to welcome the new millennium. Now it plans to establish itself as the hub of the potentially lucrative market in space tourism.
InterOrbital Systems, a Californian company, says it has reached agreement with the Tongan Government to use one of the 170 islands, Eua, to launch rockets taking tourists into orbit at a cost of $US2 million ($3.8 million) a head for week-long trips, beginning in 2005.
This week it announced its first customer: Wally Funk, a 62-year-old Texan woman who trained with the astronauts in the United States's Mercury program but was not sent into outer space. "When I was rejected by the Mercury program, I knew one day I'd be a paying passenger," she said. Her ticket buys 60 days of training in a "resort setting", followed by the holiday of a lifetime in InterOrbital's Neptune Orbital Spaceliner craft.
"It will be capable of placing two astronaut-pilots and four astronaut-tourists into ... orbit for a period of up to seven days," InterOrbital says.
The reusable rockets InterOrbital is developing can be launched at sea or from a land-based space port.
Frank Sietzen, president of the Space Transportation Association, which foresees an eventual space-tourism income of $US10-20 billion a year, said that a ticket income of $US8 million a flight was unlikely to pay for the required technology.
"The only viable space tourism at the moment is riding the Russian Soyuz, and the price for that is more than $US20 million." That was the amount paid by the first, and so far the only space tourist, the US millionaire Dennis Tito, last April.

@_date: 2002-03-27 09:52:34
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Just a naughty boy. 
Thank you for your email. I am on leave until April 8.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, March 27, 2002 3:58 PM
Sent to declan McCulaghs 'Politech' today.
contstable Nic Conte...they both claim to know nothing about computers.He
will pass on information,though,like,that an extradition order may be
enforced against me, should it be proven that threat(s) against the
president could be traced to me.The US SS could be granted a special
warrant to arrest me,David said.(I would imagine the locals would find
something to arrest me for and handball me on in practise.)
The US SS is claiming enforcement rights to the net,I am claiming free
speech rights to entertainment journalism.
Politech readers may want to know how the SS propose to trace a shifting IP
adress and link it to a specific threat to
I've informed Dave that I believe the State police might have 'cloned'
me.Either that or criminal(s) have accessed the notebook storage area where
my old dell is,(the vic police drug squad has well known security issues.)
Someone has been
spoofing me at indy and cypherpunk sites,a rogue hawaiin SS agent perhaps?
This is one for the Net-Force...or net farce.
I dont think they get monty python in the states,somehow.

@_date: 2002-03-26 16:19:16
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: 96 straight hours with the secret police. 
ASIO 'anti-terrorist' laws in the sausage casing stage.
"...Treason against fundamental human and civil rights should be punishable by instant death."I'd buy that for a dollar!"Long live the Internet, the greatest enabler of free speech in hirstory.
"Free thought, necessarily involving freedom of speech &
press, I may tersely define thus: no opinion a law --
no opinion a crime."
---Alexander Berkman "

@_date: 2002-03-26 16:12:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Clement Duval sentenced this day.(the best of the Bleed) 
"Theft exists only through the exploitation of man by man...when Society
refuses you the right to exist, you must take it...the policeman arrested
me in the name of the Law, I struck him in the name of Liberty
1911 -- US: Triangle Shirt Waist Fire.
The Triangle Shirt Waist Company, occupying the top floors of
a 10-story building in New York, is consumed by fire. 147 people,
mostly women & young girls, age 13 to 23, working in sweatshop
conditions, lost their lives.
1966 -- US: Demonstrations & Vietnam War protests today
through the 27th. 25,000 march down Fifth Ave, NYC. Others
occur in seven US cities & seven foreign cities.
"They too were storming heaven -- do
you think they fought in vain; that
because they lost a battle they would
never rise again; that the man with the
leaflets, the woman with a gun, did not
have a daughter, did not have a son?"
 Hugo Dewar

@_date: 2002-03-25 13:54:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: More arachnid news 
"...the growth of broadband services, allowing fast transmission of large amounts of data, and the trend towards remote storage, presented new challenges to police.
Computers operated by internet users dabbling in child pornography would potentially be left free of any evidence of illegal activity because images would not be stored on the local hard drive.
Mr Berwick said an internet-based discussion facility, called newsgroups, was where most of the web's sexual deviants could be found.
But another facility, internet relay chat (IRC), allowing internet users to hold discussions in various channels covering a range of topics, was what most sex offenders used to prey on children.
"The chat channels are without a shadow of a doubt the most dangerous place on the internet, particularly for children," Mr Berwick said.
Meanwhile, his ACPR colleague, Commander Barbara Etter, said internet cafes could potentially become a major hurdle in tackling cybercrime.
She said the issue of users' anonymity made it difficult to link a person to a particular computer that had been used to commit a crime..."FROM

@_date: 2002-03-25 11:22:31
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: FOUND! A decent "group of lawyers." 
"I do not believe that police, acting in good faith, have been supported by courts and the juries."
One of Victoria's most senior police officers said a dramatic increase in civil litigation meant some police were increasingly uncomfortable performing operational duties because of fears of being sued.
Retired Deputy Commissioner Neil O'Loughlin (pictured right) said a group of lawyers had become parasites who saw the force as a "cash cow", and continually searched for new ways to sue police.
He said millions of dollars that should be spent on street policing was now being used to pay legal bills.
Since 1994, police have paid out $15 million in civil payments and $7 million in legal costs. There is now a backlog of 140 cases - the oldest relating to an arrest in 1985.
The police department has budgeted to pay a minimum of $10 million on pending actions. Increasingly police are settling cases rather than risking big payouts and large legal bills.
"I do not believe that police, acting in good faith, have been supported by courts and the juries," Mr O'Loughlin said. "We have made mistakes but we have still been found liable when our actions have not been negligent."
Mr O'Loughlin, who retired on Friday after 41 years' service, said some law firms had been touting for business, checking law lists for cases where people have been charged with assaulting police and then contacting them with the offer of a free legal consultation with the view of suing the force.
"We have had cases where people involved in unlawful demonstrations have damaged property and when police have moved in they have ended up being sued," he said.
He said in one case police were sued after a doctor filled out the wrong form in certifying a mentally ill patient. The writ blamed police after they did not take the man directly to the hospital.
"This sort of a thing is a nonsense. We are following the trends of the American system."
Mr O'Loughlin said that when police won a case they often could not recover their costs because the plaintiffs did not have the resources to pay. In one recent action, police won their case but were left with $80,000 costs because the plaintiff had no assets.
Mr O'Loughlin said some demonstrators went to protest meetings with a plan to confront police and then sue. "Many of those who sue are not looking for justice, only easy money," he said.
The chief executive of the Law Institute of Victoria, Ian Dunn, rejected Mr O'Loughlin's claims.
"The law has not changed, it is just in the past police have not used pressure-point tactics and would not strip search everyone in a nightclub," he said.
Police have been found liable in civil cases for using pressure holds against demonstrators at the Richmond Secondary College and for strip-searching patrons at the Tasty nightclub.
Mr Dunn said: "If police do not exceed their powers they are no more vulnerable than they have ever been."
FROM

@_date: 2002-03-25 11:21:44
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Back to basics. 
>>...Amphetamines used to treat "hyperactive" children (US). A precursor to Ritalin, Charles Bradley of Rhode Island reports that Benzedrine causes a "spectacular change in behavior."
Dr. Earnest Hooten, Harvard, is quoted in the New York times as saying "compulsory sterilization alone would serve in the case of the insane and mentally deficient, but it is very difficult to enforce such a measure in a democracy, unless it has been preceded by an educational campaign...a biological purge is the essential prerequisite for a social and spiritual Madison Grant's Conquest of a Continent ("Racial History of the US") is published in Berlin. It is greeted by Dr. Eugen Fisher with "No one has as much reason to note the work of this man with the keenest of attention as does a German of todayin a time when the racial idea has become one of the chief foundations of the National Socialist State's population policies."
In America, the Eugenics Record Office and the Eugenics Research Association send a filer to 3,000 U.S. high schools, encouraging the screening of an English version of the Nazi propaganda film Erbkrank ("Hereditary Defective"). The film plays 28 times in 1937-38.
Leading government personnel and psychiatrists discuss elimination of the mentally ill (Germany). Leading psychiatrists Max de Crinis (professor and chairman of the department of psychiatry at Berlin University and later supervisor of killing center at Sonnenstein), Mau, Kihn, Pohlisch and Schneider get together with anthropologists and two directors of mental hospitals to draft a formal law concerning euthanasia.
Cerletti and Bini develop ECT and do the first actual ECT on a human in Italy, after learning that pigs in slaughterhouses were not killed but merely stunned by electric current before they are slaughtered.
German born and educated US psychiatrist Franz Kallman calls for the "legal power" to sterilize "tainted children and siblings of schizophrenics" and to prevent marriages involving "schizoid eccentrics and borderline cases." <<
FROM "Trust me I'm a Doctor."

@_date: 2002-03-25 10:59:40
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Feds,shrinks close in on profrv 
"The technology of strong cryptography over ubiquitous networks makes vertically integrated hierarchical entities like nation-states economically obsolete ."
"The writings of Jim Bell, who posted an essay entitled Assassination Politics. Bell postulated that the emerging technologies of encryption, which makes Internet messages untraceable, and "digital cash", which makes money untraceable, could pave the way for a new world order
A website could be set up running a "lottery" for the successful "predictions" of the deaths of overbearing public officials. Using encryption and digital cash the whole exercise would be within the law because the person who made the successful "prediction" would be anonymous and their reward would be untrackable, Mr Bell wrote."FROM

@_date: 2002-03-25 10:17:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Trall, issue #22 - Organising against capitalism in the 21st 
opening address to the "anarchist
  odyssey" conference in christchurch,
  october 2001
  Capitalism is under challenge for the first time
  in decades. From PNG [Papua New Guinea]
  to Prague, Seattle to South Africa there is a
  growing movement against the instruments of
  capitalist globalisation - the World Economic
  Forum, and the Bretton Woods Institutions
  (the International Monetary Fund and World
  Bank which Leigh Cookson will talk about
  soon).
  anarchism is order capitalism is
  chaos
  Capitalism is the system of private ownership
  of the big things in life (or the means of
  production as they're more often called). It's
  taken us to a point where 3 people are
  wealthier than the poorest 48 countries. Call
  us crazy but we think a system where half the
  world's population annual income is equal to
  the wealth of world's 225 richest people is
  unjust and will continue to sow bitterness,
  hatred war and terrorism.
  While mainstream media talk of 'anarchy'
  erupting whenever warlords who are not 'our'
  warlords go on a chaotic rampage we repeat
  again and again anarchy is not chaos.
  Anarchy is order, capitalism is chaos.
  Anarchism is not about 'doing your own thing',
  it's not solely concerned with individuality
  although the creeping ideology of me-ism is
  gaining ground in our consumer culture.
  Anarchism is a movement, it is a praxis -
  which means theory into action. Anarchism is
  a strand of socialism with a history of over
  150 years.
  the struggle against forgetting
  A lot of people say "why bother with history,
  who cares what a bunch of dead white males
  with long beards did". While it's true that
  history, even radical history has been very
  eurocentric and male oriented we need to
  know our history - not His-story but Our-story.
  Not of the kings and queens but of the People.
  This knowledge is nourishing and sustaining.
  You are not alone. Things are not as bad as
  they may seem. Things that seem impossible
  are achievable. You are not the spaceman on
  the poster for this conference - alone,
  isolated, on another planet. You are part of a
  movement.
  Milan Kundera said "the struggle of people
  against power is the struggle of memory
  against forgetting". Or as King Kapisi says
  "Fix Amnesia".
  We are asked to forget that the CIA put $6
  billion dollars into training Muslim
  fundamentalists in Afghanistan. We are asked
  to forget that it was the Labour Party that
  privatised Air New Zealand in the first place.
  We are asked to forget the colonialism that
  has built the wealth of Western nations. We
  are asked to forget that the only terrorism this
  country has seen was done by the French
  State against Greenpeace. And we are asked
  to forget the people's struggles that have
  given us the hard won breathing space and
  relative freedoms we enjoy today. And mostly
  we obey by forgetting.
  Our first step in organising against capitalism
  in the 21st century is to reclaim the knowledge
  that past generations possessed and
  understand it ourselves. We should gain
  courage in the fact that people have struggled
  and won piece by piece.
  o 600 years ago we were owned by lords
  o 200 years ago the working class could not
  vote
  o just over 100 years ago women could not
  vote
  o in Australia just 30 years ago Aboriginal
  people could not vote
  o though economic apartheid still exists South
  Africa threw off racial apartheid only 10 years
  ago
  o 5 years ago East Timorese independence
  was considered a 'lost cause' and the Suharto
  regime in Indonesia seemed immovable
  o 4 years ago the IMF and World Bank could
  meet in safety without turning the host city into
  a police state
  I tell you this not to glorify the vote as the
  pinnacle of achievement but to realise that the
  thirst for freedom is unstoppable and it will
  always continue despite oppression. You may
  think I'm being a bit dramatic talking of
  oppression while in safe and relatively affluent
  Aotearoa but notice that the ozone hole is the
  most dangerous its ever been, we stand on
  the brink of a possible world war, and as 1951
  shows us democratic freedoms are paper thin
  in times of crisis.
  1951 for those too young to know was when it
  was made illegal, right here in Aotearoa, to
  talk in public in support of the wharfies union,
  or to give food to a wharfie or their family or
  even to discuss the law that made all these
  things illegal. The wharfies crime was to
  refuse to work more than 40 hours a week.
  That's why we need to learn and understand
  our history, our context. When we understand
  our context we can start to clarify our vision
  for the future, which is desperately needed
  work. Anarchists like Bookchin and Michael
  Albert are doing this with Social Ecology and
  Participatory Economics. But vision cannot be
  built without context.
  join the greens? nope...
  And to put things in context the anti-capitalist
  globalisation movement did not begin in
  Seattle and terrorism didn't start on
  September 11 2001. I want to talk about three
  September 11's that put anarchist politics into
  a context. People often say, OK there's
  problems with the system, why not correct
  them by creating or joining a political party.
  Many young people disillusioned with the
  system are joining the Greens. And yet even
  the Greens themselves will admit that while
  they are not part of the government they can
  make as many good sounding noises they
  want but the minute they are in the
  government it will be a different story as many
  disappointed Alliance supporters have found
  out.
  I suggest looking at the German Greens who
  started out fairly radical. Joschka Fischer was
  an anarchist 20 years ago and is now the
  Vice Chancellor and foreign minister of
  Germany. The German Greens have gone
  from espousing non-violence as a main
  principle to cheerleading the US bombing of
  Afghanistan. The US, Joschka Fischer
  explains, is the only country with a big enough
  stick to enforce peace in Europe. This is not
  just a matter of the German Greens lacking
  moral fortitude - it's a systematic problem that
  faces all parties.
  The NZ Labour Party started out calling for
  public ownership of the means of production
  and ended up overseeing the fastest and
  most wide ranging privatisation in the world
  (as Murray Horton will no doubt explain in
  tomorrow's workshop on who owns New
  Zealand). Labour are pushing for capitalist
  globalisation by stealth through free trade
  agreements like the Hong Kong Free Trade
  Agreement as Bill Rosenberg will explain in
  one of this afternoons workshops.
  september 11 the first
  But what if a party managed to stay true to its
  radical roots? That's where the first
  September 11 comes in. September 11 1973.
  Has anyone read any books by Isabelle
  Allende? Her uncle was Salvador Allende. In
  Chile Salvador Allende's National Alliance was
  a Marxist Party that had a programme of
  redistribution of power and resources to the
  poor. They were the first democratically
  elected Marxist Party in the world. But
  corporations didn't like that - in fact ITT put up
  $1 million to help overthrow Salvador Allende.
  The CIA didn't like it either. Henry Kissenger
  and President Nixon told the CIA it would be
  necessary to "make the Chilean economy
  scream". Kissenger said "I don't see why we
  need to stand around and watch a country go
  communist because of the irresponsibility of
  its own people".
  And so, on September 11 1973 in a CIA
  backed military coup the Salvador Allende
  government was toppled, the parliament
  bombed, thousands rounded up and taken to
  football stadiums and shot and General
  Pinochet came to power preaching the free
  market policies of his advisor US economist
  Milton Friedman, hero of Thatcher, Reagan
  and NZ Labour Party Rogernomics.
  Two years later the Whitlam govt. in Australia
  was toppled by less dramatic but still devious
  means. These days the power of global
  capital is so great they probably won't have to
  use such naked aggression to get rid of
  people that threaten their power.
  But the lesson of September 11 1973 is clear
  - if a government could truly change things
  they would be removed - by force if necessary
  - so we see the real struggle is not to gain
  power but redistribute it, decentralise it,
  democratise it.
  september 11 the second
  Which leads to
  the second
  September 11,
  S11 2000
  where over
  10,000
  protesters successfully blockaded the Crown
  Casino in Melbourne where the 1000 richest
  corporations were meeting under the banner
  of the World Economic Forum. Despite brutal
  attacks by the police the blockade stayed solid
  and non-violent which was a key to its
  success.
  There were two main organising blocks at S11
  - the S11 Alliance and S11 AWOL (AWOL
  standing for Autonomous Web of Liberation).
  The S11 Alliance took it upon themselves to
  be THE organisers of the blockade and
  organised marshalls with the view that
  decisions during the 3 days would be made by
  majority vote at mass meetings. The two
  largest marxist groups in Australia - the DSP
  [Democratic Socialist Party, pro-Cuba
  Leninists] and the ISO [International Socialist
  Organisation, Trotskyists] were vying for
  control of many of the positions within S11
  Alliance.
  S11 AWOL participants, on the other hand,
  argued for protesters organising themselves
  in a self managed blockade through affinity
  groups facilitated by a spokescouncil to which
  each affinity group would send a delegate.
  The S11 AWOL groups organised most of the
  medical and legal teams. Their organisational
  methods reflected not only anarchist praxis,
  and the so-called 'Seattle' approach but of
  how the peace and environment movement in
  Australia has evolved its direct action
  strategies over the last 20 years.
  Tensions between centralised vs
  decentralised organising were minimised on
  September 11 because of the success of the
  blockade but grew that evening when on at
  least one picket marshalls were telling people
  to disband because other pickets were
  leaving. It was clear though, through the
  affinity networks, that this was not true. So a
  feeling grew that marshalls were not to be
  trusted and later when a marshall warned of
  an impending attack by riot police they were
  ignored and the picket unfortunately sustained
  the highest number of injuries of any picket
  over the period.
  Some argue that anarchists insistence on the
  right to autonomous action destroys unity and
  ignores collective action. But let's look at the
            reality of this - the anarchists
            merely acknowledge the fact
            that while our unity is a strength,
            people will not do what
            someone tells them to do if they
            don't see a good reason to do
            it.
            Both the DSP and the ISO
  wanted unity and democratic centralism but
  they both wanted their democratic centralism,
  to the point where on the victory march around
  Melbourne whey were continually fighting over
  the route of the rally and attempting to lead
  protesters in different directions. We all
  recognise the need for a strong movement
  against the corporate capitalist beast and
  recognise our need to work with others who
  do not share in all our visions for the future
  and our organisational methods. But this is
  why the movement is decentralised, diverse
  and flexible - organising in ways that are in
  harmony with anarchist principles. And that's
  why we are anarchists and not Trotskyists.
  september 11 the third
  Which leads to the third September 11, this
  years terrorist attacks on the US where 5000
  ordinary working people lost their lives. In the
  wake of that event seemingly everything has
  changed. So which way forward? The very
  real gains of the anti-capitalist globalisation
  movement are now in danger of being lost
  along with our civil liberties. Lets not also lose
  our nerve. Self censorship is an ugly thing to
  see. We need to do a few things:
  (1) We've got to see the context to this war -
  500 years of colonialism
  (2) We must condemn terrorism in all its
  forms - you can't blow up a social relationship
  and no amount of bombing will stop terrorism
  or end exploitation.
  (3) Link global justice with global peace - there
  will be no peace while injustice grows and the
  capitalist vision of free market madness will
  only increase hunger and exploitation. The
  demands of Dropping All Third World Debt
  and Abolishing the IMF and World Bank
  should be incorporated into any peace and
  justice movement.
  There is a plenary session tomorrow morning
  to further discuss planning for actions against
  the WTO and the war.
  Finally we need to build the new world in the
  shell of the old. In building this movement the
  internet has been crucial and in itself is a
  great metaphor. Created by the US military for
  nuclear warfare it now is the very
  decentralised and non-hierarchical network
  that we are using to help connect the so called
  first and third world struggles.
  While mainstream media have either covered
  this movement inaccurately or not at all an
  international decentralised non-hierarchical
  media network called IndyMedia has both
  covered and participated in the movement and
  spread to over 60 centres around the world.
  What better way to challenge the media than
  to become the media. In tomorrow's workshop
  on community media you'll hear how this
  network spans the globe using open source
  free software developed collaboratively and
  decentrally by anarchists.
  - Grant F

@_date: 2002-03-25 10:13:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Solidnardosc in China? DUMP RSA,DUMP RSA! 
BEIJING - Profound labor unrest shook two cities in northern China's "rust belt" Wednesday as unpaid and laid off workers protested, overturning a car and massing 10,000-strong to face off with military police.
In Liaoyang, an industrial center in northeastern Liaoning province, columns of military police protected the city government office - on Democracy Road - and broke up protests.
Witnesses, who estimated the crowd at 10,000, said there were no injuries, but city officials denied there were any protests at all.
"Nothing has happened. It's quiet outside," said a spokesman at the Liaoyang city office.
Hundreds of armed officers were reportedly blanketing the area and ringing the building around the clock.
In Daqing, a famed oil town in northern China's frigid Heilongjiang province, witnesses said workers - many of them laid off - demonstrated in front of the provincial branch of China National Petroleum Corp. when a traffic accident took place.
Protesters surged forward and overturned a gray Chinese-made Santana, one witness said. It was not clear who was inside the vehicle.
"I don't know what happened to the victims and the driver," said a traffic police officer reached by telephone. He did not give his name.
Thousands of shouting protesters gathered again Thursday in front of government offices to demand the release of four detained labor leaders, witnesses said.
Witnesses said three of the leaders were detained Wednesday while trying to negotiate with officials in Liaoyang, an industrial city in Liaoning province. The other, Yao Fuxin, was detained Sunday near his home, a labor rights group said.
One participant, a woman reached by cell phone while demonstrating, said the crowd was pushing at a large iron gate in front of Liaoyang city hall. She and other witnesses said no one has been injured.
Such demonstrations, which have been growing in the region since early this month, are unusual in China, where the government keeps a tight rein on protests and uses threats and force to discourage any anti-government However, the government has also acknowledged that workers, once revered as the "vanguard of the proletariat," are suffering from widespread closures of inefficient and outdated state firms.
"Owed salaries and severance payments are just part of the reason. The real problem is that the life of laid-off workers is too difficult," said Ma, a Liaoyang resident who works for a private factory but knows many of the protesters. He gave only his surname.
"People are angry because they feel the government used them and then threw them away," Ma said.
Protesters carried red banners and a portrait of Mao Zedong mounted on a small chariot. One banner said, "Laid-off workers of the Ferroalloy Factory protest against factory bankruptcy and demand payment of owed salaries," said the woman, who refused to give her name.
She said the number of protesters had increased by several thousand since Monday, with throngs crowding Democracy Road and the narrow streets nearby each morning. She said the protests have been peaceful so far, but "such a big crowd of protesters really shocked us."
Ma, the worker from the Jian An Machine Factory, said protests began with workers from Liaoyang Ferroalloy Factory but expanded this week to include laid off workers from other plants.
Farmers even joined in to protest not being paid by bankrupt factories that were built on their lands, said Ma. Protesters are angry at Liaoyang Ferroalloy Factory for refusing to pay workers severance pay of $500 a year. Ma said former workers feel they were cheated by factory managers in collusion with corrupt local officials.

@_date: 2002-03-25 10:00:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Hettinger logorrhea. 
>>Friedman himself points to "dark-age" Iceland as an example of a perfectly functional anarchy, a successful society operating functionally in the absence of "public" law. <<
Friedman discredited on Iceland SEE...
Ordered Anarchy, State, And Rent-Seeking: The Icelandic Commonwealth, 930-1262
Birgir T. Runolfsson Solvason's PhD thesis. "I will not discuss my dissatisfaction with some political interpretations that I do not think are justified; such as claiming that the Commonwealth is an example of libertarianism or anarcho-capitalism in practice (see Friedman 1989a;1989b). This interpretation of the Commonwealth is not warranted, and the reasons for why it is not, will become apparent in this thesis."
Is Medieval Iceland an example of "anarcho"-capitalism working in practice?
An excellent left-libertarian refutation of this position. Part of An Anarchist FAQ Webpage. Some rebuttals are available at David Friedman's home page.
small wonder he lives in a high taxing state,like Mongo,he is a rank hypocrite.
 >>No one, in considerably more than a decade of his promoting the idea on the net and discussing it in places like cypherpunks and elsewhere, has pointed to a prior claim on any idea even remotely approaching Cryto-Anarchy in it's originality. And it is the idea of Crypto-Anarchy, whether anyone knows about it or not, that makes Tim May probably the most influential person on the net today. <<
You can retire now Mongo,stop being the embarrassing older relative with the bad manners and worse breath.
If you stick around you'll just be torn to bits by the young lions,they know now that you can bleed so they'll start to work on the wound.You don't want that do you? Just say 'anarchy is as anarchy does' and go and raise turnips or something.
 >>Wagner and Nietzsche<<
Prefer Stirner to N,less to read and twice as useful.As for W,did I tell about the time him and Bakunin were fighting in the streets in Dresden in 48? W may have even modelled Siegfried on Bakky.Kulture on C/punks! Who'dave thunk it!?
 >>So, I suppose that, rather than killing the all the lawyers, :-), people who do strong cryptography on the internet are doing something even better, to my mind. They're actually making the legal professions unprofitable. If we must thump our chests like ubermenschen,<<
  >cypherpunks are actually just threatening to starve lawyers, and their children, into submission.<<
I can live with that.Tell me a boatload of lawyers just sank.

@_date: 2002-03-25 09:59:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Someone gets murdered in Iceland,they call the cops. 
Global Road Warrior
... the Highlands. There are few roadways linking the provinces, however, because of
the mountainous terrain. The people of PNG cling to the tradition of "payback ...
 - 19k - Cached - Similar pages
The Age: PNG clan wants to form new province
... Tribal fighting and political payback between the Nipa and ... break away from Southern
Highlands Province is not ... Affairs Minister and PNG's founding prime minister ...
 - 24k - Cached - Similar pages
TRIBE VERSUS NATION
... an ANU specialist on PNG law and order. "They take ... lane bridges on the Highlands Highway
because of an ... from village traditions of payback and compensation: the ...
pathfinder.com/time/magazine/1997/int/971006/spacific.tribe_versus_.html - 24k - Cached - Similar pages
Provinces in Papua New Guinea
... It is a major Highlands commercial centre of 25,000 ... to gain an overview of PNG's cultural
diversity. The shows ... to retaliate with a "payback" raid, and, to make ...
 - 20k - Cached - Similar pages
... Mudmen of the Highlands. The Asaro Mud Men tells ... off on their inevitable payback raid.
When these ghostly ... rather commercialized feature of PNG. The trip to the ...
 - 18k - Cached - Similar pages
... atmosphere. It is a major Highlands commercial centre of 25 ... gain an overview of PNG
cultural diversity. The shows ... in a tribal fight "payback" raid, and, to make ...
 - 22k - Cached - Similar pages
Highlands Art of New Guinea on Tribalarts.com
... similar in form to payback dolls. Although Moriarty recorded ... Portraying the New Guinea
Highlands. London: Crawford House ... cultural officer in PNG, and has been  - 29k - Cached - Similar pages
About the Benabena
... Even those involved in the recent payback murders are members of groups. In the Highlands of PNG you will find Catholic, Lutheran, Pentecostal ...
 - 10k - Cached - Similar pages

@_date: 2002-03-25 09:59:13
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: www.freepeltier.org 
UNTIL FREEDOM IS WON! UPDATE ON THE PELTIER CAMPAIGN FOR TRUTH AND JUSTICE
INCLUDED IN THIS MESSAGE: Updates on the Motion to Reduce Leonard's Sentence, Progress Made Toward Obtaining New Evidence, Civil Rights Case, Government Reform Committee
Dear Friends,
We are writing today with both good and bad news on the case of Leonard Peltier. But before we begin we want to thank all of you who have been sponsoring LPDC speakers and organizing Peltier events in your communities. Raising awareness continues to be essential and supporters have organized several successful events. Let's keep the LPDC speakers bureau busy and word of Leonard's case flowing! We also want to let you know that there will be three important events on June 26 marking 27 years since the shoot-out occurred. They include gatherings in Oglala, South Dakota, San Francisco, California and Boston, Massachusetts. We encourage you to plan on attending one of these events or organizing something in your community. More details will be released soon.
BAD NEWS, BUT NOT SURPRISING We regret to announce that the motion to reduce Leonard's sentence was denied by the U.S. District Court of North Dakota. We expected this case to be a challenge because of the many procedural obstacles it involved combined with the political nature of the Peltier case, especially in this district. However, we had hoped for more fairness given that Judge Benson, who tried Leonard, is no longer hearing Judge Magnison denied the motion without a hearing based upon issues of timeliness. A motion to reduce sentence is supposed to be filed within a year following a conviction. However, we argued that filing at this late date was justified because of significant developments that occurred since trial, citing cases in which exceptions had been made due to extraordinary circumstances. The court said that the significant developments in question (government admission that it can't prove who shot agents/ballistics) had already been litigated. Judge Magnison refused to consider these issues despite the clearly different character of the case, which sought a review of sentence and not a new trial like before. Attorney Eric Seitz is appealing the decision to the Eighth Circuit.
NOW WHAT? We MUST obtain new evidence and demand a new trial for Leonard Peltier. We are confident that key evidence exists in the thousands of documents that are withheld by the FBI and fortunately, we are moving closer to obtaining them.
GOOD NEWS! Thanks to the persistent letters of supporters in Massachusetts, Representative Barney Frank wrote to the FBI insisting that the withheld documents be released given Clinton's Executive Order requiring the disclosure of documents after the passage of 25 years. The FBI Office of Public and Congressional Affairs responded by saying, "After receipt of your letter.the FBI consulted with the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) to request that the investigative records pertaining to Mr. Peltier that are 25 years or older be considered of significant historical interest subject to declassification review. NARA agreed and the process of declassification review has begun. Upon completion, the material will be accessioned to NARA and a declassified copy will be provided to your office. We anticipate completion of this project by the end of the year." Attorney Mike Kuzma, who is handling Leonard's FOIA requests, wrote to NARA to learn when the declassification would be completed. Mike also asked that he be provided copies of the documents. NARA responded, "We have been informed that the records are still in the physical and legal custody of the FBI. The FBI has completed its declassification review and is currently processing the records for transfer to NARA and their subsequent public release. The transfer is expected to occur in May of this year. Following the transfer, NARA may require additional time to prepare for the public release of the records." This is a very positive development for us and strengthens our chances for obtaining new information. Furthermore, the documents are now protected against destruction because of their historical classification. The battle is not over, as we expect the documents to be partly censored for reasons of "national security" like before. But, we plan to demand the full release and exposure of the documents in court.
It should also be noted that Mike Kuzma continues to pursue the documents through the Freedom of Information Act process. Requests have been submitted to FBI headquarters and numerous field offices across the country. With the exception of Portland, Oregon, all offices have reported that they possess records. We anticipate filing one or several suits to demand the release of these documents in the near future. Mike Kuzma is also working with law students involved in the Innocence Project of Osgoode Hall and the LPDC of Canada to obtain documents generated around the MORE GOOD NEWS! The civil rights complaint against the FBI has been drafted and the finishing touches are being added now. This case argues that the FBI violated Leonard's Constitutional Rights by lying to the Department of Justice, former President Clinton, the Parole Commission, and the public with the sole intention of denying Leonard fair clemency and parole reviews, thus costing him his long deserved freedom. We plan to do a major press blitz on the day the case is filed and we will need your participation. This is our chance to undo much of the disinformation disseminated by the FBI through the press in recent years. Please be prepared to forward the press release to your local media. We will let you know when we determine the exact date it will be filed. Please stay tuned.
NOTE: This case represents another opportunity to access the withheld FBI documents through discovery.
KEEP PUSHING CONGRESS FOR INVESTIGATIONS! Meanwhile, a window of opportunity continues to exist with the House Committee on Government Reform. As you know this committee is planning to investigate cases of FBI misconduct leading to wrongful convictions. We must press the Reform Committee to shine its spot light on Leonard's case. Please continue to write Representative Burton on a regular basis, and cc your letters to your representative. A recent phone call to Rep Burton's office indicates that he is collecting and taking notice of our letters. Please send us copies of any response letters you receive from officials so that we can track their LET US KNOW Let us know if you are organizing anything for Leonard whether it be for June 26 or any other date so that we can help by publicizing it. Do not hesitate to contact us to share your ideas and suggestions about building pressure and awareness for the freedom of Leonard Peltier!
Thank you.
In Solidarity, LPDC
Until Freedom Is Won! The New Peltier Justice Campaign
Leonard Peltier Defense Committee PO Box 583 Lawrence, KS 66044 785-842-5774

@_date: 2002-03-25 09:11:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Wihelm reich,honorary cypherpunk? 
Bleedin best of  the Daily...1661 - Willi Leddra executed in New England
for being a
WILHELM REICH
Way beyond Freud & Jung, the SexPol dynamo.
1897 - SexPol revolutionary Wilhelm Reich lives,
Dobrzynica,Galicia. Reich wrote The Mass Psychology
of Fascism, Sex-Pol Essays, Function of the Orgasm, etc.
1905 - Jules Verne, father of modern science fiction,
journeys no further, dies, Amiens, France.
1919 - Spain: "La Canadienne" strike in Barcelona had ended
8 February; but in the face of the refusal of the army to
release a score of still imprisoned militants, they strike
again today in a beautiful show of solidarity.
The government had imprisoned 3000 strikers of the
anarchist union, the CNT, & declared martial law in its
attempt to crush the workers.
1926 - Italian playwright, manager-director-actor-mime
Dario Fo lives, Leggiuno-Sangiamo, Italy.
In 1997, the Nobel committee awarded Dario Fo the
Literature Prize, noting he "emulates the jesters of
the Middle Ages in scourging authority & upholding
the dignity of the downtrodden."
Dario Fo4s career started in small cabarets, theatres. In
1959 he founded the Compagnia Dario Fo -- Franca
Rame, producing satirical dramas such as Archangels
Don4t Play Pinnball & He Had Two Pistols with
White & Black Eyes. 
In 1968 Dario founded the acting group Nuova Scena,
which had ties to the Italian Communist Party, but his
satirical views aroused much criticism from the
Communist Press -- like earlier from the Catholic
In 1970 Fo started Colletivo Teatrale La Comune.
Among Fo4s most famous works are Accidental
Death of an Anarchist & We
Cant Pay? We Wont Pay!
1977 - Argentina: Yet another government can only
stammer the speech of death: Rodolfo Walsh writes an
open letter to the Military junta regards its infamous
crimes; a day later, the dictatorship assassinates him.
The naked word is scandalous where fear rules, the
naked word dangerous where the great
dance of disguises is danced.
1980 - El Salvador: Archbishop Oscar Romero assassinated
during mass, San Salvador, by US-supported rightist goon
squads. Archbishop Romero has exhorted the police &
soldiers to disobey orders to kill innocent people, refuses
to be silenced by those in power. The town has interrupted,
with ovations, his homilies condemning the terrorism of the
Those in power deliver the only ovation they know -- a hail
of bullets.

@_date: 2002-03-25 08:48:31
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: I'm no "black hole" 
a/k/a Mattd... Alas, no. A black hole sucks things in and spews out almost nothing. Mattd sucks, but spews continually.
Think of me as an ebayer...hawking radiation. when will they ever learn?
Mattd      Meglomaniacal mercenary   has magnetism stays put.
"The more corrupt the republic, the more numerous the laws." --Tacitus.

@_date: 2002-03-25 08:15:36
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Buying reputations...and turnips, 
>Reputation is more properly about beliefs about future outcome, about bets.
"Gamble on Anarchy" Dr Rat,Treason magazine,1982.
Reps get carried forward, the best reputations of the best of us all forward into the future.Anarchy for example has a good reputation in spite of some attempted perversion of the word by
authoritarians (ANARCHY! disorder,chaos bushit.)and Lets get back to basics and define modern Anarchy,modern Crypto-Anarchy.Its already emerging.

@_date: 2002-03-25 05:38:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: : Re: signal to noise proposal 
>>All these mental efforts are not cost effective. Tens of people spending hours on filtering/rating schemes is expensive.
Choate's whereabouts are well known, deploying persuasion contractors will cost a fraction of the proposed engineering efforts.
Think of it as of simulation run of AP.
Just my 5000 cents.<<
Count me in for 5 as well and all,APster negative reputation capital,RUST never sleeps.

@_date: 2002-03-24 17:12:06
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Lawyers!? We dont need no steenkin lawyers! 
"Protest behavior is infectious and I am sure it will get inside the center...I feel that if there is a large group of people engaging in civil disobedience,that is infectious,it is a bad example to set."
The above is part of what a lawyer for some of the detained at wackenhutt west of cabazon,said when he heard that an Easter protest convoy is about to descend.What a slavish,degraded mentality these lawyers pick up,black unicorns and aimee farrs most of them,the odd sandy sandfart hardly improves the gene pool.
I hope the convoy and those detained work together and demolish the whole stinkin' concentration camp.A 100 million pound brand new one recently burned down in Britain.No suspicious circumstances.
"First we kill all the lawyers." Shakespeare.henry the something.

@_date: 2002-03-24 16:17:44
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Welfare parasite exposed 
Enron Received Billions in Overseas Corporate Welfare
  posted by Reverend Chuck0 on Friday March 22 2002 @ 09:01AM PST
Enron Succeeded in Aid Pursuit
Company Won $7 Billion in Pledges for Overseas Plans
By James V. Grimaldi
Washington Post Staff Writer
Friday, March 22, 2002; Page E01
Enron Corp.'s vast overseas energy investments were aided by promises of more than $7 billion in loans and insurance from the European, Asian and worldwide development banks, as well as key U.S. export-support agencies, according to a report to be released today.
It has previously been reported that the United States' two primary development banks provided more than $3 billion in backing for Enron projects. The report by the Institute for Policy Studies, a progressive think tank, said Inter-American Development Bank and World Bank agencies each agreed to provide about $750 million, and an array of other agencies overseas promised $2 billion in assistance to power projects from China to Nigeria in which Enron was a participant.
Compiled from media reports and agency annual reports, the study's totals include hundreds of millions of dollars in financing and insurance that were approved but never disbursed. The Overseas Private Investment Corp. (OPIC), for example, did not disburse about $840 million of the $2.5 billion it promised in support of Enron projects.
Read More

@_date: 2002-03-24 16:10:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Turk Kurds bad,Iraq Kurds good!?WTF! 
Turkey: Two Are Left Dead In Clashes Between Kurds & Police
  posted by direct action foundation on Saturday March 23 2002 @ 08:08PM PST
March 21, Turkey: Two Are Left Dead In Clashes Between Kurds & Police
DIYARBAKIR: Thousands of Kurdish youths put up barricades and battled police in a southern Turkish city after authorities banned Kurds from celebrating their New Year. Two demonstrators were killed. Riot police used water cannon and tear gas to disperse crowds in the city of Mersin, where at least 40 police and 20 protesters were injured. At least 200 people were detained. Authorities banned celebrations of Nowruz _the Farsi-language word for "new year" - in Mersin and other southeast cities where they said the festivities would be "exploited by outlawed groups to cause provocations." Several thousand Kurds in Mersin hurled rocks and bricks at personnel carriers and authorities to protest the ban. Among the injured was small girl crushed by a huge metal garbage container accidentally knocked over by a personnel carrier. The girl appeared to be seriously injured and was rushed to hospital. A Kurdish man was killed by police in the clashes. Hours before the protests began, two policemen were killed in Mersin when an armored personnel carrier ran off a bridge while patrolling the streets. The clashes recalled those at Nowruz celebrations at the height of the 15-year-conflict between autonomy-seeking Kurdish rebels and Turkish troops. Police regularly clashed then with Kurdish demonstrators who used the festival to assert demands for Kurdish rights. The conflict has left some 37,000 dead, though fighting has eased since the rebels declared a unilateral cease-fire in 1999. The ancient Persian festival - celebrated the first day of spring in countries including Afghanistan and Iran - is mainly a Kurdish event in Turkey. In Istanbul, where the festival was also banned, police used water cannons to disperse demonstrating Kurds. Police said more than 540 were detained. In Diyarbakir, the largest city in Turkey's mainly Kurdish southeast, hundreds of thousands of Kurds gathered in a field outside the city, arriving on foot or crammed in the back of trucks. The police presence was heavy and included tanks. However, no major troubles were reported. Turkey, which is seeking membership in the European Union, is under increasing pressure from human rights groups to grant cultural rights to Kurds. For more information on the Kurdish struggle for self-determination, we recommend that you read Noam Chomsky's excellent book American Interventionism.

@_date: 2002-03-24 09:04:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: International AP. 
By Paul McGeough
March 23 2002
British objections to the use of British-supplied weapons in Israel's latest military push against the Palestinians have focused new attention on the United States' reluctance to restrain Israel's use of the multi-billion-dollar, high-tech arms it sells to the Jewish state each year.
The US is embarrassed by the high profile given to some of its machinery in the occupied territories - particularly its F-16 fighter jets, in missile strikes against police stations and other public buildings, and its Apache attack helicopters, in Israel's controversial campaign to assassinate Palestinian militants.
But the Administration has refused to go public with its growing unease over the use of US weaponry, in what the UN Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, now calls an "all-out conventional war" on Palestinian civilians.
But last week Britain revealed that in 2000 it had extracted a written assurance from Israel that no military equipment originating from Britain would be used in the occupied territories. The revelation was sparked when a British diplomat stationed in the Middle East recognised an Israeli armoured personnel carrier as a modified Centurion tank, which Britain had supplied to Israel up until 1970.
Now Britain is demanding an explanation from the Israelis. Last year an unnamed US State Department spokesman told The Independent in London that at some point Washington would have to make a call on whether the Israelis were in breach of a stipulation in the Arms Export Control Act that weapons sold could be used only for "legitimate self-defence" - but yesterday a department spokeswoman would not tell the Herald if the issue had advanced.
Israel is one of the biggest buyers of US arms, and much of the trade is financed with the $US2 billion a year it gets from Washington in military aid. Its arsenal includes dozens of US helicopters (AH 64As, AH 1Fs, AH 1Gs); hundreds of tanks (M-60s) and armoured personnel carriers; and the biggest fleet of American fighter aircraft outside the US (F-15s, F-16s, F-4s and A-4s).
A US-based lobby group, the Palestinian Monitor, says the US should act against Israel because of its "consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally recognised human rights" and, in particular, killings carried out by its airborne assassination squads.
However, the argument that the US was refusing to put pressure on Israel over its treatment of Palestinians was laughed at by one of the US's top authorities on the Israeli military, Anthony Cordesman, of the Centre for Strategic and International Studies.
Told by the Herald about the assurance won from Israel by the British, he said: "Someone has to be joking. This kind of contract clause is a joke in the weapons trade. If you think you can tightly control weapons after you have sold them, then you're living in fantasy land ...
"People in this trade make a lot of promises for face-saving purposes. There are provisions in international law on not using weapons on civilians, but defining civilians in a low-level war like this one can be an academic exercise."
But on the ground, the Israeli choice of US weapons does make a difference. After the Israelis launched a US-built TOW missile in a helicopter attack on a Gaza police station last year, a staff member who survived confronted an American visitor. "This is what your country is doing," he said, holding up a part of the missile carrying the words "made in the USA".
He reportedly went on: "We hate the Israelis for this ... but we hate America more." FROM

@_date: 2002-03-24 08:51:15
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Bleeding heart liberals 
1901 - Emilio Aguinaldo, leader of the Filipino rebels is
At the outbreak of the Spanish-American War the US had
returned Aguinaldo to the Philippines to direct the native
uprisings against the Spanish. In 1899 when the Filipinos
learned the US did not intend to give them their
independence, Aguinaldo led an armed revolt against US
rule. An American force of 70,000 was sent to suppress
this "insurrection".
1905 - England: John Collins, co-founder of Campaign for
Nuclear Disarmament, lives.
1910 - Akira Kurosawa (1910-1998) lives, Tokyo. Japanese
film director, considered with Kenji Mizoguchi & Yasujiro
Ozu among the greatest of Japanese modern film makers.
1918 - "Dada Manifesto" issued by Tristan Tzara in
" I destroy the drawers of the brain & those of the
social organization. "
1918 - US: Trial of 101 Wobblies (Industrial Workers of the
World; IWW) begins in Chicago, for opposition to World War
I; tried for violating the Espionage Act..
I doubt if ever in history there has been a sight just like
them. One hundred & one lumberjacks, harvest hands,
miners, editors . . . who believe the wealth of the world
belongs to him who creates it . . . the outdoor men, hard-
rock blasters, tree-fellers, wheat-binders, longshoremen,
the boys who do the strongwork of the world. . . ."
---John Reed
See: A People's History of the United States, by Howard Zinn
or George, Harrison, The I.W.W. Trial: Story of the Greatest Trial
in Labor's History by One of the Defendants,
Chicago: IWW, [1919]. 208 pages
1921 - Netherlands: War Resisters International founded,
1933 - Germany: Dachau opens for business -- the first of
many concentration camps in Germany for the destruction of Jews
& the undesirables classified 'unfit'.
1942 - Ama Ata Aidoo (1942-) lives. Ghanaian writer, who
has depicted in her works the role of African woman in modern
society. 1942 -- Let us remember--
On this day in 1942 the US Government began removing
Americans from their homes without benefit of trial,
indictment or any other legal anachronisms, &
forced them into detention centers hundreds of miles away,
in the middle of the desert.
1957 - US Army sells off the last of its homing pigeons.
1970 - US: Male Call?: Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader
President Dick'M Nixon declares national emergency, orders
30,000 troops to New York City to break Postal Wildcat
1983 - In his "Star Wars" speech Beloved & Respected
Comrade Leader Acting President Reagan proposes a
space-based system to blast incoming missiles out of the
sky -- just like the 1940 film "Murder in the Air",
whose hero, Secret Service Agent Brass Bancroft
(played by Ronnie Reagan!), gets involved with the
"Inertia Projector," a death ray that can zap planes.
...the love of novelty is a pleasant sort of
cross....impulsive & vibrant to crucify boredom.
---dADA Manifesto, 1918
jya; dada or gaga?

@_date: 2002-03-23 16:42:06
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "If you like to molest little boys..."(say your prayers little 
The Waukesha Freeman's decision to kill a column by Mark Belling shows the difference between what you can say on talk radio and what you can get away with in print.
The WISN-AM (1130) talker's most recent weekly column dealt with the pedophile priest scandal rocking the Roman Catholic Church. He's dealt with the topic on the air, but his column was too much for The Freeman.
"We've given Mark Belling a broad editorial license, and we will continue to," Freeman publisher and editor Jeff Hovind says. "At the risk of being too analytical, I think Mark Belling is very angered at his church and sort of vented in his column in a very personal way."
The lead paragraph suggests the church take out ads in "porno magazines" reading, "If you like to molest little boys and wish to avoid the consequences, we're the place for you." He then lists a number for Archbishop Rembert Weakland "to apply."
Belling, a former altar boy, denies any assertion that he's anti-Catholic and doesn't understand Hovind's published explanation for not running the "They say that the column was too offensive to run, but in explaining why it was too offensive to run, they ran the whole offending paragraph," the talker says.
Belling admits that one of Hovind's criticisms was valid. He first had written, "anecdotal evidence indicates many priests (perhaps more than half) are gay." In the version of the column available on his Web site,  the parenthetical phrase is gone.
"That was not going to appear in the column," he says.
By the way, Hovind's formal explanation for not running Belling's column can be found at Belling's biggest objection is Hovind's public criticism of him. But he isn't crying censorship.
"They're a private company. They can run anything they want," he says. "I've always praised The Freeman for being willing to run voices that most newspapers wouldn't run. I have, until this week, been given virtually total freedom.
"This is more about the guy that's presently in charge than the Freeman. He appears to have hang-ups with the column."
However, Hovind says that the power of Belling's remarks are magnified on the printed page.
"When he read his column in the air, it obviously didn't have the same impact that it did in print," Hovind says. "On the page, the words aren't fleeting. The listeners aren't trying to hear his next point."
Both Belling and Hovind say the column will return to The Freeman next week.

@_date: 2002-03-23 16:36:35
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Late letter from Spain.A new Durrutti column? 
(en) Spain, From Barcelona, The return of the Durutti Brigade
From "anar" Date Fri, 22 Mar 2002 08:28:56 -0500 (EST)
MUERTE AL ESTADO Y VIVA LA ANARQUIA!!! The return of the Durutti Brigade
About 5.000 people participated in the red and black bloc in the
demonstration of 16th March, against the european summit. There were blac
bloc groups, libertarians, CNT, squatters, many anticapitalist and radical
activists, that marched together with red and black flags and anarchist
slogans. The direct action against symbols of the state and capital (two
police stations, dozens of banks, military palace and judicial palace,
offices of authoritative trade union), the confrontations with the police
who used rubber bullets, the attacks against their squads and vans,the
barricades and the presence of thousands of people refusing to run away and
keeping on shouting all together VIVA LA ANARQUIA, POLICIA ASESINA, in all
the difficult moments the police was charging, created a revolutionary
situation, an atmosphere of fiesta and revolt, of rage and revenge for the
repression in the 15th March anticapitalist demo and for all all the
repression, arrests and tortures of our comrades who faught all over the
world, from Seattle and Prague, to Gotemburg and Genoa. It was an extremly
inspiring experience to be among thousands of people marching together in
solidarity, despite the rubber bullets flying in the air and the
helicopters above our heads. During the riots, people from the bloc that
didn4t participa It is true that civil police made arrests inside the bloc,
and that was the purpose of them being there. Many civil police who were
recognized by demonstrators were beaten and chased away. There were also
confrontations with members of the "demonstration police" who stood in
front of banks and police and tried to prevent comrades violently. In
Barcelona it was shown once more that the struggle against global
dictatorship of state and capital is not retreating by repression, it is
not sold to the reformists and to social pacification in front of the
continuous crimes of global domination. The struggle continues, confronting
the forces of the state, uncontrolled from the manipulation of those who
believe in old and new models of authority, parliaments and NGO4s, stating
that the only limit is a world without states and borders, without
exploitation and oppression. We carry a new world in our hearts, and we
make it alive through our efforts to destroy the existing hierarchical and
repressive status. We make it alive the moments we fight back, the moments
we stand together against repression, the moments that we share the
struggle for freedom with all the damned and oppressed people, all the
comrades in revolt. From the streets of Genoa to Argentina, from the
children of Indifadah to the fighting people in Bolivia, in Colombia, in
the militarized ARRIBA LOS QUE LUCHAN!!! END.
The 'wave' rolls on to Roma!

@_date: 2002-03-23 15:41:40
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchists set to take over Italy. 
."..chronic unemployment, disillusionment with mainstream politics and a backlash against globalisation are providing fodder for new terrorist groups, such as the "Black Bloc" anarchists who hijacked protests at the G8 meeting in Genoa last year..."
 From Murdoch craporado media.
Red Brigades return to Italy
By Natasha Bita
March 23, 2002
A STAR scratched into the peeling paintwork of a Bologna door signalled the resurgence of political terrorism in Italy this week.
The crude calling-card of the Red Brigades, the extreme-left terrorists who assassinated hundreds of politicians, judges, journalists and police officers in the 1970s and '80s, marks the spot where an Italian government adviser was gunned down outside his apartment on Tuesday.
A group calling itself the Red Brigades for the Construction of the Fighting Communists emailed a 26-page diatribe to police yesterday claiming responsibility for the execution of Marco Biagi, an economist who drew up divisive labour-market reforms being pushed by the conservative Berlusconi Ballistics experts concluded that Biagi  a close friend of European Commission president and former Italian prime minister Romano Prodi  was shot with the same pistol used to assassinate Massimo D'Antona, an adviser to Italy's former left-wing government, three years ago.
Newspapers harked back to the giorni di piombo, or "days of lead" when left and right-wing extremists waged war with kidnappings, assassinations and The Corriere della Sera newspaper announced "the return of terrorism" and published a photo gallery of the victims of "30 years of bloodshed", noting that 420 people had died and 1200 had been injured in terror attacks since Of the 360 fatal attacks, 280 were attributed to the extreme left, 27 to neo-fascists and 26 to international terrorists. The Red Brigades took responsibility for the 1978 kidnapping and murder of former prime minister Aldo Moro. In 1980 a bomb killed 85 at the Bologna train station, although the culprits were never found.
The Red Brigades, a Marxist-Leninist group that grew from the student protests of the 1960s, went underground after most of its leaders were arrested in France and Italy in the 1980s.
The group splintered into the Communist Combatant Party and the Union of Combatant Communists in 1984.
But 18 years later, chronic unemployment, disillusionment with mainstream politics and a backlash against globalisation are providing fodder for new terrorist groups, such as the "Black Bloc" anarchists who hijacked protests at the G8 meeting in Genoa last year.
Italy's secret service, in its six-monthly report to parliament last week, warned of terrorist attacks in response to government policies such as the proposal to make it easier for companies to sack workers.
The report warned potential targets were politicians, unionists or business figures "who are most committed to economic, social and labour reforms, especially those who play a crucial role as experts or consultants".
Biagi, who was shot dead as he arrived home on his bicycle, had complained to police about death threats and requested an armed escort.
Ironically, his bodyguards were removed after the September 11 terrorist attack on the World Trade Centre because the Government wanted to put more secret service agents on the streets.
Italian politicians are the most heavily guarded in Europe, with 6000 bodyguards at a cost of $1 billion a year.
Biagi's widow, angry that the Government had refused her family's request for protection, spurned the offer of a state funeral in favour of a private family service in Bologna today.
Up to 80,000 people marched in Bologna on Wednesday to mourn Biagi's death and protest against terrorism.
Unions planning a rally of 1 million workers in Rome this weekend to oppose the Government's labour reforms said they would dedicate the march to anti-terrorism and democracy instead.
The Pope yesterday appealed for "a climate of understanding between the social factions in this dear Italian nation", but the assassination only fuelled the bickering among politicians, union and business leaders.
The leader of the right-wing Northern League, Umberto Bossi, declared that "the Left has lost its mind".
The peak industry lobby group Confindustria echoed his sentiments. "Every time this country has to make an important reform, the men who push ahead with the reforms are struck by terrorism and this is a price that we cannot continue to pay," said its president, Antonio D'Amato.
The Minister for Productive Works, Antonio Marzano, warned that "revenge for the murder of Marco Biagi by the Red Brigades is something which may He described the terrorists as "like bombs which are set off when you try to make reform, because they fear the new and want Italy to remain silenced".
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi insisted his Government would not back down on labour reforms because "we cannot let terrorism force our hand". But the unions refused to budge on the same grounds, insisting they would go ahead with a general strike next month.
Italian President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi urged Italians to have faith in their democracy.
"The horror and anguish over the barbaric assassination of Marco Biagi cannot and must not weaken confidence in the force of democracy," he said.
"Italians are united against terrorism."

@_date: 2002-03-23 08:56:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Patent nonsense getting out of hand 
1st Google and now this...
What a shitty week for free speech and encryption.Two dropkicks even tried to rope profesor rat!
My heart goes out to proff cyborg in canada,proffs have feelings too.See
If only an anal probe was all they wanted.I'm loath to contact MAZ or the facist Canuck Govt directly after the pacifier letters that might have gotten me kicked off one ISP so I'll ask one of you underempolyed punks to remind MAZ about APster,please? TIA.The ISP case looks like a winner for me as the ISP concerned has not been in touch.They will have to reinstate me if they have no evidence against me.I'll notify you all next time I change adress,hate to imagine you getting the idea I was pissing in your hot tub.So write to
Corporate Office
MAZ Technologies, Inc.
2030 Main Street, Suite 1300
Irvine, CA 92614
309.210.7551 fax
Tell them the justice posse's coming.

@_date: 2002-03-23 07:41:50
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RSA in deep shtuck,dump rsa stock,DUMP RSA! 
If the SEC doesnt get them human rights violations in co-partner China will.

@_date: 2002-03-23 07:36:16
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Bitch's leave. 
>>...smack
of some fallacy?
Spanking and fellatio,I'm up for it.
 >>Not hiring a single lawyer, not even _consulting_ (emphasis his) a lawyer,
more truly means you are a complete moron <<
Your spelling sucks,its MONGO,a complete MONGO.Get it?,got it?...good.
 >>and disdain even calculated risk.<<
Farred heart never one fair lady?
 >>If you break the law by a significant act in that direction, you set your
own hook for co-option, especially in espionage.<<
When crypto is outlawed only outlaws will have $
 >>I don't see a marketplace opportunity in an espionage Black Net. In
high-tempo complex event streams with changing decision-makers, shifting
goal-setting, interveners, variable resources, etc. -- the advantage to be
gained by competitors (of any sort) more truly lies elsewhere. Mere secrets
no longer offer the edge, because they offer a short half-life of
decision-relevance. Now, 3 days to 3 months, and it grows shorter. Few
competitors have decision-utility in terms of capability and readiness to
take advantage of "secrets.<<
She may have a point here,didnt vlad Putin say recently thats its harder to keep secrets these days?Thank goodness for the web.
 >>" Most of the information you need is open
source, or can be gained by acumen with low-risk.<<
What,you dont want to buy anything? getthefuckoutofhere! There are no commies here.
  >>Add in the traitor element
and the "go to jail" consideration, and it looks like a no-go to me.
(Espionage is more traditionally called treason, BTW. It's even in the
Treason is the daily background hum of the internet,darlin',"national borders are road humps,etc"You keep talking like we are all septic tanks.I also have a soft spot for treason,it was the name of a collective I belonged to about 20 years ago,we produced a samizdat for a few years.I'll send one c/o crawford PO if you like.The Zimbabwe opposition leaders just been charged with treason so its not a bad thing is it.Some good things are illegal and the nuremburg trials showed that sometimes "treason' is justified.If strong crypto is used,what the US govt doesnt know wont hurt them,and if it does hurt them it might be a desirable outcome and if innocents get hurt then thats bad but in war and in life bad things happen to good people.Look at the ferry of heavy water that was sunk in Norway,innocents died to slow down german A-bomb creation.
Each case would have to be judged on its merits.For my side,being a traitor to an illegal rogue terror state is good thing and is to be encouraged.
 >>But, hey, a man should feel free to make his own decisions, just like Tim
tells him to.
Any man or woman,(your a man aren't you,agent Farr?) is unlikely to be persuaded either way by a peanut like Mongo,but if they are,good luck to them.Strong crypto takes care of everything.

@_date: 2002-03-23 06:52:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Tim may,an Ox for the people to ride. 
I might have been mistaken about Tim being CIA,actually with a ring through his nose,( like the lack of idealogical support he's been getting lately),he's becoming quite tractable."An ox for the people to ride."
It must be frustrating seeing Jim Bell run off with your "Extremely dark markets,"idea and now the P to P's want his precious Blacknet.Quelle Horreur! Worse,far worse than Beta losing to VHS! 1984 is really coming true when the fucking MOSEs of crypto-anarchy is being 'disappeared'.Dont worry about an ex-cia agents usenet posts,what if something should happen to the cyphernomicon for gawds sake! Tims quick on his feet for a punchy old tomato can,he just landed one on agent Farr.
Keep it up chump,sorry,keep it up CHAMP.
 >>The interesting projects are the ones dangerous to the state, dangerous to the corporations, dangerous to the establishment. (This is not "Mattd" rhetoric about smashing the state...this is just the basic fact about these Mongo also makes the point that these,'interesting projects' are more likely to come from individuals and his old saw about how "technology" itself will result in manna from heaven.If both these propositions are true that still leaves most of us punks
with little to do.There's some evidence for that from some of the shit I've had to put up with lately from some underemployed trolls on this list.I will keep seeking to advance real crypto-anarchy,it would help if all of you dont mention my name.Dont tread on me.These "technologies" are also dangerous to wealthy individuals.Thank you.

@_date: 2002-03-23 06:23:11
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: They like to come on fridays 
As jim bell twigged and as my dell was taken on one,from now on I'll draw the blinds and not answer the door on fridays...
Post made yesterday (as comment)at melb Indymedia.
Dr perera has been sacked by me,I refuse to see him untill my formal complaint against him is
heard.I am not evading or discontinuing treatment as I indicated to Dr perera's superiors.
I will see any other Dr(s) and continue medication as prescribed.I have a good supply of olanzapine.
All this hasn't stopped Dr P seeking to have me taken to Bendigo.This was on me today without notice.I told the case workers that I would not go quietly unless I was
given a reason for this.They could not provide one and indicated they were just obeying orders.
They've gone for now when I told them I would resist unless I was given a reason."Dr P says I'm ill" is not a reason.
Apart from anything else,I dont believe I'd get a good hearing in Bendigo on a friday evening.(They came for me around
4.30 pm.)First thing monday I shall be seeking legal advice on how to sue Dr Perera and his employers,the Vic,health commission.END
Just noticed a related story at Amy Goldstein
Washington Post Staff Writer
Friday, March 22, 2002; Page A01
The Bush administration yesterday proposed changing some of the federal rules designed to protect the confidentiality of Americans' medical records, including the ability of patients to decide in advance who should be able to use their personal health information.MORE...

@_date: 2002-03-22 09:05:45
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: May's weak as piss political views. 
>>(Despite my very strong political views,<<
That I wont debate as I am an over the hill,paunchy wanker.
  >>I dislike the focus of the CP list on "legalpunks" crusades.Ditto for the focus of physical meetings, of other organizations, etc.<<
I guess I'm a closet marxist,its all going to fall in our lap.
  The war will be won with technology, not lawyers.) <<
Hunker in your bunker.

@_date: 2002-03-22 08:56:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Books, Ideas, the List, and Getting Back to Basics 
>>Who does? Only fascist regulators who can't get off unless they're grinding a boot-heel by proxy into the proles. They have to keep regulating and legislating in order to self-justify their values, no matter how fucked-up those values might be. To do otherwise might hurt their future Your allowed to sneak up on facists and shoot them in the back,strip them and run and hide,see,the french resistance.
Even wopersons can do it,look up the 'white mouse',nancy wake.Luckily today we can pay someone else to do the hard yards for us.If you were on this list in 96 you'd know that.Stop kissing Tims butt and read some archive's.
"Using encryption and digital cash the whole exercise would be within the law because the person who made the successful "prediction" would be anonymous and their reward would be untrackable, Mr Bell wrote."

@_date: 2002-03-22 08:41:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re:  Be a BASTARD 
>>> The 2nd Annual BASTARD (Berkeley Anarchist Students of Theory And Research > & Development) Anarchist conference will be Sunday March 31st, 2002, the > day after the San Francisco Anarchist Bookfair. Jeezuz. Can't even build a decent acronym, eh? Hint: "and", "the", and "of" don't freakin' count, you twit... - Dr. Strangelove --- "What, me worry?" -- Alfred E. Neuman
Actually as a jack Nicholson fan I'm opposed to misuse of that word even if it seems to becoming a term of endearment in some circles,( like "nigger'.)Also by posting material here I dont endorse every word or the way some articles are worded or even if they are from 'me'.No one likes a pedantic prick so take your twittery nyms and go fuck yourself,CHICKEN.

@_date: 2002-03-21 16:32:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Free hicks. 
The Fair Go For David Website has been set up in response to concerns from a growing number of Australians and other citizens from around the world. David is David Hicks, alleged Taliban member.
In December 2001 David, an Australian, was captured in Afghanistan which was being bombed by the Americans during George W. Bush's war on terror.
Five concerned people, including one American, met in February, 2002, and decided to investigate exactly what they could about David's case. At that stage David had been sent to Cuba by the US forces.
One of the reasons these people met was because one had been informed by an acquaintance of the Hicks' family that ASIO (Australian Security and intelligence Organisation) and Commonwealth Police had, on several occasions, visited the family home. Representatives from these organisations had taken Terry Hicks' computer

@_date: 2002-03-21 15:18:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Aussie hicks 
Hicks being 'presumed guilty'
March 21, 2002
AUSTRALIAN-born Taliban fighter David Hicks was being presumed guilty and his rights ignored by the American and Australian governments, his lawyer Adelaide-based lawyer Stephen Kenny today said it was doubtful whether Hicks could ever receive a fair trial.
Mr Kenny said the American and Australian governments were ignoring requests for information about Hicks, 26, who has been detained at a US military compound at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
"It appears to us that the Australian government is showing very little interest in having him repatriated," Mr Kenny told reporters today.
"He has been in Guantanamo Bay in a cage for 68 days - how long does it take them to make up their mind?"
Mr Kenny said his repeated letters to the Australian government about Hicks had not been answered.
"The Australian government appears quite simply to be ignoring our requests ... it appears the attorney-general is ignoring my requests," he said.
Mr Kenny said even if Prime Minister John Howard wanted Hicks to face trial here, the fate of the Adelaide-born Taliban fighter would be decided by "It is my belief that John Howard is not well regarded or well listened to in Washington, it appears that on many issues he is simply ignored," he said.
"It's unlikely they will take much notice of John Howard."
Mr Kenny also criticised US President George W Bush for comments made about the Guantanamo Bay detainees.
Mr Bush was quoted yesterday by Reuters as saying: "Remember, the ones in Guantanamo Bay are killers. They don't share the same values we share."
Mr Kenny said the comments were most concerning because if Hicks faced a US military tribunal, Mr Bush could ultimately decide the Australian's fate.
"We are extremely concerned about the president having the final say because it makes the findings of the military tribunal essentially irrelevant," he said.
"Even if they (the tribunal) found David Hicks innocent, President Bush may impose his own final decision.
"And given that he has already made comments along the lines of `remember they are killers' suggests that he has prejudged the issue."
Mr Kenny said he had "serious concerns about his (Hicks') ability to get a fair trial, even in Australia, considering the comments that have been made by various government ministers".
Mr Kenny said America changed the status of its detention of Hicks from a military order to "pursuant to the president's authority as commander in chief and under the laws and usages of war".
"It is simply one more step along what appears to be a road of indefinite detention," he said.
"It is no crime to be a soldier and that's what he was - he was a soldier in the Taliban army and, as far as I understand, under Australian law that is no crime."
FROM

@_date: 2002-03-21 12:58:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Be a BASTARD and boycott that lamer libertarian Declan 
The 2nd Annual BASTARD (Berkeley Anarchist Students of Theory And Research & Development) Anarchist conference will be Sunday March 31st, 2002, the day after the San Francisco Anarchist Bookfair. There will be workshops, a panel discussion, videos and a spontaneous discussion room. Last year's conference was great and we are hoping for the same this year. If you are in the area at the end of March come on by and wax anarchic with us. It will be at New College this year, 777 Valencia St. in San Francisco, 10:00 am - 6:00 pm. The cost is $1.00. (cheap) (no one turned away for lack of funds). There will be a scheduled lunch break this year and several restaurants will be open, but no food, alcohol, drugs or pets will be allowed in the venue. No cell phones or recording devices either, thanks. For more info contact-- (510) 239-2239x2662 email: asg or check the web at  zarfling BASTARD

@_date: 2002-03-21 12:38:11
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Waxing celebrities 
A great way to kick start Apster,the publicity would rival an OJ hit.John Travolta,Tom Cruise,kirstie Alley must die.
Their pox ridden 'religon' is censoring the web.This must not stand.I find their beliefs no more absurd than any other religon but their continuing meddling with the net is insulting and outrageous.It must be nipped in the bud.(my 2$)
"Historically, it has been essentially impossible to adequately motivate an assassin, ensuring his safety and anonymity as well, if only because it has been impossible to PAY him in a form that nobody can trace, and to ensure the silence of all potential witnesses. Even if a person was willing to die in the act, he would want to know that the people he chooses would get the reward, but if they themselves were identified they'd be targets of revenge. All that's changed with the advent of public-key encryption and digital cash. Now, it should be possible to announce a standing offer to all comers that a large sum of digital cash will be sent to him in an untraceable fashion should he meet certain "conditions," conditions which don't even have to include proving (or, for that matter, even claiming) that he was somehow responsible for a death."J.Bell.

@_date: 2002-03-21 11:36:00
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The HPsucker proxy 
Having almost finished 'Burn Rate,"I found this amusing.Dan has plugged a republican in the Cali Guber,but I wont kill him just yet.

@_date: 2002-03-21 11:20:10
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Assassinating larry,wouldnt it just save time and money? 
Sue Ellison, analyst tells Oracle users
By Andrew Orlowski in San Francisco
Posted: 20/03/2002 at 23:39 GMT
Meta Group analyst Mark Shainman says Oracle users should take legal action to block the database giant from renegotiating some license fees.
Meta says customers who aggregate feeds to and from data warehouses on Oracle databases are now being asked to pay more. The issue arises, according to Meta, because batch jobs to the database are now being considered by Oracle as several, rather than one request. Oracle supports multiplexing, or pooling data through a proxy, from several sources into one request. Oracle now wants to regard this as many requests, rather than one request.
Shainman says this could result in a fivefold increase for some users. He says users should go to court to defend existing license arrangements.
Oracle says it's being entirely consistent, and characterizes the Meta bulletin as a "misunderstanding".
Readers with first hand experience of the new multiplexing license arrangement should get in touch. We'd like to hear from you. .

@_date: 2002-03-21 11:11:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Two shot at world trade centre! 
Two Protesters Shot at International Protest in Ecuador
The closing protest of the Campamento Internacional in Ecuador has been marred by police violence. Cops teargassed the demonstration even after informing their superiors of the protest's nonviolent nature. Two protesters were shot with live ammunition by a security guard at the World Trade Center in Quito. Neither one is seriously injured.
The Campamento Internacional saw a week of protests against the Free Trade Area of the Americas and Plan Colombia, as well as forums and workshops for activists to network and discuss viable alternatives to neoliberalism and capitalism. More coverage and information is available at Indymedia Colombia.
The repression brought quick denouncements from APDH del Ecuador and other [ Photo of Shot Man | More Photos ]AT Breaking news of explosion in Peru.

@_date: 2002-03-21 10:58:05
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Getting back to basics.Crypto-anarchy. 
I've already written about the hideous birth of this deformed creation,regardless of that,the natural selection of good ideas has
selected the May version of 'anarchy' for extinction and his narrow corporado focus of crypto apps has spread out a little.
With the rapid catch-up of 'politics' to the tech explosion,there are expanding opportunities to align the technical with the social revolution.Are we not punks?
Even the ramping up of state repression,homeland security,neighborhood watch,witchhunts,etc can work in our favour.The arms race of spy vs security has taken on exponential features as other features online stabilize.The exponential increase of people online internationally,also continues.The State now tacitly accepts that 'the rats out of the bag,"and managing perceptions is the last best hope to stave off disaster,(for them and their crony capitalist friends.)That task is getting beyond them also as peoples media explodes exponentialy.
We clearly stand poised on the very brink of crypto-anarchy,real CA that threatens the interests of many of the 'pants down republicans" on this list.The fact they are discouraged and dropping off,like BU is cause for rejoicing.The International and cosmopolitan crypto-anarchs will not miss them.Racist,sexist,parchment worship are the occupations of 'stupid white men.'
Good riddance to them.Crypto-anarchy has a great future,I look forward to our success soon so we may free our comrade,jim Bell and others like leonard Peltier,Chris Boyce and all the drug war prisoners.FREE at LAST,THANK APster ALMIGHTY,FREE AT LAST!

@_date: 2002-03-21 10:17:00
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re:  Radical thinker Chomsky doesn't fail,(he does actually.) 
>>> Chomsky said his political world view is little changed since the Sept. 11 > terrorist attacks on America. After all, to much of the undeveloped world, > America is the terrorist, Chomsky said.
  I respect his politics.
 > Fifty years ago, Chomsky turned the world of linguistics on its ear with > the scientific conjecture that human beings are born with an innate ability > to learn language. Japanese, English, Urdu and Swahili are just nuances of > the same skill, he said. > > Humans can speak and learn language, but animals cannot, he noted.
  Anthropocentric butthead, then and now. This assertion has been proven wrong so many times. Hell an afternoon with a dog will demonstrate how false this is. He really should stick to politics, his science fucking sucks. <<
Theres a review of a new book branching out of Chomps field in the 16 march,new scientist.Its called,"Foundations of language,"by ray jackendoff.(a distant cousin,jim 'jackenoff' shoat?) John Zerzan dismisses Chompsky's linguistic endeavors
at An interesting view of how our voicebox dropped can be found Chompsky has recently called for more powers for the State to regulate Corporado's,he's also played footsie with the ISO.
As an anarchist I dont respect those politics.
He did write at least one essential work,"Objectivity and liberal scholarship."
Speaking of  Anthropocentric butthead's,Konrad Lorenz's observations of rats in ,"On Agression,"have been demonstrated to be closer to disney than hard science and anecdotal evidence shows that shoate is under pressure and knows his days are numbered.

@_date: 2002-03-21 09:38:00
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: List analysis. 
>>Nonetheless, others will attack your classification, starting with me! For the most part, I agree with your classification (and not just because my only post made it into the coveted "signal" category), but I think you made a clear error in putting the "meta discussions" posts into the "noise" category. As evidence, I submit your very post to which I am now replying. Clearly it falls into the "meta discussions" category, but if you seriously considered it to be noise you wouldn't have posted it, right? Or are you deliberately posting noise? why would you do such a thing? <<
The answer could be in the archives,the petrie dish is embaressed over a recent incident and is trying to cover up.Its an 'attack out of left field,"according to the snitch.You should ask him what I have a few times Why you outed *CJ here when you should have known that that would get him in shit with the Goon squad.
What were you thinking?
Were you distracted by the SEC investigation?
Or pressing business with the Peoples republic?Your silence is increasingly

@_date: 2002-03-20 16:20:15
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: More lies from Jimbo 
>>Me a Republican?...now that's funny. I'm a staunch indy, I'll make my own mind up thank you very much. <<
"Democratic command structures" where the elected makes a decision for the group is a republican concept, not democratic, let alone anarchist.Your a staunch loser james,You couldnt even get Mongo shot to shit.You'll be trying to staunch blood soon if I have my way.No one slanders my friends and lives.The 1st known victim of APster,how does that grb ya? Enough room on your tombstone for that and do you have a meat adress there texmam?
"The more corrupt the republic, the more numerous the laws." --Tacitus.
KillthepresidentKillthepresidentKillthepresidentKillthepresidentKillthepresidentKillthepresidentKillthepresident.

@_date: 2002-03-20 11:41:21
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Blinded by the right. 
BLINDED BY THE RIGHT
The Conscience of an Ex-Conservative
By David Brock
Crown. 336 pp. $25.95
Say what you want about David Brock, but he sure knows his clothes. In his new memoir, Blinded by the Right, the now flagrantly repentant right-wing attack dog recalls that when he first worked at the Washington Times, his "impeccably tailored" boss, Arnaud de Borchgrave, complimented his "pale-blue spread-collar shirt" from Neiman-Marcus with these words: "Young man, who is your shirtmaker?" One Republican mover and shaker, Brock reveals, wore a "navy blue suit and Hermhs tie," while John Fund of the Wall Street Journal went around in "brown double-knit suits" and Matt Drudge "often was clad in an ill-fitting seersucker suit and straw fedora." More up Brock's line, obviously, were the ensembles favored by R. Emmett Tyrrell, his editor at the American Spectator, whose taste ran to "Savile Row suits and Turnbull & Asser shirts and ties." Comments Brock: "I found myself wanting the material comforts he had."
It didn't take long before he got them. His bestselling 1993 book, The Real Anita Hill, and his American Spectator Troopergate stories, which led to the Lewinsky scandals, made the young journalist not only a movement hero but also a rich man. (Friends called his D.C. townhouse "the house that Anita Hill built.") So valuable was he to his conservative allies that when threats of outing forced him to acknowledge his homosexuality, even the most abhorrent gay-bashers among them kept inviting him to parties. (Lucky His biggest triumph of all was the million-dollar advance he got for The Seduction of Hillary Rodham. Yet he couldn't bring himself to write the vicious slam his editors expected. He looked for dirt, he says, but found little. What's more, he liked the lady: "In finding Hillary Clinton's humanity, I was beginning to find my own." When the book appeared in 1996, the right turned on him. Party invitations dried up. The next year, he got a splashy Esquire article, "Confessions of a Right-Wing Hit Man," out of his fall from grace; later, the same magazine ran an "open letter" in which he apologized to Clinton for Troopergate. (Clinton accepted.)
Now, in Blinded by the Right, Brock goes whole hog, retracting pretty much the entire oeuvre on which he made his rep. He admits he knowingly printed lies. He apologizes to Anita Hill. And he claims that deep down he was, all along, not a conservative but a classical liberal.
Why, then, did he ever become a "right-wing hit man" -- and remain one even after the fall of Soviet communism, when the right turned its ire on gays? He offers many explanations. In attacking the left, he was only expressing his own gay self-hatred. He was courting his reactionary father's -- and colleagues' -- approval. ("The sad reality," he tells us, "is that I was trying to fill my unmet, private emotional needs through my professional life.") Also, his parents had raised him to be an unreflective camp follower -- and besides, he "didn't have the ability, or temperament, or patience" to write intellectual-type essays "for highbrow publications like Commentary." And then, of course, there were those Savile Row suits.
And oh, the parties! He still seems to cherish the memory of those fabulous movement soiries, about which he quotes himself being quoted in National Review: "Losers don't have good parties. Part of what energizes the Washington social scene is being in power."
Now, however, he's eager to pillory himself. The old David Brock, he asserts, was "a mad dog, an emotional monster," "a whore for the cash," "unbalanced," "a Jew in Hitler's army," "a witting cog in the Republican sleaze machine." "I didn't know," he acknowledges, "what good reporting was." He quotes the worst things critics said about him, and agrees with every word. In a strange way, it's both too much and, somehow, not enough.
He insists he's learned compassion. Yet alternating with these hyperbolic mea culpas are reams of familiar-sounding trash talk. Notorious for calling Anita Hill "a little bit nutty and a little bit slutty," Brock now serves up equally tacky putdowns of dozens of ex-friends, including "right-wing fag hags" Ann Coulter, Laura Ingraham and Arianna Huffington. Berating himelf for having smeared liberals with ideologically irrelevant gossip, some of it secondhand and unconfirmed, he now does exactly the same thing to conservatives. (For good measure, he also disses one left-winger, Christopher Hitchens, whom he describes, none too charitably, as "misshapen, unkempt, and seemingly unshowered.") It's neither a pretty nor a dignified performance.
Brock says he's traded "party-line polemics" for "independent thinking." Yet at the same time he purports to have reclaimed his boyhood hero-worship of RFK (he refers, without a hint of irony, to "the brimming idealism of the Kennedy clan"). Can it be that he's put "all those Bobs -- Bork, Tyrrell, Dornan, Bartley, Barr" behind him only to embrace the legend of Bobby?
And if he has, is he sincere about it? "I lost my soul," he laments; now, he maintains, he's found his conscience. One thing's for sure: he's found a new -- and well-dressed -- social circle. Toward book's end, born-again Brock attends "the annual black-tie dinner" of a gay-rights lobbying group, where he basks in the glow of "a graceful poem by Maya Angelou, and a heartfelt speech by Vice President Al Gore." Remembering that exactly four years earlier he'd been at a Christian Coalition conference, he declares that he feels "happy, finally, to be in the right place, both morally and Yet given Brock's unsavory record, his continued below-the-belt attacks and his obvious talent for turning contrition into a career move, it's fair to ask: Where is he really, morally and emotionally? We know where he is geographically: He's still living in "the house that Anita Hill built." His professions of remorse may well be sincere; I'll believe them for sure the day he hands Ms. Hill the keys to the house. 
Bruce Bawer is the author of "A Place at the Table: The Gay Individual in American Society" and "Stealing Jesus: How Fundamentalism Betrays Christianity." FROM

@_date: 2002-03-20 11:30:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Fuck microsoft.com 
Microsoft 'killed Dell Linux' - States
By Andrew Orlowski in San Francisco
Posted: 19/03/2002 at 09:33 GMT
Microsoft sharpshooter Joachim Kempin, who was convicted of illegally shooting antelope in Montana in 1998, has been turning his guns on a more familiar target: Microsoft's own OEM customers.
The States' remedy hearing opened in DC yesterday, and States attorney Steven Kuney produced a devastating memo from Kempin, then in charge of Microsoft's OEM business, written after Judge Jackson had ordered his break-up of the company. Kempin raises the possibility of threatening Dell and other PC builders which promote Linux.
"I'm thinking of hitting the OEMs harder than in the past with anti-Linux. ... they should do a delicate dance," Kempin wrote to Ballmer, in what is sure to be a memorable addition to the phrases ("knife the baby", "cut off the air supply") with which Microsoft enriched the English language in the first trial. Unlike those two, this is not contested.
The bullets aimed Spaghetti Western-style at the feet of the dancing OEMs translate to Microsoft withholding source code, according to the memo.
For these details we're indebted to eWeek's Darryl Taft, who unlike some his fellow reporters, appeared to stay for the afternoon session of the hearing. His account of the day's proceedings can be found here, and includes the delicious detail that late in the afternoon, Sun Microsystems was desperately trying to close the session, arguing that cross examination would reveal confidential information submitted under seal.
Reuters also mentions the Linux threat in passing, but compare and contrast with The New York Times, which doesn't. CNET and Wired simply carry the Reuters report.
Earlier memos described that it was "untenable" that a key Microsoft partner was promoting Linux. Kuney revealed that Dell disbanded its Linux business unit in early 2001. Dell quietly pulled Linux from its desktop PCs in the summer of 2001, IDG's Ashlee Vance discovered subsequently, six months after we heard Michael Dell declare his love of Linux on the desktop the previous winter.
Compaq was also mentioned in other memos, with Microsoft taking the line that OEMs should "meet demand but not help create demand" for Linux.
Kempin was Microsoft's chief OEM enforcer in the second half of the nineties, contributing a string of memorable memos to the 1998 Trial, and takes the credit for ensuring that the price of a Windows rose as the price of PCs were falling, during this period.
"The plaintiffs are not here to punish Microsoft - the plaintiffs' goals are to make Microsoft behave properly," argued a States' attorney. But how? Short of obliging the executives to wear antelope horns and race in front of an SUV under a hail of rifle fire, it's hard to see what language they understand. .
Carry on Kempin
Cut a deal or you don't get Win95 - IBM faces PC suicide
Secret deals MS uses to control PC companies
MS OEM VP to IBM: dump Lotus and we'll cut a deal
MS exec's hunting trip: illegally chased and shot 4 antelopes
MS paid $50k to buy 'Compaq of Europe' out of DR-DOS deal
MS exec in shock Windows is great white whale claim
MS pricing strategy exposed - cheap when there's competition, but...
Kempin, star MS enforcer, gets Ballmer special projects gig
FROM Window v. Lindows - round one to underdog
By Drew Cullen
Posted: 19/03/2002 at 13:28 GMT
Lindows.com has won the first round in its legal trademark battle against A Seattle court last week denied Microsoft's motion to stop Lindows.com from using this name for its company and LindowsOS for its new operating system. Worse, for Microsoft, the company may have shot itself in the foot by launching the action in the first place.
In his ruling Judge John C. Coughenour said: "Microsoft has raised serious questions about the validity of its trademark [Windows]."
This may deter Microsoft from further action - any appeal and it could risk having Windows explicitly stripped as a trademark. We shall see.
In the meantime Lindows.com is victorious, and it looks increasingly like our initial assessment of its chances of success were wrong. .
Coughenour's ruling.

@_date: 2002-03-20 11:20:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Mongo dragged from lake? 
SACRAMENTO: Authorities have recovered a fourth body believed dumped by the mob in a deep lake.
Two bodies were pulled on Sunday from beneath a bridge in New Melones Lake, a reservoir in the Sierra Nevada foothills. A third was found under a second bridge over the lake on Monday, and a fourth - apparently a woman - was pulled from the lake yesterday.
All four were recovered by a remotely operated submersible vehicle and brought to the surface by divers.
FBI spokesman Nick Rossi said more bodies could be submerged in the water more than 60 metres deep.
Rossi would not comment on the victims' cause of death. He said the investigation began in another FBI office, but gave no further details.
The FBI also is investigating whether the body of a man found floating in the lake on October 18 with his hands bound and a plastic bag over his head was a victim of an organised crime hit, Rossi said.
The victim was identified yesterday as Tim May, a Corralitos retiree. The cause of death was strangulation, according to a death certificate.Nic Rossi just called to say he has resigned and changed his name fearing an APster outbreak.
"They make the Mafia look like rotarians,"he squeaked as he hung up.

@_date: 2002-03-20 10:52:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Memo to RSA head office;Sacked Chinese murder their bosses 
March 19, 2002
Sacked Chinese murder their bosses
 From Oliver August in Xiannin.
WORKERS in Chinas industrial heartland have started killing their bosses in protest at mass redundancies.
In three recent, gruesome cases, managers at neighbouring state-owned factories were murdered in disputes with their employees.
Sources say that labour-related killings have become widespread as reform programmes try to shift millions of workers into the private sector. Among the worst affected areas is Hubei province in central China, once the cradle of Maoist heavy industry but now weighed down with thousands of dead-end factories.
In Xianning, a town 100 miles south of the Yangtse River, unemployed workers play cards at a decrepit chemical fibre factory while discussing its impending bankruptcy. They seem to accept the murder of their boss by Xu Yudong, a sacked colleague, as an almost normal by-product of Government Many of Xiannings residents share the frustrations of Xu, a 28-year-old worker who was laid off last October. The manager of the fibre plant, Wang Shihua, offered him a redundancy package worth  after eight years of employment. Xu is said to have protested: The severance pay is too little. Its not even enough to start a small business. What am I going to do when I get old? The manager agreed to increase the package to  but Xu was still dissatisfied. When he began work at the plant in 1993, the Communist Party was promising lifetime employment. Now, the Communists wanted to throw him out with little hope of a new job.
Xu returned to Mr Wangs office on October 31 to negotiate again but this time he was armed with a fruit knife. Mr Wang rejected his renewed demands and an enraged Xu pulled out his knife and stabbed him in the lower abdomen. Mr Wang died in hospital the same day. Xu was sentenced to death three weeks later and executed in January.
In the street outside the factory, grimy children play a game called Kill the Boss in which they re-enact the managers death, pretending to stab and throttle each other.
A worker called Xiang said that people had become used to eating from the iron rice bowl, the Chinese expression for a state-allocated job, guaranteed for life. They dont know anything else, so when thats taken away all of a sudden, they dont know what to do with themselves, he said.
Mr Wangs murder is one of three at Hubeis state-owned enterprises in less than six months. In Huanggang, two hours drive north of Xianning, the 19-year-old son of a man laid off from Huanggang Aluminium Group killed the general manager who had sacked 10 per cent of the workforce.
Even the Xinhua state news agency, which usually plays down such incidents, reported that the son was enraged at his fathers redundancy and by the wealth of the general manager, an allusion to corrupt practices.
The agency also reported the killing of the deputy manager of a subsidiary of Xiangfan Xiangyang Resources as he was closing the insolvent company. He, too, was the victim of a sacked worker.
Beijing has admitted that unemployment is one of its biggest problems. Although the official total is seven million, the real figure may be more than 100 million.
How do you like them apples petrie? Justice is coming for you.

@_date: 2002-03-20 10:40:00
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A Would cities exist in an anarchist society? 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER Q. Would cities exist in an anarchist society? A. Some people believe that anarchism is such a simple philosophy, that anarchists are incapable of living in a highly complex post industrial society. The utopian vision of life in an anarchist world revolves around the creation of self-sufficient, self-rural villages. Unfortunately the reality of feeding and housing a population of over six billion people, makes a mockery of this utopian vision. Cities would continue to exist in an anarchist society, what would change would be the way these cities are organised and how they function. A greater deal of time and energy would go into making cities self-sufficient and sustainable. Energy sources would change from highly centralised sources to decentralised sources that are sustainable. At the end of the day, whoever controls energy production in a community controls that community. Relying on centralised energy production creates the conditions for the re-imposition of authoritarian controls over a community. Local government and local participation would play a much greater role in an anarchist city, each street would develop a mechanism by which people meet and make decisions about how they interact and live. Shopping centres would give way to distribution centres, possibly the range and variety of goods that are produced would decrease, because production revolves around the need to meet human need, not to create a profit for profits sake. Information and recreation centres would become the hub of city life. Information exchange about what work needs to be done, what rosters need to be organised, accommodation available and decisions to be reviewed, would be a critical feature of life in a city. People would become active participants because without their active participation, things would grind to a halt. The problem isn9t cities per say, the problem is how cities are organised, how they meet people9s needs and whether they can become sustainable entities. To deny that cities will play a role in a future anarchist society, is to deny the reality of human history.

@_date: 2002-03-20 10:38:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Its not over...it hasnt even really started. 
IT9S NOT OVER TILL THE FAT LADY SINGS All those Western political commentators who stated that September the 11th marked the end of anti-globalisation protests have egg on their faces. On the weekend over 500,000 protestors demonstrated against the European Union meeting in Barcelona that has opened Europe9s borders to trans-national corporations. The anti-globalisation movement is not dead and buried, it9s alive and well and is regrouping across the world. The September the 11th attacks were conducted by people who are a mirror image of the United States government. They were conducted by a rigid, hierarchical religious movement that has more in common with George W. Bush9s government, than the anti-globalisation movement. The movement against the global expansion of trans-national interests is a movement that has nothing in common with religious fundamentalists who are trying to impose their view of the world on everybody within their sphere of influence. The anti-globalisation struggle, is a struggle that allows local communities to develop their own future. It9s a movement that wants to see the free movement of people, the breakdown of national borders and the regulation of trans-national corporations. The so called free trade lobby is a lobby that is willing to ride roughshod over local interests in the pursuit of global profits. Their responsibility lies primarily to their major shareholders, not to the people. Free trade is all about breaking down local and national boundaries to maximise trans-national corporate profits. It has nothing to do with the free exchange of goods. Free trade is a euphemism for corporate domination of local interests. That9s why the anti-globalisation movement is set to grow. Its strength lies in its ability to foster local autonomy over global control. That9s why Seattle, Washington, Melbourne, Geona, Prague and now Barcelona are not aberrations that will disappear from the political and social scene.

@_date: 2002-03-20 10:06:04
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: In Thrall,anarchy in Aotearoa 
The thrall website has just been updated to include the latest issue of Thrall. Thrall is a class struggle anarchist magazine from New Zealand/Aotearoa. Thrall number 22 (Jan/Feb 2002) includes articles on: -  From Argentina to Aotearoa - Organising against Capitalism in the 21st century (opening address to the latest anarchist conference in NZ) - Anarchy in the RK part one (a history of anarchism in South Korea) - Bac to SMOG: a brief history of a Christchurch community newspaper and Beneficiaries group - The 24 dollar minute: an analysis of the proposed Te Aro bypass in Wellington - War is Terrorism: news from anti-war actions in NZ - and a news round-up. check it out at  Thrall is free, but we would really appreciate donations/stamps etc. We also appreciate contributions/letters/pictures. Send em to the address below. Cheers, ===== Thrall PO Box 22-076 Christchurch AOTEAROA/NEW ZEALAND e-mail: thrallnet website:  or

@_date: 2002-03-20 09:49:11
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Thats 'Leitel' as in pedophile. 
89 Charged in Online Child Porn Network
  Crime: The FBI, in its most aggressive crackdown yet, says 20-state ring swapped images through Yahoo.
       Times Headlines
States Fight for More Microsoft Penalties
Workers Rejecting Deal, Hewlett Says
Qwest Amends $4-Billion Bank Credit Agreement
89 Charged in Online Child Porn Network.
By P.J. HUFFSTUTTER and KAREN KAPLAN, TIMES STAFF WRITERS
Marking the most aggressive and widespread government crackdown over online obscenity, federal investigators on Monday charged more than 89 people--including Little League coaches, eight clergy members, a school bus driver and at least one police officer--with belonging to a 20-state child pornography ring that met and swapped explicit images through Yahoo Inc.
The FBI said it had arrested 19 people in recent days, bringing the total to 40 in the last 14 months as part of its "Operation Candyman." At least 50 more arrests are expected this week.
The arrests come amid a stepped-up attack on child exploitation by the Department of Justice and state officials eager to crack down on Internet pornography. Beginning next month, a Pennsylvania law will hold Internet service providers criminally liable if the companies do not block any site that the state attorney general's office deems to offer child pornography.
'A New Marketplace . . . Has Emerged'
Authorities say their goal is to close off a growing maze of Internet back alleys they say have made children more susceptible than ever to sexual "It is clear that a new marketplace for child pornography has emerged in the dark corners of cyberspace," Atty. Gen. John Ashcroft said at a news conference at FBI headquarters. "Hidden in the vastness of the Internet, innocent boys and girls have been targeted by offenders who view them as sexual objects. These offenders have tried to use technology and anonymity of the Internet to trade child pornography, and these individuals must be Civil libertarians and the high-tech industry worry that such a crackdown could be taken too far, and note that even the federal definition of "child pornography" is under review by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Federal law makes it a crime to sell or possess "any visual depiction" that seems to show a sex act--simulated or real--involving an actor who appears to be a minor. Congress later expanded the definition to include even "computer-generated images," such as cartoons and video games, that portray minors in apparent sexual positions.
Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor expressed skepticism during a hearing last year. She questioned whether the Oscar-winning film "Traffic" could fall under the law's broad definition of illegal pornography. One scene portrays the underage daughter of an official in the war on drugs apparently having sex with a drug dealer.
"The language is extremely open to interpretation," said attorney H. Louis Sirkin, who represents the Free Speech Coalition, a collection of adult-film makers that is challenging the federal statute in the Supreme Court. "Is it child pornography when there's no real child involved?"
The computer files targeted in "Operation Candyman" involved images that are "very explicit . . . hard-core sexual exploitation of our children," said Michael Heimbach of the FBI's Crimes Against Children unit. FBI officials declined to say if the material swapped and sought in three Yahoo discussion groups contained photos, videos, animation or any files with audio.
Like music fans with Napster, tens of millions of Internet users have transformed the club and community sections of Yahoo's "EGroup" networks into havens for swapping hard-core images.
"We applaud the efforts of the Department of Justice and the FBI in apprehending individuals who engage in the creation and online distribution of illegal content," said Yahoo spokeswoman Mary Osako.
Group Claimed About 4,600 U.S. Members
Yahoo officials have acknowledged that their members have created virtual red-light districts, just as others have built virtual communities focused on snowboarding and needlepoint.
One of the Yahoo groups depicted itself this way: "This group is for People who love kids. You can post any type of messages you like too or any type of pics and vids you like too." One of the groups was dubbed "Candyman," and the other two have not been identified because investigators still are tracing suspects through their e-mail addresses.
The "Candyman" group claimed more than 7,000 members, including about 4,600 in the United States, the FBI said. It's not clear if each of those members is a unique individual, or if there are cases of one person having multiple The FBI did not disclose a full list of the people charged in this case or if any of the suspects come from Southern California, which is considered the capital of the commercial adult-film industry.
Identifying, charging and arresting the thousands of people affected by Monday's action could take several months. The FBI hasn't decided whether to pursue the roughly 2,400 group members in other countries, the official Those charged so far include a foster parent, two Catholic priests, and medical, educational, military and law enforcement professionals, according to the FBI.
One of the suspects is Father Thomas A. Rydzewski, an associate pastor at the Cathedral of Mary Our Queen in Baltimore. Arrested on Dec. 13, he was charged with possession of child pornography. Rydzewski told the FBI that he "has long had a curiosity" about child pornography and that he sometimes connected to Internet newsgroups that promote it.
In Las Vegas, the FBI arrested Beckham Baker, a 23-year-old teacher's aide at a day-care facility, Special Agent Gayle Jacobs said. Baker was arrested Feb. 7 on one count of possessing child pornography and one count of receiving it. He was arrested six weeks ago because he works with children and is considered more of a threat, though he is free on bail, Jacobs said.
The FBI said Monday that 27 of the people arrested in conjunction with "Operation Candyman" have admitted to molesting more than 36 children.
Since 1995, a Boston-based FBI task force dubbed "Innocent Images" has been focused on proliferation of child pornography and other harmful and exploitative material on the Internet. FBI investigators in Houston joined the task force and initiated the investigation into the Candyman Internet group early last year. The investigation quickly expanded to include two other Yahoo EGroups. It's not clear whether all 89 people charged Monday were members of the Candyman group.
States Follow Federal Government's Lead
Monday's news follows last year's "Operation Avalanche," in which about 100 people were arrested by the FBI in a two-year undercover sting. U.S. officials later forwarded the names of 9,000 Web subscribers to local authorities because of the users' "predilection" for child pornography.
"We will diligently shut down any and all Web sites, EGroups, bulletin boards and any other mediums that will foster the continued exploitation of our children," said FBI Director Robert Mueller.
Some states are following the federal cue. Pennsylvania's law requires hundreds of Internet service providers such as America Online and EarthLink to remove or disable access to child pornography within five days of being notified by the state attorney general.
Surprisingly, the ACLU's Pennsylvania chapter praised the bill, noting that an Internet user whose access is cut off could seek redress in court.
But technology executives countered that tracking such sites can be a herculean task on the anonymous, global network.
"This is technically impossible for us to do," said Sue Ashdown, director of the American Internet Service Provider Assn., an organization of small ISPs.
Officials with AOL said they have scheduled meetings with the Pennsylvania attorney general's office to discuss the law, said company spokesman Nicholas Graham.
Times staff writer Aaron Zitner in Washington and Associated Press contributed to this report.
If you want other stories on this topic, search the Archives at latimes.com/archives. For information about reprinting this article, go to

@_date: 2002-03-20 09:40:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: au patriot games 
Three Bills have been introduced into Federal Parliament that will amend the Criminal Code Act 1995 in such a way as to cause major political and social concern to all Australians. The Security Legislation Amendment (Terrorism) Bill 2002, The Espionage and Related Offences Act 2002 and the suppression of the Financing of Terrorism Act 2002, have been introduced under the guise of combating terrorism. Each Bill has profound implications for individuals and organisations in this country. The Security Legislation Amendment Bill, defines a terrorist act "as a specified action or threat of action that is made with the intention of advancing a political, religious or ideological cause". Although "Lawful advocacy protest and dissent and industrial action are expressly excluded from the ambit of the definition", the rapidly shrinking common law space surrounding protest and industrial action, clearly draws legitimate political and workplace action within the definition of the terrorist act. The Bill does not draw a distinction between a threat of action and the action itself and condemns both categories of offenders to prison terms, ranging from 25 years, to life imprisonment. The proposed laws turns established legal principles on their heads "It Is therefore not necessary to prove fault in relation to the terrorist connection. If it exists, in fact the person is liable". The most dangerous aspect of this Bill, is the power that the Attorney General holds over any organisation that exists in this country. An organisation can be banned by the Attorney General "regardless of whether the organisation has been charged or convicted of an offence" and an organisation can be banned "regardless of whether the member has been charged or convicted of an offense". This proposed change gives the Federal Attorney General powers that a dictator would be proud of. The Espionage and Related Offences Act 2002, turns Australia9s six intelligence agencies from spying, into policing agencies. It gives them the power to detain, interrogate and imprison anybody they like, on almost a personal whim. The Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism Act 2002, gives the State the power to strip individuals and organisations of their assets on the flimsiest of grounds. Those people who say that this legislation, would only be used in the most extreme cases, only has to look at how ASIO was asked to monitor the electronic communications in Laurie Brereton9s parliamentary office and the illegal monitoring of calls surrounding the Tampa fiasco, to realise that these laws will be used to curtail legitimate domestic political activity. The only good thing about these Bills, is that there is still a slim chance they can be blocked in the Senate. The Labor Party needs to be shamed into blocking the three bills in the Senate. If the Labor Party parliamentary caucus allows these bills to pass through the Senate, it needs to understand that the trickle of true believers that have deserted the party will turn into a hemorrhage that will destroy it as a political force in this country.

@_date: 2002-03-20 09:38:32
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: We are everywhere...even Dusseldorf. 
This is a second paper written for a working group for a conference in Duesseldorf, Germany. Anti Globalisation, World Wide Class Struggle In the last two years (since Seattle) the left, in Europe as elsewhere, have been successful in a few noteworthy mobilisations, that would not have been thought possible before. The high point was surely forcing the closure of the IMF / WB Summit in Prague, where 11,000 cops didn't get there to stop us form attacking the summit. However at the end of the day, such successful actions are just symbolic attacks. The premature ending of such a summit hinders the daily functioning of Capitalism, however not the Capital valorisation process. A movement that really wants to place the capitalist system in question, has to leave the symbolic plane, and attack the capitalist relations in the everyday life of exploitation and need. It is clear that this can't be done on a big scale, with what is understood as the 'anti-globalisation movement'. Up till now, after the militant Anti-globalisation demos, we return obediently to our every everyday lives where we work and pay for everything. A movement can however begin to attack the foundations of the power, if it places precisely this everyday exploitation in question - i.e.: if we, as the working class, who reproduce this system daily, get into movement. Where we keep the machines running through our daily work, we could also bring them to a stand still. That has only got the prospect of long term success if such struggles take place on an international level, relating to each other. This perspective can often appears to us here in Germany to be very unrealistic, because with us the ruling class seems to be so firmly in the saddle as nowhere else. So it may not be noticed, that capitalism is in a global crisis, that compels the world working class to fight. In different corners of the world the struggle is breaking out, whereby the usual mechanisms spring into action, to channel, integrate and render harmless the protests. It is not only in other countries, but also here with us that struggles take place, and they have a certain tendency, to become more similar to each other. In order to show this, we want to introduce in this working group, examples of different class struggles world wide: For example in Argentina: The land know as the model land of Neo-liberalism and complies with the conditions of the IMF, with brutal austerity measures at the cost of the people. For years there have been uprisings and occupied factories in different parts of the country. A movement of the unemployed began to get organised and block the major roads with burning barricades. There was little focus - until the rage exploded on the 19 and 20 December in a common peoples uprising, which overturned the government. In the next two weeks, five presidents took the role and immediately resigned in fast succession. The old apparatus of parties and unions had nothing to say. The people organised themselves, in the streets, in workplaces, in groups in their city neighbourhoods. For example in Paris: At the end of October 2001 the longest strike in a fast food company began in the McDonalds branch in Paris, it ended after 115 days, with success: The sacked people, who were the trigger point for the strike, came back to work after a court judgement, on top of that they got the back-pay for when they were on strike and negotiations over wage increases for the 800 McDonalds branches in France are under way. The strike had wide support. There were demonstrations every Saturday in front of the McDonalds branches. Other fast-food outlets in France have also got to striking point, and employees have started to organise themselves across different companies. McDonalds will no longer be the exhausted symbol of the `American way of life`, but as exploiter and the sharp end of the precarianisation of the work relations. (See the leaflet that was distributed in German McDonalds on:  For example Brighton: After the privatisation of the bin men, the workers refused to implement the increased work standards. They were sacked and occupied the factory in June 2001. Together with supporters they prevented the trucks with scabs, from driving out through the picket lines. A successful action: the contract with the private firm was terminated, the sacked workers were taken on again, the wages for the time of the occupation were paid and the pre-privatisation work standards were re-introduced. (See report in Wildcat-Zirkular Nr 59/60, Summer 2001,  For example Cologne: in front of an office block, in November 2001 twenty Turkish men and women danced in the rain to the rhythm of drums and flutes. "An end to the exploitation" read the banners. The target of the demo was a call centre running an 'ethno-marketing' business: Turkish speaking workers selling telecom products to Turkish speaking customers. When the workers tried to set up a works council (similar to a union) the company reacted with dismissals. The remaining colleagues did not venture out onto the street too, but must have been pleased with the loud and strong demonstration. Support from the German side was unfortunately not forthcoming. For example. In the working group we want examine the question of how we can keep up with such struggles, what they have to do with us and how we can relate to them. Work-shy Internationalists of Ehrenfeld.

@_date: 2002-03-20 09:34:57
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: We are everywhere...even texas. 
THE TX ABC MEETING: NOTES
MARCH 8th and 9th '02
Attending: Houston ABC, Dallas/Ft. Worth ABC, Austin ABC,and folks from San
Antonio that were interested in started an ABC. FYI: Some of the groups
were new to ABC work so this was also an educational event as well as a
goal to solidifying TX ABC's. And these are simply our notes, most, if not
all, agendas were discussed in much more depth.
The 8th: On Friday night we had all collective members show up the night
before for so that each person could get to know one another, for those who
already didn't. This worked out well; we discussed politics and general
movement issues such as goals and ideas. But, overall it was simply a
socializing event.
The 9th: First we started out at with small introductions, why we were in
attendance and what we hope to see come of this meeting.
- What is the ABC: general run down of what the ABC was formed for, and the
measures it took to fit the needs of the prisoners. Needing to find a median
between the origins of the ABC and what we're doing today.
- Political Prisoner: anyone imprisoned for a political act.
- Social Prisoner: person whose become politicized after incarceration.
- Drug War Prisoner: a victim of high sentence because of the unjust war on
- Fight Back Prisoner: term for prisoners who fight back against violence
and repression (including spousal abuse).
- Class War Prisoner: someone imprisoned for fighting poverty.
(all of the above- becoming cohesive with the Network)
- Collectives and Autonomy (specialties): Austin ABC- organizing, visits,
publication distribution, printing, contacts, communications and
correspondence. Houston ABC- correspondence, publishing newsletter and
publication distribution. San Antonio- corporate info, political sway, money
(churches), defense committee and outreach. Dallas/Ft. Worth- correspondence
and benefit shows.
- Monies: help for National Conference. Keeping money autonomous. Being able
to send monthly stipends to prisoners. Set up a program where different
collectives take care of a certain number of checks.
- Delegating Distribution: Chain Reaction and Captive Voices- have one
collective do copies, one to do the actual distribution and work on being
efficient and not wasting resources. Austin will work on getting collectives
with a 501C3 status (non-profit status) to help with postage, and go to
places to sell CR and CV.
- Closed Collective idea: because we need folks to be accountable for
someone else's life we chose not to make our collectives open, we need solid
individuals to put in one hundred percent, yet people still can engage
without being heavily involved. Basically if you have not been doing ABC, or
related Prison work for at least 6 months to a year, then you will not be
within the confines of our "closed collective", you fall into play with the
- Friends of the ABC: the Austin ABC made a proposal (which may or may not
be taken up by other ABC's) in which those not able to be fully involved
(also due to a closed collective) but want to help in anyway can be a friend
of the ABC. This will involve anything from sending in monthly donations to
helping us with flyering and copying.
- Building Solidarity & the Network Idea: Lorenzo Kamboa Ervin's Network
(where most of our Draft Proposal took excerpts from), the draft online, and
solidarity with non-authoritarian antics yet still being organized. Us
building a Network will be a good example for ABC's worldwide. Holding each
other accountable, suggestions of calling each other weekly to contact and
check in- a cohesive bond. Monthly TX ABC meetings and calling each other
after meetings to check up on discussed projects. Emergency money needs to
be taken care of- proposal (which we may re-update the Draft Proposal on).
- Different types of Support: first off, letting the prisoners make the
rules- we do what they ask of us (obviously if it's within our grasps and
non-detrimental to the collective).
- Financial: try to get collective support for funds before sending out
money monthly, don't send, or promise, what you don't already have or can
afford. Work on creating that program. And do not send money to those you
don't know, or that a fellow collective member, in your collective, other
collective members- here and abroad, don't know, know the person first.
- Visitation: most would opt for a visit before money. Try and set up a base
to where collective members can rotate monthly, and make efforts to visit
PP's (of all kinds).
- Literature: send to who ever asks, if need be, ask for stamps (optional,
some prisoners DO have stamps to spare and would like it to be used for your
collective purposes).
- Letter Writing: avoid lovey dovey stuff (ask ex-prisoners) and be very up
front about your personal feelings and the type of business/friendship that
you engage in (follow up with other folks on this). Pros to help folks talk
in a legal manner that could, or would, involve an attorney. Make letters
look very neat and legit, send one to the Ombudsman, procedures for
complaints and investigation. Scrolled and ripped paper does no good. Ask
the prisoner to write down exactly what the problem is, who, when and where,
and who to write specifically about this matter. When writing about the
problem be very specific, polite, professional, yet stand up.
- Visitation: Prisoners, at least in TX, only get to change their visitation
list every 6 months and are only allowed 10 people per visit list, so make
sure that you do visit 'em whenever able to. But make sure that no one else
will be visiting on that day, and call the unit to make sure that you are on
their visit list and call before arriving at the unit, make sure they can
have a visit and that the unit isn't on lockdown. Schedule a time and date
with the prisoner. No paper money, no offensive clothing, no shorts, no hats
(this at least goes for TX, may or may not for other states) and make sure
that your ID is correct with what is on their list.
- Rules and Regulations: don't go in-between count time. Beware of mailroom
scrutiny. Don't talk about stuff that you wouldn't say to a cop.
Publisher/Distribution, the whole don't try and send books that you didn't
publish (aside from photo copied pamphlets). No threats to security in
publications or letters. Writing the Directors Review Committee, PO 99, does
no good.
- Things to Avoid (administration): bad attitudes and watch what you say.
- Prisoners: don't send literature with guns on it or advocating violent
nature of any kind. Don't get too personal with someone you don't know that
well, not a charitable organization, we are part of a larger political idea.
- Collectives: communication breaks, no duplication of work, no flakes.
Avoid making decisions without telling other collective members what your
plans are. Obviously no sexist, racist, homophobic, and the like, literature
or attitudes. Confront when one person is doing too much work. Don't assign
work to someone without notifying him or her first. Give deadlines. Give NO
false hopes.
- Lists- Literature: tabling stuff, keep it positive.
- Prisoners: let each other know who is writing whom.
- Active Groups: keep in contact so that we get things easily accomplished.
- Letter to prisoners: the Austin ABC will be, in the next month, writing up
a sheet of what we want to do and our ideas of the National Conference- to
go to 300 or so prisoners.
- Newsletter: we, the Austin ABC, have proposed an idea of a bi-monthly
newsletter that will go out to as many folks as possible (via mail, e-mail,
here and abroad) of what every TX ABC chapter has been doing in the past two
moths. It'll simply be an informative, yet simple and easy to do, newsletter
that will keep everybody posted as to what we've done and what we have
planned to do.
- Web: we would like to have a web-site set up that will keep tabs on every
TX ABC, which will probably just be the newsletter online, and any and all
ABC related matters. Most likely it'll be the web-site, but this is tentatively speaking.
- National Conference:
- Schedule: Friday and Saturday will be open to everyone (ABC, ABC
affiliates and those inquiring into the Conference in general) filled with
workshops, speakers and a side room that'll be showing films all day for
those that want to roam back and forth. Sunday will be entirely exclusive
to those who either want to start an ABC or for those who are already doing
ABC work. It will involve a lot of the same logistics that is played out
through our TX meet, but on a much larger scale. The goal is solidifying
our collectives towards a Network.
- Registration: the registration will have an attachment stating that there
will be the following supplied: food, shelter, child care, etc. And that if
anyone wants to speak or show a movie to please notify us upon release of
the registration form, please do so in a timely manner so that we can plan.
- Ideas for Films: Corrections, by Ashley Hunt. ABC's of ABC, we'll be cut
& pasting together a film that will be on the basics of ABC work that we'll
obtain through other films, so if you have a film that has some good info
on this please send it to us.
- Workshops: visitation, letter writing, education, consensus based
collectives, literature, bio's, film room during workshops- and speakers
that will be separate from it.
- Shows: we most likely will not be having any shows during this event, due
to staying focused on the initial agenda at hand. If one were to happen it
may at the end of Sundays event.
- Fundraisers: application for grants, tabling events, contacting other
prisoner support groups and other anarchist groups ingeneral.
Conclusion: monthly TX ABC meetings until the Conference so that we can
continue to organize our efforts for it and to continue to build our
solidarity with our TX ABC comrades! We'll be keeping everyone posted.
(FYI: After a long day of meetings and discussions we attended, and tabled,
an Austin ABC benefit show in which 4 local, and surrounding area, bands
played a great show. We got out lots of literature and made some cash!)
*Austin ABC Mission Statement: The Austin Anarchist Black Cross is an
autonomous collective of former PP's and concerned individuals dedicated to
the support of anarchist prisoners locally and abroad. We place the needs
and safety of the prisoner first and foremost, and allow them to dictate
the nature and type of support they receive. We provide correspondence,
educational and financial resources, as well as legal advice and
visitation. We also network with other autonomous ABC groups and many other
prisoner support organizations. We expose the truth about politically
motivated incarceration, conditions, and the exploitation, slavery, and
corruption that goes on inside the prison system. We lend support to
social, political, class war, drug war, and fight back prisoners. We commit
ourselves to forcing the community to accept responsibility for the welfare
of those who have sacrificed their freedom in attempts to bring the
anarchist movement forward. Our collective uses consensus based decision
making process. By facilitating an equality-based alternative, we hope to
transform the role of the prisoner into something more than martyrdom. We
make sure they are capable to live safely and are able to continue to
organize inside. We hope to uphold the values, ideas and tactics of the
original ABC. We feel that the only real job for the revolutionary is
getting away with it.

@_date: 2002-03-20 09:33:32
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: We are everywhere...even NYC 
crazy, horrible things -  "Right and left there are other things happening just as bad -- crazy, horrible things too goofy and outlandish to cry about and too much true to laugh about." Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, 1962. The week beginning Monday 11 March 2002 -- the sixth-month anniversary of the terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center and the Pentagon -- was a surreal one indeed for the New York Surveillance Camera Players (SCP-New York). During its course, the SCP-New York rose to the heights (or, if you prefer, fell to the depths) of Denzel Washington, Britney Spears, "the coming season's new movies," gossip columns, horoscopes and reviews of the latest video and DVD releases, and

@_date: 2002-03-20 08:53:56
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Burn marks 
Reading 'burn rate' by michael wolff,funniest and smartest papperbok since ,"primary colors,"(so far,)sample line,"Dress british,think yiddish."from a vulture capitalist.
  In Wired today...
The crowd of approximately 150, assembled in a hotel ballroom just south of Central Park, did hear some subscription success stories.
Sony Online's Scott McDaniel, reported that his company had 424,000 subscribers at $10 per month for its wildly addictive role-playing game, Wall Street Journal Online publisher Neil Budde boasted 625,000 subscribers for his site, at an annual fee of either $59 or $29 (depending on whether they had a subscription to the Journal's print edition).
Playboy.com has 114,000 people paying a monthly fee of anywhere from $10 to $69, according to Randy Nicolau, an executive there. That's to be expected from one of the top adult media brands, because a large part of what little money is being spent on paid Internet content is blown on porn -- $273 million in a total market of $1.4 billion, according to Jupiter.
But these upbeat examples didn't appear to buoy the mood in the conference's ballroom
Another ray of hope at the conference came from the example of RealNetworks, which has attracted about 500,000 people to pay $10 per month for the RealOne Super Pass service. For that fee, subscribers get access to content from ABCNews.com, CNN.com, major league baseball and other services.
Like a cable television company, RealNetworks passes a portion of those fees to its media partners. ISPs and other Internet infrastructure firms might be able follow the lead of RealNetworks, Jupiter's Card said.
The cable-like model "better work," replied ABCNews.com executive Bernard Gershon. "Otherwise, we're all screwed."
The way seems clear for a crypto killer App.Simply combine a role playing,porno interface with throws to breaking sports and financial news,keep all things crypto under the page.Make it so!

@_date: 2002-03-20 07:27:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Peter,please explain. 
Why you outed *CJ here when you should have known that that would get him in shit with the Goon squad.
What were you thinking?
Were you distracted by the SEC investigation?
Or pressing business with the Peoples republic?
Your silence is increasingly suspicious.

@_date: 2002-03-20 07:06:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: question re: your non-support of Matt Taylor 
>>I plan to collate several choice ~ Faustine posts and send them to several alphabet agencies.She should never eat lunch in that town again. <<
Now that we know that you know how to access the archives,dear,why dont you go back in a little to where the IRS send out messages from a captured contributors box and use posts made to this list in kangaroo courts.Twice.See? theres no need for me to do anything like the above..unless I find out who you are and if you might want a job with the Govt,or want to keep a job with the Govt,(Hi Maurice!) Then I still might not because a) I'm lazy b) your an obvious dud and should slow down whoever you work for,and c)I still have'nt got around to sending anonymous e-mail yet,so dont sweat on it kid.You have security through obscurity.Oh and thanks for jogging my memory on this...I can use a secretary.
 >>...your least fave poster's eg.I, anonymous samoan attorney,pledge 1 $ to see that nasty little weasl guy get his just desserts. AND 1$ to put jamesd out of his misery...and so on,say 4$ each on faustine ...<<
Did you spot the little eg there darling? I'll make them nice and big for little snookums next time...EG.EG.EG,see?
Your a clever girly so you know what EG,means,right? Thats right...daddy was just playing a game with peoples names.
Daddy would never try to raise money to have his favourite little girly whirly killed even if she is really a lard assed,donut munching pedo cop like you little darlin'you can go back to sleep now,no baddie waddies will hurt you as long as I'm alive.
Technical note.
RUST was a negative reputation by consensus approach fully approved by the food and love administration,it just didn't catch on in the marketplace.
 >>I would hope to have more street cred than Mongo.
You don't. <<
Well,there you go! Y'see there's nothing to worry about,why didn't you just call me direct? It was all a simple misunderstanding,like you not learning the archives till just now.
 >>>I just dont know where the bitch lives...yet.She has earned killing now.
Try me.
Sweetheart,now you know your way around the archives you will find various warnings by me that I am being stalked by the victorian police.They can try various ways and means to entrap me,DIRTy ways and means.If you think *I* have said or done something naughty you should check that with me...thats natural justice suger..."I  did not have death with that woman!"
Trial me.

@_date: 2002-03-20 07:01:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Meta-Meta-Meta ejaculation 
>>Ingress of said packet into recipient's machine, although invisible to the recipient, is experienced as anal rape (or vaginal, for the 3 femmes Theres real wimmin here!???
Yesterday we spoke about positions to have a good anal sex. It is very
important that the woman receives pleasure. Let's continue our
demonstration with faustine. She takes control of the situation by
straddling the cock and by turning her back to the boy. She can control
how deep she sits on the cock, according to her taste; this way, she has no pain, only pleasure.
It is very pleasant to see your cock between the two buttocks of the
woman you are sodomizing. If you are a considerate lover, you put your
hands under her buttocks in order to support her weight, and then she
can concentrate on the pleasure alone. If you wish to change positions, you can do like you see in the pictures; lay the woman on her stomach, her legs joined together, and slide your cock between the buttocks which are nice and firm in this position, and into the anus.Luv you babe.

@_date: 2002-03-20 06:30:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Invisible hirstory of amerikkka. 
1935 -- US: Harlem Uprising. Over 100 injured & $2
million worth of white property destroyed as riots break
out in Harlem after a black man's eye was gouged out by
policemen. Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader Mayor
La Guardia later refused to release a study which blamed
the violence on police brutality.
"On March 19, 1935, even as the New Deal reforms
were being passed, Harlem exploded. 10,000 Negroes
swept through the streets, destroying the property of
white merchants. 700 policemen moved in & brought
order. Two blacks were killed...
...Sure, call me any ugly name you choose 
The steel of freedom does not stain.
 From those who live like leeches on the people's lives,
We must take back our land again,
 Langston Hughes, excerpt,
"Let America Be America Again"
1954,US: Federal Government burns books by the now
wacky Wilhelm Reich.
Certainly, all the various judges who reviewed
Reich's case & ruled against him, from the local
& district court judges to the US Supreme Court
judges, knew they were agreeing to censorship of
speech & to the burning of books.
 James DeMeo
While Reich's Orgone box is thoroughly discredited,
Book Burning is still alive & well today, as then.
 From the daily bleed,an essential daily fix.

@_date: 2002-03-19 17:06:18
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: PILLS SIDE AFFECTS AND ME 
>And what is the CACL theory? I'm still waiting for you to post that one.
Allow me...
Cypher crap torn asunder,Enjoy!

@_date: 2002-03-19 14:38:56
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Forwarding 
>>jill jill and mathew x should get a room, choate can have sloppy seconds from whichever one falls asleep first.
She has to suck like Ginger lyn and take it up the arse like Sabrina johnson.Choate is living on borrowed time as the most prominent list snitch.(my 2 cents)He needs wet work.

@_date: 2002-03-19 09:49:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Long Island animal rights activist sentenced. 
Terrorist charges were being bought on Long Island PRIOR to 9-11.
Long Island Activist gets 6+ months.. continuing a cycle of repression on the Island!
  posted by moderntimescollective on Monday March 18 2002 @ 11:31AM PST
   L.I. Animal Rights Activist Targeted by kristen schurr 5:56pm Fri Mar 8 '02 (Modified on 12:36am Thu Mar 14 '02)
The recent sentencing of 23-year-old animal rights activist Andy Stepanian marks the latest attack on Long Island's progressive community. While Andy will be in prison until August, his fellow activist Connor Cash could serve until 2052 due in part to the state's new terrorism law. Both are victims of intense police harassment. Andy Stepanian watches dandelions poke through cracks in the pavement outside the small slit of a window in the jail cell where he will spend the next seven months.
In jail since early March, the 23-year-old Long Island animal rights activist was sentenced to additional prison time March 13. He is expected to be imprisoned until at least August for a variety of non-violent protest Meanwhile fellow Long Island activist, Connor Cash, faces questionable charges that could bring him 50 years in prison.
MORE

@_date: 2002-03-19 09:40:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Long Bleed (2 days worth,blame my clone.) 
1921 -- USSR: Kronstadt falls to the Bolshevik military assault
under the direction of Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader
Trotsky, who boasted he would "shoot them like pigeons".
There is a great slaughter when the island is taken. To the end
of his life he continued defending his actions, as Kenneth Rexroth
notes, in a dispute with Victor Serge he continued dispensing
Bolshevik lies.
1948 -- Cyberpunk author William Gibson lives, Conway, South Carolina.
Gibson left the US for Canada when he was 19 to avoid the
draft for the Vietnam War.
The cyberpunks are Vietnam era, as +punks;, & identify
with grunts vs. officers.
Cyberpunk is a kind of sf sub-genre; its works are set in
a computer-driven, high-tech near-future & feature low-life
protagonists interacting in hard-boiled detective type plots.
1968 -- England: In London, at the largest Vietnam antiwar march
in Britain to date, 25,000 people attempt to storm the American
Embassy at Grosvenor Square. US apparently refuses to recognize
their passports. Ninety-one police casualties.
1968 -- US: Yippies announce at a press conference they will
sponsor a "Festival of Life" in Chicago during the upcoming
Democratic Convention.
1871 -- France: Paris Commune begins. Starts as resistance
to occupying German troops & betrayal by big bourgeois.
1,000 women successfully blockade cannons. The
Commune is the first real experiment in worker
self-management, occurring with the sympathetic
cooperation of the petty bourgeoisie.
"The Commune was the biggest festival of the
19th century..."
--- Debord, Kotanyi & Vaneigem,
"Theses on the Paris Commune", March 18,
1894 -- Egypt: The newspaper, Al-Hilal, reports the arrest
of a Greek worker in Alexandria for distributing
"anarchist leaflets".
The leaflets call for workers to celebrate the
anniversary of the Paris Commune.
1918 -- US: Mexican anarchist Ricardo Flores Magsn is
arrested for the final time on March 18, 1918 under the
Espionage Act.
Ricardo died in prison under highly suspicious
circumstances, supposedly of a "heart attack," but at the
hands of prison guards, according to Chicano inmates who
rioted & killed his principal "murderer,"
(Gsmez Quiqones, pp. 68-69).
1918 -- US: Dr. Ben Reitman begins his six-month prison sentence in
Cleveland for his Jan. 1917 conviction for distributing birth control
information. Just one of many visits to jail he endures over the years
practising "free speech" in America.
1937 -- Spain: Battles in Guadalajara (March 8 through 18) end
in victory for the Republican forces (the International Brigades &
a division controlled by the anarchist Cipriano Mera).
1947 -- Mikhael Guerdjikov (1877-1947) dies. Bulgarian
militant involved in the Macedonian liberation movement,
& editor numerous papers. His burial was the last gathering of
Bulgarian anarchists for many years.
1953 -- US: In response to an investigation by Beloved &
Respected Comrade Leader Senator Joseph McCarthy, the
State Department barred from its overseas information libraries
the works of all authors whose loyalty to the US was "suspect."
Books by such writers as Franklin P. Adams, John
Dewey, Edna Ferber, Dashiell Hammett, Theodore White,
Edmund Wilson, & even Beloved & Respected comrade
Leader Secretary Dulles' own cousin Foster were thus
withdrawn; some were publicly burned.
1959 -- US: On or about March 18, 1959, Big Table, Incorporated,
Chicago, Illinois, the Mailer in this proceeding, deposited for mailing
in the Chicago Post Office several hundred copies of its publication
Big Table 1. The issue was seized by the post office as being
1970 -- US: F***?: Country Joe McDonald is convicted for
obscenity & find $500 for leading a crowd in his infamous
Fish Cheer ("Gimmie an F..!") at a concert in Massachusetts.
1972 -- US: Congressional study announces that the income gap
in the US between the richest 20% & the poorest 20% has doubled
in the past 20 years (since 1952).

@_date: 2002-03-19 09:10:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Attn;J Orlin Grabbe 
War by Assassination
John Filiss
The capacity for warfare is both the ultimate justification and great curse of the state. And the problem of both war and the state is, sadly, one of the deepest tragedies of the human condition.
The following is one possible solution to the problem.
War as it has been played out throughout so much of history and into the present day accepts a basic authoritarian assumption that quite possibly accounts for almost the entire horror of warfare. That assumption is that a nation's leadership, and by implication the individuals who are instrumental in enacting a state of war, should be immune from the fray. The idea that warfare should consist of a clashing of arms between soldiers and often the populations of the afflicted countries is accepted without question, when in truth the first front of warfare should be against the perpetrators of war themselves...its leaders, architects, and profiteers. MORE

@_date: 2002-03-19 09:06:13
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: More lies from Jimbo(kill the shoate) 
>>But you keep on posting are you now like Matthew using this list > for your own storage. <<
Is this a crime against nature or something? WTF?
 >If I'm in 'most peoples' kill file then they never see it. You can't have it both ways.
 > If your so proud of this list that you want to claim ownership,
  Never claimed 'ownership'. Sorry. You're confusing me with Tim, Black Unicorn, Declan, etc. Oh wait, that's the CACL contingent...<<
One down,two to go...I bet on the CATOburger first unless the alzheimers nurses catch up with Mongo.An each way bet?
If someone wants to put down a rabid Shoate they should pledge some hard e-cash and have it put down by a pro.(my 2c)

@_date: 2002-03-19 08:44:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Copyleft vs. Copyright: A Marxist critique 
I wandered lonely as a clone...Title :Star War Episode 2 - Attack of the
Genre :Dramas, Science-Fiction & Fantasy
MPAA Rating :Not Rated
Theatrical Release :May 22, 2002
Release Company :20th Century Fox
The plot of Episode II is a secret. Not a well kept one, but still a
secret. If you're avoiding spoilers, here's the most you probably want to
 It takes place around 10 years after Episode I.
 Anakin and Padme begin to develop their relationship.
 We discover more about Padme's family and background.
 Anakin returns to Tatooine and meets up with Shmi, Watto, Owen Lars, and
Beru Lars.
 We learn the origin of Boba Fett and Stormtroopers.
 Episode II reveals information about the Clone Wars mentioned in A New
 The film is darker than Episode I and is closer to The Empire Strikes Back.

@_date: 2002-03-19 08:42:33
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: [retraction] RE: Cyber war 
>>Sorry Jim: Clearly mattd is pissing where we drink again.... Peter Trei
Prime suspect in attack of the clones? Too stupid,I would have thought.Thanks petrie dish,thanks a helluva lot.Open your mouth wider...I'll piss straight in.
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-03-18 16:24:14
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Ok, I give. 
I'm only up to early 98 but it was obvious then what a fucking dud you were.good riddance asshole,dont let the door...
You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being.Malcom "by any memes necessary,"X.

@_date: 2002-03-18 14:38:23
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Assassinating larry slight return. 
Has anyone killed larry yet? my 2$.
Oracle profits drop
Michael Liedtke in San Francisco
MARCH 15, 2002
ORACLE has reported another disappointing quarter, amplifying concerns that the stumbling software giant might not regain its footing as quickly as the rest of the industry...More at 1857 address Douglass proclaims (quote): "If there is no struggle, there is no progress. Those who profess to favor freedom, & yet deprecate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground. They want rain without thunder & lightning. They want the ocean without the awful roar of its many waters. Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did & it never will."

@_date: 2002-03-18 07:07:30
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: Re: Re: PILLS SIDE AFFECTS AND ME 
Jim I think they all out to get you,have you been a boy again?

@_date: 2002-03-18 06:28:36
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Aussi rots in chinese Gulag. 
Mother points the finger as son fears death in a Chinese jail
  Hunger strike threat ... Li Wang says the Government has not done enough for her son, Wang Jianping, whom the Chinese accuse of spying. Photo: Pat By Craig Skehan, Foreign Affairs Correspondent
Li Wang is 75, but determined. Her son, an Australian citizen, is in a Beijing jail accused of spying, and she was ready to go on a hunger strike if the Federal Government did not do more to help free him.
Now, however, she has agreed to postpone her planned protest after the Foreign Minister, Alexander Downer, pledged to press his visiting Chinese counterpart over the case of Wang Jianping when they meet in Canberra tomorrow.
Mr Downer promised Mr Wang's ailing mother, who now lives alone in Canberra, that he would pursue the case in talks with Tang Jiaxuan, the first Chinese foreign minister to visit Australia in a decade.
A solicitor for the family, Chanaka Bandarage, said yesterday: "Mr Downer has been pretty slack. We are glad that he has now agreed to talk directly to Mr Tang. But Mr Downer must work for Mr Wang's urgent release as well as consular access."
Mr Wang, 52, who is in poor health, has written to Mr Downer saying he fears dying in jail.
He was accused of passing state secrets to Australian diplomat Murray McLean in the early 1980s and was sentenced to 10 years' jail. He escaped in 1986 and the Australian Government allowed him to settle here.
Mr Wang was re-arrested during a business trip to China in 1995 and was sentenced to an additional term for the escape.
The Wang family insists he entered China as an Australian citizen and that the Australian Government should be pressing more forcefully for consular access, better prison conditions and his prompt release.
Amnesty International says long periods of solitary confinement and poor food have contributed to Mr Wang's poor health and has demanded that Mr Downer give a public account of his dealings with China.
"Amnesty has been concerned that for quite a while the human rights dialogue between Australia and China has been occurring too much behind closed doors," a spokesman, Damien Spry, said yesterday.
 From

@_date: 2002-03-18 06:07:00
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Bloody hell. 
From the daily Bleed...1950 - Grigori Petrovitch Maximov (1893-1950), Russian
anarcho-syndicalist, dies. Writer for "Golos Truda" (The Voice
of Labor", & author of a history of Leninism in Russia, "The
Guillotine at Work".
1968 - Vietnam: My Lai Massacre, American soldiers
murder civilians.
Carrying on the tradition of 'teaching' American
values to the godless & the communist , Captain
Medina leads a 'victorious' attack on the village
of Xom Lang, near My Lai in South Vietnam.
While the upper brass circles
overhead in helicopters, the men of Charlie Company, First
Battalion, American Division, enters the hamlet of My Lai 4,
in South Vietnam's Quang Ngai Province, & methodically &
ruthlessly murders an estimated 347 civilians over an 8-hour
Most are women, children & old men. Some are slain by
bullets fired into their houses, others were herded into small
groups & mowed down, & still more died when they were
hurled into a ditch & sprayed with automatic rifle fire.
The Army
will first try to cover it up & the US media will refuse to
report it. Later they will portray it as a aberration, one bad
guy (Calley), one good guy (who stops it). Calley is later
convicted, sent to his room for being a bad boy, then released.
1969 - Antonio Pereira (1908-1969) dies. Italian
anarchist, member of the Ortiz column during the Spanish
Revolution. See the Anarchist Encyclopedia,
1988 -- Massacre of Kurds with mustard & nerve gases,
Halabja, Iraq. US & European weapons & chemical
companies are supplying Iraq with the ok of the US.
"Mere factual innocence is no reason not to carry out a death
sentence properly reached."
---One of the more enlightened utterances by Beloved &
Respected Comrade Leader US Supreme Court Justice Antonin
"Benito" Scalia

@_date: 2002-03-17 16:34:30
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: AUS P.I.Gs out of touch,out of control. 
"Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?" - Juvenal, Satires, VI, 347

@_date: 2002-03-17 16:15:50
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Don't kill Knuth, just let him play with his organ 
>>>what do you think of efforts by politicians today to put limits on >ryptography research? > >Knuth: I'm a religious person, >and I think that God knows all my secrets, so I always feel that >whatever I'm thinking is public knowledge in some way.
  Well, at least this is the most honest description of a sort of "cowering theological fear/dismissal" of crypto/privacy that I've read. "God knows my secret key; God can factor anything in O(1) time." And Authorities (tm) are clearly agents of the same God. This bit of senility must not be limited to Knuth; perhaps vatican-mujadaheen and crypto-fearing Louis Freeh loves his haloed panopticon this way too. One supposes Freeh's buddy Hanssen thought that God watched over his deaddrops, too.<<
'God' is watching over my dead drops.(thanks you weenie.)I also dont seek to kill this dork (Knuth),some complete suck like him will probably become the 1st prediction of Apster and set the whole thing back a few dog years.How longs crypto winter got to go agin? Mongo?
Just finished reading about a couple of model altar boys...Daulton Lee and Chris Boyce.I'll never trust a catholic again (or an ex trotskyist.)
Still there are religous solutions possible to intractable problems...like a wisdom of solomon solution to Jeruselum
,if you dont agree on its division It gets nuked.
  >>"This would be the best of all possible worlds, if there was no religion in it." -John Adams

@_date: 2002-03-17 15:11:04
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Action in Barcelona and montreal 
Protesters smash capitalism in Barcelona
  posted by Reverend Chuck0 on Saturday March 16 2002 @ 02:53PM PST
BARCELONA, Spain (Reuters) - Spanish police clashed with anti-capitalist protesters in Barcelona on Saturday following a march by hundreds of thousands of demonstrators after a European MORE...
  Barcelona: More than 300,000 join final big march against EU summit
  posted by Reverend Chuck0 on Saturday March 16 2002 @ 02:45PM PST
Up to 300,000 people joined a final protest march against the EU economic summit in Barcelona, according to first estimates by organizers. Marching behind a banner that declared: "Against a Europe of capital -- another world is possible," the overwhelmingly young demonstrators headed from Placa de Catalunya to the harborfront. [...]
  Spain: Police fire on crowd of 300,000
  posted by Reverend Chuck0 on Saturday March 16 2002 @ 02:21PM PST
Police in Barcelona have fired tear gas and low-velocity baton rounds during running skirmishes with protesters staging a march in response to the EU economic summit, which finished on Saturday. [...]
  Over 300 Arrests at Montreal Demonstration Against Police Brutality
  posted by COBP on Saturday March 16 2002 @ 01:10PM PST
   According to latest reports, over 300 people were arrested at COBP's annual demonstration against police brutality in Montreal. [...]
  SEE  Comment.

@_date: 2002-03-17 14:40:54
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: TJ Hart in "Magazine Mania" 
TJ Hart and Tony Tedeschi meet with a seductive sex therapist - played by sultry Kelsey Hart. The couple are seeking counseling in an attempt to rid Tony of his addiction to porno magazines. (Why anyone would want to purge themselves of this awesome addiction is a mystery to me. But if this out-of-the-ordinary plotline helps get us that much quicker to the intercourse, then who really cares.)
I don't know about Tony, but my addiction to still sex photos would be over pretty quick if horny little TJ stripped down to her panties in front of me - as she does here at the request of her therapist. It looks like doing away with the clothes is some good advice because soon Kelsey and TJ are engaged in a wet clit cunnilingus session. Although there's no multiple angle option to use during the oral sex, the two curvaceous (and pointy nippled) blondes more than compensate by eating each other out from both the front and rear. Tony, for his part, eventually enters the fray and shows off his slit licking prowess as well. Apparently, though, he's not cured because he continues to flip through a nudey mag while getting his dick sucked. He also keeps perusing the porno periodical as he furiously fucks the shit out of both ladies. This scene ends off in fine fashion with Tedeschi screwing Kelsey doggy style while TJ sucks on his balls and ass from behind. Tony then bones TJ up the butt before raining some cum on the asses of the excited girls. A very "addictive" scene! It's one of the many on this tape that I actually went back to and watched again.
Dont forget to save Seymore Butts,buy a copy (or 2!)of 'Tampa tushy fest 1 and help stymie a censor in style.

@_date: 2002-03-17 14:10:23
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchy week in the bay area,Its da bomb! 
Anarchy Week in the Bay Area!
3/24 - 3/28: Lorenzo Komboa Ervin Speaking Tour (Author of "Anarchism and the Black Revolution")
3/24: Cafe Night feat. Lorenzo. - 7:30pm. Benefit dinner for his speaking tour @ Long Haul Infoshop, 3124 Shattuck Ave, Berkeley. Hosted by RACE.
3/27: Dinner and open discussion w/Lorenzo - 7:30pm at Center For Political Education, 522 Valencia St., San Francisco. Suggested Donation $20. Benefits political prisoner support work. Hosted by RACE.
3/28: Panel Discussion on the Role of Violence in Revolutionary Social Change feat. Lorenzo - 7:30pm at Humanist Hall, 390 27th St., Oakland. $5 suggested donation. Benefits political prisoner support work. Hosted by RACE and AK Press.
3/29: 2002 Anarchist Cafe - 6pm to 11pm at 225 Potrero Ave at 16th St in SF. $5 - 10 donation. No one turned away for lack of funds. Benefit for Anarchist Bookfair and Coalition on Homelessness. Food, music, poets, kids zone & more... No drugs or alcohol.
3/30: 7th Annual Bay Area Anarchist Bookfair - 10am to 5pm at Kezar Pavillion on Stanyan (by Waller St) in SF. (Close to Golden Gate Park. Look for the black and red balloons.)
3/31: 2002 Bay Area Anarchist Conference - 10am 6pm at New College of California, 777 Valencia St in the Mission District in SF. Housing will be available for weekend visitors. The conference's emphasis is on Anarchist theory. Contact ASG for more info.
MAYDAY West Coast Regional Anticapitalist Convergence: Autonomous Festivals of Resistance
4/26 - 5/1, San Francisco Bay Area, CA

@_date: 2002-03-17 14:04:37
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "Against a Europe of capital --another world is possible," 
More than 300,000 join final big march against EU summit Up to 300,000 people joined a final protest march against the EU economic summit in Barcelona, according to first estimates by organizers. Marching behind a banner that declared: "Against a Europe of capital -- another world is possible," the overwhelmingly young demonstrators headed from Placa de Catalunya to the harborfront. A heavy contingent of riot police deployed in the streets as helicopters hovered overhead amid fears of a repeat of the street violence that has marred top-level EU gatherings in the past.  Organizers estimated the marchers at 300,000 to 500,000 while police said at least 140,000 had massed in the streets. Shops along the two-kilometer (mile-long) route drew their shutters, though some department stores remained open, their doors guarded by police in heavy flak jackets. Overhead, two police helicopters hovered noisily. Organizers, cheered by a week full of largely trouble-free protest actions, had been hoping for at least 100,000 participants -- even with a big soccer match between Barcelona and Real Madrid elsewhere in the city. The same number turned out Thursday for a boisterous but peaceful march along much the same route, organized by the mainstream European Trade Union Confederation. On Friday, as the two-day summit of EU heads of state and government got underway at a heavily guarded convention center, 24 people were detained in skirmishes with baton-wielding police in various parts of the city. Police said they were all Spaniards, except for one Swede and one Slovene. "In terms of participation and reach of our message, the activities of the day by far exceeded our targets," said the Campaign Against the Europe of Capital, a coalition of 150-odd groups that has been coordinating protests.  Security was tight throughout the EU summit, with 8,500 police officers -- many bused in from other parts of Spain -- in the bustling Catalan capital to guard against the double threat of street riots and Basque terrorist attacks. Several hundred people also demonstrated Saturday in the streets of the French town of Perpignan, close to the Spanish border, and planned to join the protesters in Barcelona. But for a third straight day, Spanish police at the border with France turned back cars and buses with people whom they suspected were planning to join Saturday's march. A further protest was planned in Perpignan later Saturday if the Spanish authorities maintained the measures. Spain starting checking ID papers of everyone coming into the country after it suspended the Schengen agreement on free movement between most EU member states for the duration of the summit. "Some people think that they can do things that do not meet the approval of the vast majority of the population," said Spanish Interior Minister Mariano Rajoy. "Action had to be taken." The EU leaders met at a convention center on the suburban northwest side of the city, surrounded by police armored cars and chain-link fences. Most if not all were expected to have left the city before Saturday's late-day march. The last big anti-globalization protest in Barcelona, in June last year during a World Bank meeting, led to violent clashes on the streets and a political debate in Spain over police brutality at demonstrations. ******************************* Alternative Press Review -  Your Guide Beyond the Mainstream PO Box 4710 - Arlington, VA 22204 Infoshop.org -  News Kiosk -

@_date: 2002-03-17 13:02:21
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Street fighting erupts after free-market EU summit 
BAR EU SUMMIT Mar 16 2002
Hundreds of thousands challenge EU in Barcelona
Up to 500,000 people marched through the streets of Barcelona on March 16 to protest the summit of European leaders. The protest began peacefully but ended in violence as the police attacked protesters with rubber bullets and tear gas. Groups of protesters escaped onto side streets, and many protesters were beaten by the police while trying to seek refuge. It is unknown at this time how many were seriously injured. More breaking news in English from Barcelona indymedia. See also UK IMC
[ Photo collage | Media Analysis | Un otro mundo es posible ]

@_date: 2002-03-17 12:18:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The falcon.Prophet without honor. 
From a letter Chris Boyce wrote in 1977.
...To my perceptions,the foundations of this country are a sham.It was designed by the few
for the few and so it will ever remain.Western culture is in decline now and the trend cant
be reversed.We are grasping along in a headless insanity that will continue to consume till
nothing is left.
Time and time again I watched the destruction of those things and places I love and I was
disgusted.I belive we are on the edge of a poisoned horrible darkness.Industrialism and
technology are dragging humanity toward universal collapse and will take most life forms
with it.
I used to sit on silver spur road and shudder at the enormity of the lights of Los angeles
at night.To me it was always an infected spectacle.I lived in it and breathed in it.It was not
the people I hated.It was what had been blindly created,and so I just turned my back on it.
I ran my dog through the fields and I flew my Hawkes and Falcons and did everything I could
to shake things at their roots.I just do not accept the direction of this society.I could
not sit still for what we are leading to.I didnt think so then and I dont now.
from a later letter...What a simple thing life is,you can almost hold it in your hand...
I'm not a complex man and my tenets are quite simple,I have always abhorred the national
patriots and can dismiss them because their days are numbered just as surely as were those
of the primordial leviathans.A century must sound to you like an age but it is actually a
mere moment in the history of man.Your great grandchildren will enjoy the birth of the
tranquil milleneum,the one world.The evolution of a global society devoid of competing
militarianism will be a greenhouse of worthful development.
If I am mad they are all the madder for the thousands of nuclear weapons they are prepared
to unleash upon each other.
I have made my life a study of aggression and the carnivores,and humanity is the most self
predatory species in existence.I am ashamed of the history of the nations and of my own
origins and someday so will all of united humanity.To belive otherwise is to bankrupt
pessimism.Not in your lifetime,nor mine,nor any living mans,but someday they will all under-
stand.The past will be judged as ignorant and grisly barbarity.That someday will be the dawn
of mankinds redemption and the new treason is the rejection of nationalistic society and its
exploitive and butchering adjuncts.These were my dreams,alone with my falcons,do you think
me deranged too?
Like Camus,my subconscious is plagued with lifes purposelessness and therein lies my inner
peace.I am neither conservative or socialistic.I cherish friendships with the back country,
wind and rain,the seasons and the spontaneous hazards of the wilds.
Ive always viewed myself as a spectator of the great human void rushing toward what it knows
not.I long ago excused myself from the mad dash,to find my own sanctuaries,So falconry and history
have always attracted me.
FROM,'The falcon and the snowman,"by robert Lindsay.

@_date: 2002-03-17 07:12:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Who speaks for the detained?Anne-Marie Cusac does. 
"The technology of strong cryptography over ubiquitous networks makes vertically integrated hierarchical entities like nation-states economically

@_date: 2002-03-17 06:29:33
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: ASIO-Federal police-DoD plumbers fuckup 
Covert bid to bug Labor
By Brendan Nicholson
Political Correspondent
March 17 2002
Australia's spy agency ASIO was asked if it could bug the parliamentary office of senior Labor MP Laurie Brereton by Defence Department investigators under pressure from the government to find the source of embarrassing leaks on East Timor.
The Sunday Age has learnt that the director-general of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation, Denis Richardson, confirmed in a confidential briefing to senior Labor figures last month that this extraordinary attempt to breach the privileged status of parliament occurred during the investigation into defence leaks, which began in 1999.
The government yesterday confirmed the briefing had taken place, and said it included Labor leader Simon Crean and Mr Brereton.
According to one source, Mr Richardson told the opposition that officers of the Australian Federal Police and the Special Investigation Unit of the Defence Department's Defence Security Branch asked his organisation whether its special powers could be used to put listening devices in Mr Brereton's Mr Richardson said ASIO refused the request on the grounds that it fell outside his organisation's brief, which was to investigate espionage.
Mr Brereton declined to reveal the specifics of any briefing, but confirmed to The Sunday Age his understanding that the AFP and Defence Security had both raised with ASIO the question of bugging his parliamentary office. He said he had been assured that ASIO had rejected the suggestion.
According to the source, Mr Richardson said at the briefing that the federal police and defence officers told ASIO they lacked the legal power to bug the office themselves.
Government sources confirmed that the bugging issue was raised with ASIO, but denied that any official request was involved. They said a junior officer attached to Defence asked an ASIO officer if Mr Brereton's office could be bugged.
The ASIO officer said it would not be legal to bug an MP's office in parliament as it was beyond the agency's powers, the government sources said.
The request to ASIO came from police and defence security officers under great political pressure to find the sources of leaks that had embarrassed Foreign Minister Alexander Downer, the Department of Foreign Affairs and the Defence Department.
The leaks made it clear that the Australian Government knew much more than it was letting on in 1999 about the extent of high-level Indonesian military involvement in plans for a bloodbath in East Timor. At the time, Mr Downer's public line was that the carnage was the work of low-level "rogue elements" in the Indonesian forces.
The government was also embarrassed because the leaks revealed to the United States that Australia had been withholding information from its key The investigations that followed are believed to have cost about $1 million. They tied up significant AFP and intelligence resources for well over a year, damaged the careers of some military officers and resulted in not a single criminal charge being laid.
One source said Mr Richardson contacted the opposition on February 20 after an article appeared in The Canberra Times about the alleged bugging request quoting an unnamed "whistleblower".
Mr Richardson sought to reassure the opposition that ASIO had not helped bug the office and arrived at Parliament House the following day to meet the Labor MPs.
He told them that the proposition that the office should be bugged had come from both AFP and defence security officers, the source said.
Mr Richardson told the opposition that ASIO refused the request. He said he had insisted that a record of the bugging episode should be drafted and placed on file. "The big question left unanswered by all this," said the source, "is whether someone else did the bugging."
Mr Richardson told The Sunday Age he could not comment in any way about the incident, including "on whether I even went to Mr Crean's office". "Under the ASIO Act the person in my job is required to consult regularly with the Leader of the Opposition and when I do have contact with him that's not a matter for public discussion as far as I'm concerned," he said.
Approached by The Sunday Age on Friday, a federal police spokesman said: "We would categorically reject the claim that the AFP sought to have a listening device placed in Mr Brereton's office. It's not true."
A spokeswoman for Attorney-General Daryl Williams said that under the legislation covering ASIO's operations the director-general was required to consult regularly with the Leader of the Opposition.
When the original newspaper claim was made a month ago, Mr Williams and the director-general took the view that Mr Crean should be given an accurate briefing rather than have the matter left hanging.
The spokeswoman said the issue was of concern because ASIO was required to consult with Mr Crean on security issues and the content of a briefing had become public.

@_date: 2002-03-16 17:06:11
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Grand juries, timed incendiaries, beagles & balaclavas 
Thanks for posting that,I'm surprised the chinese didn't mention these fucking little shitty proceedings in their recent slagging off of general american decrepitude and hypocrisy on human rights.We dont have GJ's here in OZ but the fucking P.I.Gs have more slack than you do to fuck people around.We also have crap charges like 'scandalizing the judicery'.That one dates back to trial by ordeal and was recently dusted off to punish an author of police corruption tomes here in Victoria.It was also used in India to persecute A.Roy,the anti-dammer.
I hope that soon the only legal phrase to remember will go something like,"you've been nominated for APster,here's an URL where your pool will be collected.Watch your back jack."(My 2 cents.
Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system, through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times. When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs. Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2002-03-16 12:51:49
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Schnews from brighton england.Cor blimey! 
* Zimbabwe now has it's own Indy Media Centre * Two presidents resigned on the island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean
rather than give the green light to a new Prevention of Terrorism Act. Mass
protests complained that the law was an infringement of human rights and an
attack on the country's sovereignty, because it allows the CIA to interfere
in national affairs. The law was eventually passed when the Chief Justice
became president.
Inside SchNEWS Ever wondered why anti-capitalist protesters always get over
the top sentences for minor offences? Well, the Legal Defence and
Monitoring Group (LDMG) have uncovered secret documents that tell judges to
come down hard on activists. These documents were being passed to Crown and
Youth Court judges after both May Day 2000 and May Day Monopoly 2001
festivities. The document titled "Mayhem" came to the attention of LDMG in
June 2001 at Middlesex Guildhall Crown Court. The defence barrister Ed Rees
QC asked to look at the document, but the court refused this on the grounds
that it was secret! Sentencing in England and Wales is supposedly based on
individual circumstances and the seriousness of the offence, but clearly in
the case of anti-capitalists this is not the case. Glaring examples of over
the top prison terms are Roger Davis who got 3 months for threatening words
and behaviour, which results in a fine at worst; Karl Hodgkinson got 15
months for affray; and another person received a  fine for common
assault (the lowest form of assault). Paul Jones, spokesperson for LDMG
told SchNEWS "The police have spent millions of pounds preventing the May
Day actions from proceeding peacefully and in prosecuting people for minor
offences. Now we discover that the judiciary is instructed to send those
convicted to prison. Even the pretence of justice has been abandoned. We
demand an amnesty for all May Day protestors." LDMG 07949 061 333 e:
ldmgmail *All sorts of pranks and actions are being planned for
this year's May Day. For more info check out  *
Brighton Anarchist Black Cross are hosting a Mark Barnsley info/debate
night upstairs at the Albert, Trafalgar St. Monday 18th at 7.30pm. Mark has
spent seven years inside after being attacked by 15 drunken students whilst
out with his baby and a friend. Mark has spent all his time in maximum and
high security prisons and has been denied parole as punishment for
protesting his innocence.  * Emily Apple the
activist that "society needs a break from" didn't go to prison as feared
(SchNEWS 345) but got a fine instead for locking onto a train carrying arms
dealers to last year's arms fair in East London.

@_date: 2002-03-16 12:47:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: High cost of fuel 
PUMP IT UP! Last month in the Ecuadorian Amazon provinces of Sucumbios and Orellana thousands of striking construction workers and local residents protesting against the new oil pipeline were attacked by the country's armed forces. Three children were killed by asphyxiation from tear gas, close to forty people were arrested and over three hundred people were wounded after the military crackdown ordered by President Gustavo Noboa. Demonstrators occupied over 60 oil wells and 5 refineries-halting all construction on the pipeline bringing oil production to a near standstill and erected roadblocks. Nearby in the highland cloud forests of the Mindo, people continue to put their lives on the line by tree-sitting to block the pipeline's passage. The government declared a state of emergency for the provinces in defence of the oil multinationals, immediately suspending civil rights, and invoking the military to break up the demonstrations while the local radio stations were kept off the air. Meanwhile on Monday Indian tribal leaders from Ecuador began the lengthy and expensive process of taking Chevron-Texaco to the US courts. This groundbreaking environmental class-action lawsuit, the first filed by foreigners in a U.S. court, is being watched closely to see if federal courts find American corporations accountable to crimes abroad. "We simply want Chevron-Texaco to pay to clean up the damage it caused." The lawsuit asserts that Texaco installed defective drilling technology that led to the spillage of millions of gallons of toxic wastewater over a 20-year period. Rather than pump the poisonous water back into the ground - as is the industry standard, and as Chevron-Texaco does in the United States - they dumped it into hundreds of unlined pits. From the pits, the wastewater contaminated with oil and heavy metals slowly poisoning the rivers and wetlands of Ecuador. "To Chevron-Texaco, the clean-up costs represent a small fraction of its annual profits," said prosecuting lawyer Joseph Kohn, "To our clients in the Amazon, this is a matter of life or death." " Texaco and Occidental Petroleum have extracted more that $60 billion dollars worth of oil from these provinces in the last 30 years, yet 90% of the region's population lives in poverty. Despite the huge profits from oil the locals surprise, surprise have seen none of the loot and all of the pillaging has left them impoverished and sick with cancer.  * At the end of last month a court gave the go ahead for the families of Ken Saro-Wiwa to take Shell/Dutch Petroleum to court for participation in crimes against humanity, torture, summary execution, arbitrary detention, cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment. Environmentalist activist and writer Ken Saro-Wiwa, and eight other Ogoni activists were hanged by the Nigerian military government in 1995. The 'Ogoni Nine' had opposed Shell's pollution and oil development in the Niger Delta. Saro-Wiwa told the military tribunal that sentenced him to death, "Shell is here on trial. The Company has, indeed, ducked this particular trial, but its day will surely come..." Judith Chomsky, Attorney for the prosecution commented , "Shell had direct involvement in human rights violations against the Ogoni people. Any company that profits from crimes against humanity should be brought to justice wherever they are." Lawsuits have also been filed against Exxon-Mobil by people from Indonesia's embattled Aceh province, Members of ethnic minorities in Myanmar (formerly Burma) against Unocal And Chevron-Texaco (again) by other Nigerian groups:

@_date: 2002-03-16 12:39:44
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Rumble in las Ramblas. 
Spain,Report on Repression in Barcelona Friday, 15th March 2002
At 13.00 o'clock there was a demonstration planned the Liceo metro stop in Barcelona. Its slogan was "Capitalism can't be reformed, it must be destroyed. The rich also cry". The first thing the police did was identify demonstrators gathering at the start-point. Without the demonstration even having started, police attacked demonstrators and arrested someone (at least twenty photographers captured this moment). It's important no know that all demonstrators have done has been to shout. Never has there been any attack against police on their part. It's obvious that police's aim was not to control the demonstration but to directly avoid there being any demonstration at all. After this first charge there have been a few others, but not very strong. What police managed was to divide demonstrators, although they managed to get together again. For quite a while there have been several small charges, probably more to frighten people than to actually arrest anybody. However, every time demonstrators got back together. It's important to understand we're not talking about a battle between police and demonstrators. Rather than that, we're talking about demonstrators standing in front of police and drawing back when charges took place and then going back when police went back to where they had been. At one point, police got in their vans and apparently left. Demonstrators said good-bye shouting insulting and spitting at them. However, one or two vans stayed in front of the Liceo. Suddenly, the police in those vans attacked and that made demonstrators run up Las Ramblas a bit. But when they went up, they found that the vans that had left had parked all along Las Ramblas up to Plaza Cataluqa. So while demonstrators ran up because police was charging from below, more police was coming from the side. Some people went into side streets, where some ball shots were heard (in Spain police often uses guns that shoot something kind of like hard tennis balls to get rid of crowds). At the Plaza Cataluqa there were hardly any demonstrators left. What happened on the side streets we don't know. Many demonstrators had their own cameras and video-cameras. There were also many official journalists. Police didn't doubt to attack both. Once again, we see the real side of the EU that is being built. And we are not going to shut up. Police murderers.

@_date: 2002-03-16 11:50:33
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Rumble in las Ramblas 2. 
An earlier report...from barcelona.indymedia.org Fighting, barricades, burnings and rubber bullets. Tension is rising at the "Mars Attacks" demonstration on the upper part of the Ramblas. At 2.30pm the police violently baton-charged 800 people (which included people wearing black with covered faces), with the intention of clearing the street of people, who thus poured into side streets. Many bars have closed, thus stopping people from taking refuge. Some groups of people tried to stage a sit-down protest, but the police charges became increasingly violent until, at 20.30 the entire upper part of the Ramblas was in a state of siege. Barricades in flames, arrests, rubber bullets and injured journalists. Many journalists have been able to photograph the events. The TV3 news programme has stated that "the demonstration on the Ramblas is proceeding without incident"! In the concentration at Liceu, about halfway down the Ramblas, the situation is normal and people continue to demonstrate.
The battle for barcelona chapter in "Durruti.the people armed,"by Abel Paz is good background for those interested.

@_date: 2002-03-16 11:09:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Choate needs killing 
This is me not the mental as anything from AUS,when the mafia want to send a message they dont always go for a direct hit.Chipping in to wax choate would send a pretty strong signal that were as mad as heck and are'nt going to take it anymore.Do I hear 50$?

@_date: 2002-03-16 07:48:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: choate the wanabe (annova) 
>>Now we can have a computer instead of dumb ass Choate what will they think of next,maybe a mental case from AUS.thats me. <,
'We' are improving aren't 'we'.Only 'we' dont want or need a computer.(apart from the return of a stolen notebook)'dumb ass' sounds a bit to americano,how about fucking goose? 'We also usually say au in lowercase but no matter,everyday in everyway 'we' are getting better and better.Keep supplying the text.(and taking the meds)
"A website could be set up running a "lottery" for the successful "predictions" of the deaths of overbearing public officials. Using encryption and digital cash the whole exercise would be within the law because the person who made the successful "prediction" would be anonymous and their reward would be untrackable..."Murray Mottram,The Age.

@_date: 2002-03-16 06:25:32
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: Re: Faustine speaks the truth 
Faustine my other half does not have a job,has a doctor for his mental problems,has never had a girl friend,talks big and runs fast.

@_date: 2002-03-16 06:17:52
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Faustine as popeye. 
>>Where you got the "deserve what they got" part out of anything I ever said I'll never know. For example, I think Jim Bell was treated unjustly and horribly wrong by the system and should be given a new trial due to gross negligence and judicial incompetence. I think he was put away for ten years for what amounted to little more than "being a scary person" and having an unrepentantly "bad" attitude. That's deadly serious, something anyone here should find worth speaking up against.<<
But not doing bugger all else.
  >>I also happen to think James Dalton Bell should take his two-bit mickey mouse stalker intimdation tactics and shove them up his big fat ass.<<
Hey your insulting standard FBI documented procedure!
  >>"Say goodnight to Joshua?" Spin it any Foucaultian way you want, but I say it takes a very special kind of contemptible pussy to threaten someone's family. <<
Threat? what threat? To spin something so inocuous as a threat is truly  >>If you aren't man enough to come right out and threaten whoever it is you have the problem with, you really should fuck right off and die.<<
Faustine as Demi, in the army now? "SUCK my DICK!"
  >>To play the big man online and then roll over and whimper it was all a joke? Game the system, plead, and try to take it back? And then to try to play the big man again? He's a disgrace to the very ideals he professes. <<
Ad hominems always seem to indicate weak arguments.He is a 'big man' though,I grant you that,to many Mc Donalds?
 >>There's nothing contradictory about those two paragraphs. >Neat distancing, though mighty repugnant, or to tell it >like it is,   Where's the yellow belly in not cheering someone when you don't even know what he was charged with? How can you be willing to support anything someone does solely on the basis of his happening to get a paycheck from a worthy organization?<<
Mentioning someone from the EFF is busted doesnt count as 'support' in my view.Also I've noticed "worthy orgs"get scant respect here,(especially the one your enarmoured of.)At this point of time when buckfush seems to want to emulate aspects of the 3rd reich we should be looking for salami tactics from his repression machine.Your not helping.
  >>Doesn't make sense. >Whatever makes fools think that getting caught means >it was deserved. I don't know, why don't you ask someone who thinks that way. >Pull way back or you might get sucked in, too, standard flatfoot warning to a >victim's supporters.
Why does supporting Bell's right to a fair trial mean that I have to support everything he does?
Supporting JB's right to a fair trial now is a little useless and no ones asked you or anyone,as far as I know,to support everything he does.Your getting as scatty as Aimee.I have to assume you'll support Marc's right to a fair trial...a year or so after he's convicted,from this effort.
  >And whatever makes you think a clean record is a good thing. What isn't good about doing anything you want and being left alone.
  Why is getting a dirty record over easily-avoidable BS that accomplishes absolutely nothing <<
Yeah Mandela was silly to go driving with a pistol.Actually a lot of publicity squeezed out.Thats how I got involved.I saw an article in nov 2000.It's interesting BS.It also accompishes's panic stations in cinci in May 01.Keystone KKKops shitting blood:) Do a little research you silly little bitch.(Politech-proffr)
 >>somehow noble? Unless you're in it for the symbolic gesture.
 >That freedom fighting citizens got to have >cleaner panties than the shit-smeared enemy. >That too sounds like an RTFM official coverup of dirty actions >wherein only criminals get punished and never >cops with dirty hands.
Huh? Cops with dirty hands are criminals, the rule of law ought to apply to everyone equally. <<
So they should be investigated the way Jim was investigating.(without the mistakes:) How else are we to know they're dirty?
 >>Not that it does, but it should. Likewise, if someone who's a few french fries short of a happy meal <<
There was a news story on their lardy oils recently.Faustines posts are getting a bit lardy as well.
 >>decides to deface a McDonalds, he should get busted for it the same as any other retard committing crimes in front of a camera. <<
Like jose Bove,yeah,guilty m'lud.I'll be of goody goody behaviour for 1 year,never do it again:)(with a cop camera crew from the crap corporate media around.)Sorry I cant repay any of the thousands of $ damages I caused as I'm judgement proof.
Should you start selling healthy green approved food I'll volunteer to work it off.The bragging rights to this are priceless.Retard is as retard writes girlfriend. That your president appears to be one is beside the point.
 >>Ideology has nothing to do with it. >So, here it is, if you can't support somebody who >has done all the wrong things then you the helping >the enemy whether you admit it or not.
This bears no resemblance to anything I ever said. I support anyone's right to a fair trial regardless of what they did or didn't do. How does it help the enemy to believe idle death threats are pathetic?
When the 'enemy' spends thousands and thousands chasing down 'idle death threats' they take on a life of there own as extremely ergonomic activism.Sun fuckin Zsu knew that.Killthepresident,mattd.Faustines posts have been described as pathetic by Mongo.I agree with him sometimes.
  >Yearning to be on the winning side, clean as a whistle,
Bah. I yearn to be on my own side. > means you can't be trusted, in particular not to be trusted >when the chips are down and the pressure is >own to shop your fairweather compatriots. There are few things in this world more fundamentally honest than owning up to the belief that trust is for suckers.<<
Nihilism rulez OK. "In god we trust"all others pay e-cash.
  >>Who in his right mind could fault you or anyone else for not granting it sight unseen? I don't trust anyone,<<
Especially myself.!? probably a wise move.
  >>what right could I possibly have to ask it of anyone else. Hey everybody: don't trust me. If you ever see me coming at you with a big "trust me" smile on my face, the smart move is to run like hell the other way. Better? You want honesty there it is.<<
We can trust you to not contribute anything resembling decent argument.
  >To hell with that opportunistic pea-brained CYA >exculpation so favored by really smart folks. The supreme irony here is that all three of the original lunatics who prompted your reply tried to pull off exactly this kind of opportunistic ass-covering maneuver (when the rubber met the road and the consequenses of their delusional death-threat rambling was made plain to them) but just weren't quite smart enough to pull it off. <<
I'm innocent till proven guilty,Ms "I support anyone's right to a fair trial"Faust,You really rival Aimee in the twit department,dontcha?
 >>Me? I am what I am. Whatever anyone out there might have to say about it--and I'm certainly not pretending to be above denying it when it suits me--at least you'll never, ever catch me puling around making excuses for myself. Oh well, so it goes. ~Faustine. <<
For fucks sake take your panic kits and pistols and get out.You are a fed aren't you?

@_date: 2002-03-16 05:42:03
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Weasl or gerbil? 
>>It's been a full week since he's called for my violent death. An entire *week*? Naw. Not possible... If not you, then _who_??? << weasl.
Should I ever call for anyones violent death,(in self defence of course) It would be through APster not "pass the zyclon B"
weasl approved industrial methods.Weasl,Der Fuerhers rudolf Hess?
Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."See

@_date: 2002-03-16 05:32:50
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The Petrie dish 
>>Give a single sentence description as to why each link is worth the trouble.<>mattd has actually improved slightly as well - some of his messages are actually on-topic, and reference other's postings appropriately. It's been a full week since he's called for my violent death.<<
Dont flatter yourself,I never called for your violent death ONCE.I called on you to explain your betrayal of a list contributor and your vile companies doings in China.By now it's safe to assume you stupidly shopped our friend due to political naivete and do business with the CPof C for the same reason.I will pay toward an acurate prediction of your retirement from Should you suffer a violent death by say,necklacing in the meantime it would not surprise me in the slightest.You are scum.
 >> However, he is still using the list as a private archiving service. Peter <<
What are you,the list cop?...oh yeah thats right...you are.FUCKING PORK SANDWICH,FUCK OFF and DIE!

@_date: 2002-03-16 04:55:51
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: New heights of spam from Choate and MattX and matts clone. 
Our man in the middle attack is working as planned,my clones arrived just in time,Mongo he mad.HAHAHA!
Thanks jim,dont ever let them tell you a pathetic representative democrat is worthless even if your website is.
Who would have guessed that cover traffic would drive little ol Mongo out of his tiny...
Whiner thy name is Tim.
"JAMES DALTON BELL did corruptly obstruct and impede and endeavor to obstruct and impede the due administration of the internal revenue laws, among other things, by collecting the names and home addresses of agents and employees of the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") in order to intimidate them in the performance of their official functions; by soliciting others to join in a scheme known as "Assassination Politics" whereby those who killed IRS employees would be rewarded;
A rather savage and tasteless piece of fiction."The more corrupt the republic, the more numerous the laws." --Tacitus."

@_date: 2002-03-16 04:41:07
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: assasination politics works with barter too (or, doesn't work) 
>>The US will now offer to build a road, dig a well, or give away a flock of sheep to Afghan communities that rat on Bin Laden.  <<
Some actually in Govt. would like to offer encrypted e-dinars for Saddam but it might boomerang.
A million mojo-dollars and 15 feet of pure white snow
for the head of george walker bush,payment on delivery.

@_date: 2002-03-16 04:30:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: American lab rats 
>>Quoting matthew X (profrv
Me or my cheap imitation?
: > Recently released government documents show that the US government What are the sources, matt? Regards, Steve -- Just fake it. <<
An entertainment journalist must protect his sources so I will not answer that question.Even if charged with hate crimes against the USA.My flatterer might fake something up for you.Any more (expletive deleted) questions?
And the intellectuals still argue [about] whether Amerika is a fascist country.............." George Jackson, Blood in My Eye.
Watts aniversary today...1966 - US: Teens riot. Arrest of a black high school student
for throwing bricks & stones at passing cars touches off a
wave of looting & burning in Watts, California.
Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader Governor Hughes said
after his morning inspection tour (of the 1965 Watts LA riots)
he had found the "holiday atmosphere" among the looters most
"These rioters don't have any leaders."

@_date: 2002-03-16 02:33:54
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: Re: Top News at Netscape - Air Canada bans Salman Rushdie 
Choates Who gives a fuck. GET A LIFE you stupid bastard

@_date: 2002-03-16 01:46:52
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: Re: Let's knock off the "Reformatted" repostings of junky news  articles 
Better still Choate or should I call you Annova stop posting junky news articals get a girl, get a guy, get a life, stop posting your stupid And give me back my brain.

@_date: 2002-03-15 20:14:46
@_author: "matthew X " 
@_subject: Re: Fuck the rest have a fit. 
29 itall started when he ate my brain.
Fisting what a sexy time we will have

@_date: 2002-03-15 20:14:45
@_author: "matthew X " 
@_subject: Re: In Aus 
In Aus we live all our lives upside down,this makes blood rush to my head,if I lived in the US would I be normal,or would I be just as fucked up as 29 a day Choates?

@_date: 2002-03-15 13:48:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Just cause your paranoid... 
Microsoft's Coziness with U.S. Justice Department
I was accused of sheer paranoia last fall when I suggested that the U.S. Justice Department's malodorous antitrust deal with Microsoft had the smell of something more sinister -- that the company and government had agreed to collaborate on law enforcement matters. (Here's Google's cached version of that column.)
Please note this Reuters story, in which Steve Ballmer explains how Microsoft is "working closely" with the Justice Department to fight cyber-crime -- but that any such dealings are, of course, confidential. No Now remember that Attorney General John Ashcroft recused himself (CNN) from the Enron investigation because his Missouri Senate campaign (he lost the election to a dead man) got thousands in contributions from the corrupt energy-trading company. Ashcroft got thousands from Microsoft but didn't recuse himself (Sacramento Bee) in the antitrust case.
Keep this in mind, too: One of the provisions in this deal allows the government to order Microsoft not to disclose APIs and other technology, if the government decides such disclosure would be damaging. I've asked both the company and the department what this means, and I can't begin to comprehend Microsoft's doubletalk. The Justice Department basically refused to discuss it at all.
Kinda makes you wonder what the "Windows Update" will put on your PC one of these days...
FROM

@_date: 2002-03-15 12:40:52
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Raise the fist benefit. 
When: Saturday, March 16th 2002
Time: 8pm
Where: Long Beach Community Infoshop.
684 Redondo Ave. Long Beach CA
phone: 562-434-1649
Cost: $4
False Alliance
Yukon HO
Scott Keltic Knot & Yukon HO (hip hop)
Over the Counterintelligence
Speaking of fisting,dont forget to support Seymore Butts.Buy a copy of Tampa Tushy fest 1.

@_date: 2002-03-15 12:19:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: You flatterer 
>>how come you do not give death threats to the people in your own back yard<<
I've been questioned about that by the victorian police.I blame it on an   >>I know who you are you come into the peoples park,cut down the trees and build your house,when one of the people comes into your house at 3am in the morning to host a party you call the police. <<
Only if they smoke tobacco near me.
 >>As i'am you, who are you blaming When the feds come you will be like choate and bend over. <<
I'm fending off a fed attack through my (ex) shrink.Thanks for the alibi help.

@_date: 2002-03-15 11:01:02
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Hunger strike in prisons 
From March 12th to 18th is taking place a hunger strike in several spanish prisons. The prisoners are claiming: -The supression of FIES (1) regime and all the isolament units. -The end of penitentiary dispersal (2). -The release of all prisoners with incurable illness (like AIDS, Cancer, etc). -The release of all prsoners who have spent more than 20 years in prison (the maximum time according the law). This mobilization is included in a collective struggle inside the prisons, against the FIES units and for the dignity of the prisoners. This is a revolutionary struggle because it4s not only aimed to a mere reform, but ultimately its goal is the disappearance of the prisons, which involves a radical social change. It4s a self-organizated struggle, in which there aren4t leaders or representatives, neither inside the prisons nor outside, but only solidarity that grows between exploited people both from inside and outside the walls. A hunger strike is an important moment of the struggle, but the repression is constant, so our struggle should be also. /FOR THE DESTRUCTION OF ALL THE PRISONS AND THE SYSTEM WHICH HAS BUILT THEM/ (1) FIES [Ficheros de Internos de Especial Seguimiento - Inmates Files of Special Monitoring] units are very hard isolament units of the spanish prisons in which prisoners are subjected to a total control all day. Their mail and phone calls are monitored, they have few opportunities to stay with other prisoners, their belongings are always been inspected, and tortures are usual. The prisoners who are included in this Files are the rebel ones, those who doesn4t submit to the prison authority. (2) The penitentiary dispersal means that prisoners are sent to prisons far away of their homelands and their families and friends. This means mainly an additional punishment for the family or near people, who have to travel a lot of kilometers (in some cases, hundreds or thousands) in order to stay some minutes with their dear people in a visit.

@_date: 2002-03-15 10:58:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: free speech zone apartheid 
News for Anarchists & Activists:
'Democracy isn't always pretty'
2 anti-war protesters discuss cases before WVU's ACLU
Jim Bissett/The Dominion Post
John Tinker, of Missouri, (left) and Katie Sierra, of
Sissonville, talk about free speech Wednesday night at WVU
as guests of the university's ACLU chapter. Both were
suspended from their high schools for speaking out against
BY JIM BISSETT
The Dominion Post
Katie Sierra apologized to the audience of 40 or so people
who came to WVU Wednesday night to hear her talk about civil
liberties and freedom of speech.
"OK, let me start over," Sierra said to the crowd in a
lecture hall of the Business and Economics Building. "I get
a little nervous in front of people. I'm sorry."
Hardly the talk of a revolutionary, but Sierra, 15, became a
reluctant one last October when she wore a T-shirt scrawled
with an anti-war message to Sissonville High School.
It was a month after the terrorist attacks on New York and
Washington, and Sierra, who had also tried to start an
anarchist club at her school, turned her shirt into a
sarcastic indictment of the U.S. assault on Afghanistan in
the hunt for suspected Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden.
The wording on her shirt: "When I saw the dead and dying
Afghani children on TV, I felt a newly recovered sense of
national security. God Bless America."
Her principal, Forrest Mann, said the shirt was offensive
and inappropriate. He suspended her for two weeks.
Sierra, speaking in Morgantown as a guest of the WVU chapter
of the American Civil Liberties Union, said she was upset
and scared -- but that she tried to stand her ground.
"I cried," she said, "but I did tell him, 'You can't do
this.' I mean, I knew my free-speech rights."
When she came to school two weeks later, she was roughed up
in a hallway, in full view of a security camera, she said,
by four students who shouted insults and shoved her into
The students went unpunished, but Sierra sued the Kanawha
County Board of Education for suspending her in the first
John Tinker, who traveled to WVU with her, knows exactly how
she feels.
Now a computer engineer who lives in Missouri, Tinker, too,
was 15 years old when he ran afoul of the administration of
his Des Moines, Iowa, high school in 1965 as the Vietnam War
was heating up.
He wore a black arm band to school in protest, and didn't
take it off until he took his case all the way to the
country's highest court. The Supreme Court ruled in his
favor in a decision that expanded student rights.
"It's all about democracy," Tinker said, "and democracy
isn't always pretty. Sometimes you need to get in someone's
face, so to speak, to start a dialogue."
Tinker, softspoken like Sierra, said the Sissonville case
comes down to a student being denied the right to learn and
speak her mind -- simply because her school didn't agree
with her.
"That's all she wanted to do," he said. "She wanted to study
a topic and her school said no. She was assaulted, and her
school's administrators didn't do anything."
Sierra, who has lived in Panama, New Mexico, Ohio and
Kentucky as she moved around the country with her father --
who was first in the military, then a civilian employee of
the military -- withdrew from Sissonville and is now being
home schooled.
Her appearance in Morgantown came one day after she and
Tinker were banned from speaking to an ACLU group at
Huntington High School.
"All I wanted to do was start a club," she said, shaking her
head. "I didn't think all this was going to happen."
Andrew Schneider, executive director of the West Virginia
ACLU, who introduced the pair, said Sierra better get used
to it.
"Civil liberty battles never stay won," he said.
The trio appeared at WVU just two weeks after a group of
students squared off against the university administration
over the issue of specially designated "free-speech zones"
that they say are consigning campus activists to outlying
areas away from the students they're trying to reach.
So what would have happened if Sierra had worn one of her
anti-war T-shirts to WVU last fall?
"Well, it was such a hot issue," ACLU campus president Mary
Bess said, "that she probably would have been asked to move
to the free speech zone."

@_date: 2002-03-15 10:42:55
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchism in dark times 
Community attitudes to anarchists range from impractical utopians to
terrorist ogres who eat babies brains for breakfast.  Few if any positive
stereotypes exist within communities about anarchists and anarchist
objectives and strategies.  Working within such a milieu can sap the energy
of even the most dedicated activist.  The climate created by such negative
stereotypes, can and does wear away at the confidence we have in ourselves,
our ideas, our objectives and strategies.
In such a negative environment it9s important we don9t begin to become the
stereotypes other people have created for us and our movement.  Time and
time again, anarchists movements have taken on the characteristics that the
community has created for them, carrying out actions that reinforce those
negative stereotypes.  It9s important we don9t let other people define who
we are and what we stand for.  We are the only ones who can and should
define our ideas, goals, objectives and strategies.  Letting the State, the
corporate sector or community do this for us is a dead end one way journey
to oblivion.
At the end of the day confidence is everything, not a confidence based on
superiority, but a confidence based on knowledge, that we as individuals and
as members of a movement have something to offer those communities we live
and work in.  Anarchism is an inclusive ideology that ultimately relies on
mass participation.  It is the only ideology that honestly and genuinely
welcomes participation.  It9s strength lies in its ability to tap into the
under-utilised resources of individuals and communities.
Even in a negative environment, it9s possible to maintain our integrity in
ourselves and our ideas.  Whether we succeed or fail, will ultimately depend
on the strength of our ideas, our understanding of these ideas and our
ability to maintain confidence in these ideas irrespective of the hostile
environment we find ourselves in.

@_date: 2002-03-15 10:36:42
@_author: "matthew X " 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Q+A.The nuclear family.It was not me it was him 
My dad is a poet,he looks at me and says i should have kept it in my My dad said my mother left before I was born so we never knew who she was,may be she was a anticrist like me.
or his it anarchist we nobodys need somethink to hang on to
some people have a team but i am a ANARCHIST i am.
We are going to take from the rich and keep it then we will be rich and not ANARCRIST o god what is happening to me.
News Flash a dna sample from the shroud of turin says the father
was an arab goat herder,I HOPE MY MOTHER WAS NOT A GOAT
KEEPER, I COULD HAVE BEEN A KID

@_date: 2002-03-15 09:51:09
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Thanks to flatterers 
Thanks whoever's imitating me as its a)flatteringb)gives me someone to blame for contraversial/illegal posts.andc)Its more noise(that means I can post more) on a long deceased list of value for anything much above storage.Now where did I put my brain?
"A website could be set up running a "lottery" for the successful "predictions" of the deaths of overbearing public officials. Using encryption and digital cash the whole exercise would be within the law because the person who made the successful "prediction" would be anonymous and their reward would be untrackable."M.Mottram.the Age.

@_date: 2002-03-15 09:48:33
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A.The nuclear family. 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER
Q  What role will the nuclear family play in an anarchist society?
A  Human beings are capable of an infinite variety of human relationships.
A cursory glance through the historical records combined with a journey
across current cultural and geographical boundaries, throws up a myriad
combination of possible human relationships.  Anarchist relationships are
ultimately based on choice.  Not a choice limited by necessity or curtailed
by cultural or gender issues but a choice that9s based on access to
resources and power.
What relationships occur in an anarchist society will develop over time.
Access to wealth will not determine the type of relationships which will
develop.  As everybody has access to the wealth created by community they
live in, access to resources can9t be used as a bargaining chip to determine
what type if relationships develop.  This doesn9t mean that emotional
factors don9t play a role in the type of relationships developed, what it
does mean is that emotional factors will take precedence over economic
Allowing a wide range of human relationships to exist within a community,
does not mean that problems that develop within human relationships wont
occur, they will still occur with the same monotonous regularity.  What will
happen is that individuals will have a greater range of emotional choices to
explore within an anarchist community.  Whether the nuclear family will
survive or even prosper, is a matter for conjecture.  What is important is
that structure are created which offer choice and protect the more
vulnerable members of the community.
As for human relationships are concerned. Predators will still exist in an
anarchist society.  What type of role they are able to play and the damage
they are able to cause will be minimized in an anarchist community, because
of the open nature of that community.  At the end of the day, we need to
understand that the majority of the sexual abuse that occurs in our society,
is perpetrated by people who are able to abuse the trust they enjoy and the
power they exercise, creating structures that limit the power people are
able to exercise will decrease the amount of abuse that people can get away

@_date: 2002-03-15 09:37:42
@_author: "matthew X " 
@_subject: Re: Thanks to flatterers Blame him plase sir. (JOIN THE YELLOW 
The left brain said to the right brain you are full off shit,how come you do not give death threats to the people in your own back yard
I know who you are you come into the peoples park,cut down the trees
and build your house,when one of the people comes into your house
at 3am in the morning to host a party you call the police.
As i'am you, who are you blaming
When the feds come you will be like choate and bend over.
Sung to the tune of the yellow streak of Texas.

@_date: 2002-03-15 05:08:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Getting religon. 
May it please god...
Make sure that nobody is following you.

@_date: 2002-03-15 05:00:01
@_author: "matthew X " 
@_subject: Re: Barcelona protest pulls 100,000 on eve of EU summit 
Mirror mirrior on the wall who is the stupid one of all.
Can I have my brain back?

@_date: 2002-03-14 20:43:52
@_author: "matthew X " 
@_subject: Re: kuro5hin.org || US Government policy supports international terrorists 
NOW I KNOW YOU HAVE MY BRAIN,fuck off and die bitch

@_date: 2002-03-14 11:27:02
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Is imitation the highest form of flattery? 
Someones got my name and addy down pat,2 out of 3 aint bad.
"Theft exists only through the exploitation of man by man...when Society refuses you the right to exist, you must take it... the policeman arrested me in the name of the Law, I struck him in the name of Liberty..."

@_date: 2002-03-14 10:17:42
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Who speaks for the detained? NYC Rally,march 16. 
NYC ACC Call for INS demo (english)
The New York City Anti-Capitalist Convergence is calling on all anarchists to join in the weekly rally at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, Saturday, March 16, 12 noon - 1pm, in solidarity with the Arab, South Asian, and Muslim immigrants being detained there.
ACC call - All out for INS demo, Sat Mar 16
The New York City Anti-Capitalist Convergence is calling on all anarchists to join in the weekly rally at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Sunset Brooklyn, Saturday, March 16, 12 noon - 1pm, in solidarity with the Arab, South Asian, and Muslim immigrants being detained there. They are among the
hundreds of people who were unjustly rounded up and detained following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and have been held ever since in violation of their
civil and human rights.
We're calling on all anarchists to support the coalition working on behalf of the detainees and to highlight our opposition to state persecution of Muslims, people of color, and those who oppose US policy in the Middle East and Central Asia. The ACC pledges to respect the tactics and protocols
adopted by the coalition and offers its help in delivering a powerful message of defiance to state repression and denial of human rights during the so-called
"war on terrorism." Just as anarchists - many of them immigrants - took the brunt of state repression at Haymarket Square and in the Sacco-and-Vanzetti in years past, so do Muslim immigrants from the Middle East today.
Please join us at 11:30am on Saturday, a half hour before the scheduled start of the rally. The Metropolitan Detention Center is located at 29th Street and
3rd Avenue in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. Take the N or R trains to the 25th Street and 4th Avenue stop.
The demonstration is sponsored by: Freedom Legal Defense and Education Project, Arab-American Family Support Center. Cosponsored by: American
Association of Jurists; Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund; Brooklyn Bridges, Brooklyn Heights Peace Action, Brooklyn Parents for Peace,
Coalition for the Human Rights of Immigrants, DRUM, Labor Against the War (NYCLAW), Pakistan League of America; Prospect Lefferts Voices for Peace and
Justice; and others (list in formation).
For more information about the event, call (718) 624-5921 or email

@_date: 2002-03-14 10:17:39
@_author: "matthew X " 
@_subject: Re: Is imitation the highest form of flattery?STOP USING MY 
Who the FUCK ARE YOU? are you my brain?I lost it you know,

@_date: 2002-03-14 09:16:40
@_author: "matthew X " 
@_subject: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Re:_{=B1=A4=B0=ED}=B9=BE=BE=DF=3F_=BE=C6=C1=F7=B5=B5_=C2=EF=C7=F4_=B3=AA=B0=A3=B4=D9= 
Is this in code, have you seen my brain I have lost it

@_date: 2002-03-14 04:48:40
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Independent Trade Union Fifty thousand oil workers in Daqing in 
50,000 Daqing Oilfield Workers Organise Independent Trade Union Fifty thousand oil workers in Daqing in northeast China stage mass demonstrations and organize an independent union in a struggle against retrenchment. The incident represents a significant yet precarious development in recent labour organizing in China -- the local authorities responded by sending para-military police and deploying a PLA tank regiment. China Labour Bulletin has talked with the organizers, officials of the local government and the government-run Heilongjiang Federation of Trade Unions. For CLB's special report and press release, please go to  The Daqing Retrenched Workers' Provisional Union Committee stands as the first successful independent union organizing effort in China since the 1990s. To date, the union is still operating underground to avoid repression. CLB will follow the matter closely, and will keep you updated on this significant move of retrenched state workers.

@_date: 2002-03-14 04:37:57
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Who passes laws in the wet spot? 
Unparliamentary behaviour reported in the house
By Ian Munro
March 14 2002
The English have long demonstrated that sex and politics do mix, if not quite in the manner demonstrated last week in the Northern Territory The territory's honourable members, at least, were in recess late on Friday when a government staffer and his girlfriend are believed to have had sex in the parliamentary chamber.
Initially their coupling occurred in the Speaker's chair, but they also pushed aside the Despatch Box to make room on the chamber's central table according to claims made in Darwin yesterday.
The Clerk of the NT Parliament, Ian McNeill, yesterday examined security video footage and security access records to determine who had access to the chamber about 10.30pm on Friday in order to prepare a report to the Speaker Loraine Braham.
Ms Braham said that after confirming a former ministerial staff member had made an unauthorised entry to the chamber, she was considering asking the Director of Public Prosecutions if there was a case to answer
"I am investigating my powers as Speaker under the Powers and Privileges Act to prohibit the offenders from entering the parliamentary precinct again," she said.
The Opposition Whip first raised concerns about the claims that were aired on Darwin radio yesterday morning, Mr McNeill said.
It appeared the couple gained access to the chamber through an area occupied by the opposition. "(This) is one of those days you reckon you should have played golf," he said.
He said security cameras outside the chamber, and coded access cards would register who was in the surrounds of the chamber late on Friday.
"We have a few members to talk to," Mr McNeill said.FROM
On TV this morning was leaders press secretary,said he "wanted to go out with a bang."

@_date: 2002-03-14 04:32:01
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Indon E/Timor atrocity organizer moved to Papua 
Silence over a crime against humanity
International Editor Hamish McDonald reveals the critical evidence Australia's spy chiefs have kept hidden, as trials begin in Jakarta today over violence during East Timor's independence vote.
The evidence is contained in the most tightly held archive in Canberra: the electronic data base of the Defence Signals Direct-orate (DSD), the result of months intercepting secret communications between Indonesian officers involved in a shadowy campaign to thwart East Timorese hopes of independence in 1999.
Some details of this vast intelligence record have been revealed for the first time to the Herald by senior defence community sources in Canberra. They are dismayed at a huge crime against humanity, committed on Australia's doorstep and under the eyes of the United Nations, remaining The DSD intercepts map out the chain of command, from the local militias and covert Indonesian forces in East Timor up to one of the most feared military men in Jakarta, General Feisal Tanjung, whose involvement has so far escaped mention in human rights investigations.
The defence sources also say that some of this critical intelligence in the first half of 1999, pointing to high-level Indonesian involvement, was not included in intelligence exchanged with United States' agencies at a time when the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade was blaming the militia violence on "rogue elements" in the Indonesian army.
The tensions this caused between Canberra's Defence Intelligence Organisation and the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) have been seen as contributing to the June 1999 suicide of the DIO liaison officer in Washington, Lieutenant-Colonel Merv Jenkins, after he was questioned by DFAT security officials about "Australian Eyes Only" material shared with American counterparts.
The intercepts, contained in files classified as "Secret Spoke" (meaning derived from intercepted clear-voice telephone calls) or "Top Secret Umbra" (derived from encrypted or scrambled voice communications), have not been shared with UN or other investigators.
But they include details of command and communications hierarchies that would provide vital evidence for international-standard war crimes tribunals, such as those prosecutions being mounted in The Hague against politicians and generals in the former Yugoslavia.
Instead of setting up such a tribunal for East Timor, the UN has stood back for 21/2 years to let Jakarta fulfil its promise to mount its own trials of those responsible for the 1999 massacres, abductions, coerced population movements and destruction.
In Jakarta, the first trial is due to begin today, with former East Timor governor Abilio Soares and former provincial police chief Brigadier-General Timbul Silaen accused of crimes against humanity involving widespread attacks on civilians.
Silaen is one of three generals among the 18 military personnel and civilian militia leaders accused of participation or responsibility in some of the more large-scale acts of murder in 1999. The other two are Major-General Adam Damiri, former head of the Udayana regional command, which included East Timor, and Brigadier-General Tono Suratman, who was East Timor military commander for much of 1999.
To the extent they face substantial punishment the three still seem to be in the pipeline for promotion within the army and police these generals and a number of colonels and junior officers appear to be the sacrifices to appease foreign and local concerns.
The senior generals who were more closely supervising the militia campaign on the ground in East Timor, and who reported directly to top military figures in Jakarta, have been left off the list of accused, although some were named as suspects in Indonesia's special human rights commission report in February 2000.
So far, it appears the Indonesian legal process, while concentrating on specific incidents of terror, has not attempted to lay overall blame for the militia campaign ahead of the August 30, 1999, vote, or for the systematic drive after the result was announced to deport the population and lay waste to the territory.
The Indonesian armed forces commander and defence minister at the time, General Wiranto, was forced to resign from his later cabinet post as co-ordinating political and security minister after the February 2000 report said he carried moral responsibility for the violence, given that Indonesia had guaranteed security for East Timor's referendum.
But now Wiranto also appears to be a fall guy, in terms of political, if not legal, responsibility. In all the inquiries so far, little attention has been given to the role of Feisal Tanjung, Wiranto's predecessor as armed forces commander then as political-security minister, whose pivotal role in instigating, planning and executing the militia campaign is brought into focus by the DSD intercepts.
Normally, the political-security position in the Indonesian cabinet has little executive responsibility or clout within the Indonesia military, compared with that of the commander. But the weighting of the two roles seems to have been reversed in 1999 because of the personalities and records of the officers involved.
Wiranto was a sociable some say weak political general who had risen to senior ranks through his positions in the entourage of former president Soeharto, who had been forced out of office by popular protest in May 1998. Throughout 1999 he kept an eye out for his prospects in Jakarta as political parties courted the powerful military following general elections in June.
TOUGH-minded Feisal Tanjung had spent much of his career in the feared Special Forces, known as Kopassus, or the paratroop units of the Strategic Reserve. He had associations with operations in East Timor from the earliest occupation days in 1975.
Tanjung appears to have operated a chain of command parallel to that wielded by General Wiranto, using officers with Kopassus and East Timor backgrounds, especially the two major-generals Zacky Anwar Makarim and Sjafrie Sjamsuddin assigned as "liaison officers" to the UN mission running the ballot in East Timor.
Most of these officers were, like Tanjung, associated with the "Green" or conspicuously Islamic faction active in the Indonesian forces in the last years of the Soeharto era. Wiranto and key aides like then lieutenant-general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono belonged to the "Red and White" or more secular nationalist faction (the name derived from Indonesia's national flag).
Because of his political ambitions, Wiranto may have been happy to distance himself from the dirty work involved in keeping East Timor within Indonesia. His colleagues may have been equally content to preserve his political acceptability in order to maintain the military's privileged position. This meant the crescendo of protests made to Wiranto by Canberra and other foreign capitals about the obvious military collusion with the militias went to the wrong address. Equally, Wiranto's promises of fair behaviour by the security forces carried little weight.
According to the Defence sources, the Indonesian embassy in Canberra was also out of the loop. DSD intercepted several queries by the then defence attache in Canberra, Brigadier-General Judi Magio Yusuf, to his Jakarta superiors asking for clarification of atrocities being reported from East Timor. He was routinely told these were foreign press fabrications and to ignore them.
Nine specific intercepts detailed by the Defence sources, plus accounts of other patterns of command and consultation at critical points in 1999, reveal some of the key officers and strategies in the covert campaign to retain East Timor.
On February 9 less than a fortnight after then president Habibie's announcement that the East Timorese would have an early choice between wider autonomy within Indonesia or independence DSD intercepted messages confirming that two Indonesian special forces units, codenamed Tribuana and Venus, had arrived in East Timor to join undercover operations.
The East Timor military command, abbreviated to Korem 164, had already been using armed local auxiliaries and militias since the latter months of 1998 to counter the popular unrest that had been growing since Soeharto's fall.
On February 14, DSD heard the Dili militia leader Eurico Guterres telephone the Tribuana unit about the condition of an injured member of the militia group, which was called Mahidi. Tribuana told Guterres: "We know that Brig-Gen Simbolon is concerned that one of his crew is injured."
This refers to then Brigadier-General Mahidin Simbolon, who was chief of staff in the Bali-based Udayana regional command, which included East Timor. A former East Timor commander, Simbolon was close to the Mahidi leader Cancio de Cavalho, whose coined name for the group (Mahidi, from the Indonesian words meaning "Live or Die for Integration") was a tribute to the Indonesian officer.
On May 5, Indonesia's commander in East Timor, then Colonel Tono Suratman, was intercepted phoning Guterres to ask where he was massing his militia group for a show of force in Dili, the territory's capital. Guterres reported 400 militias waiting outside a city hotel.
On June 1, DSD intercepted Colonel Suratman telling Guterres: "Don't deal with me directly. Contact me via Bambang [referring to Major Bambang Wisnumurti, the intelligence chief in Suratman's command]."
On August 8, DSD intercepted a message from military headquarters in Jakarta, allocating radio frequencies for use by pro-Indonesian groups. This was one of a series of frequency allocations that were intercepted routine signals but the kind that provide crucial pieces of evidence for war crimes prosecutors. The point of contact for the militia groups was another intelligence officer, a Lieutenant Masbuku, in Suratman's Korem 164 headquarters in Dili.
On August 9, a message stated that Director "A" in Jakarta's military intelligence agency BAIS, a Brigadier-General Arifuddin, had organised flags and other material for a demonstration against Unamet, the UN mission. Arifuddin said 5000 T-shirts had been prepared, and 10,000 ordered.
In intercepts in a file dated September 4, and classified "Top Secret Umbra", Major-General Zacky Anwar Makarim is making last minute calls to find out how the count of the votes from five days earlier is going (the result, a 78.5 per cent majority for independence, was later announced by the UN that morning).
Anwar spoke to a police officer named Andreas and asked how the count was going. The police officer said that with 50 per cent of the vote counted, only about 20 per cent seemed to be for the autonomy-within-Indonesia option. Anwar appeared incredulous, asking: "Are you sure? How can it be?" He pointed out that all across East Timor, households had been displaying the red and white Indonesian flag.
Anwar also spoke to Brigadier-General Glenny Kairupan, head of another special team appointed by General Feisal Tanjung, for pointers to the impending result, and to the East Timorese activist leading Jakarta's political campaign in the ballot, Basilio Araujo who said it was obvious the poll was fixed.
While speaking to Araujo, General Anwar also asked him to keep a close eye on Eurico Guterres. Anwar said Guterres had a relative who was a Catholic nun, and might easily be persuaded to jump to the independence side. "I'll take care of him if he goes over to the other side," Anwar said.
ONCE the ballot's result was announced on September 4, the Indonesian authorities on the ground moved quickly to adapt existing contingency plans for evacuation of pro-integration elements and Indonesian residents.
Across the central and western parts of East Timor, people were driven from their homes and shepherded to land or sea transport to West Timor or other parts of Indonesia. The aim, apparently, was to discredit the UN ballot as rigged, by suggesting that a majority of Timorese were voting with their feet in accordance with their true wishes, or to create conditions for partition of the territory. Over the grim two weeks this scheme was carried out, before the arrival of the Australian-led international force Interfet on September 20, DSD picked up numerous scrambled telephone conversations between General Tanjung in Jakarta and General Anwar in Timor discussing details, the Defence sources say.
In addition, DSD intercepted other discussions about the population transfer involving General Anwar and two ministers in the Habibie government, both with intelligence and special forces backgrounds. One was Lieutenant-General A.M.Hendropriyono, the minister for the former inter-island "transmigration" scheme, the other Lieutenant-General Yunus Yosfiah, the information minister.
On September 21, as Interfet was still landing troops in Dili and establishing an uneasy interregnum with Indonesian forces, DSD intercepted a phone call to the veteran pro-Indonesian political leader Francisco Xavier Lopez da Cruz, informing him that Kopassus had formed special hit-squads code-named "Kiper-9" to hunt down pro-independence elements and pro-Indonesian figures who changed sides.
A final intercept revealed by the sources, reported on October 5, details a message from the East Nusatenggara provincial police commander to the police chief in the provincial capital Kupang (in West Timor). The local police chief is reminded that some visitors from the US State Department are about to visit camps holding relocated East Timorese. He is to make sure the visitors get the impression the refugees are free of harassment.
The generals who figure in the command chain of this campaign aside from Damiri, Suratman and Silaen are all free of legal charge. Feisal Tanjung is active in party politics since losing ministerial office with the end of the Habibie presidency in October 1999, along with former information minister Yunus Yosfiah. Damiri's former chief of staff in the Udayana command, Mahidin Simbolon, has been promoted to his own command, in Papua, where local independence activists fear he could pursue a militia strategy against them, and where Kopassus soldiers are suspected of murdering the Papuan Council leader Theys Eluay.
Zacky Anwar Makarim remains in the army, attached to the TNI headquarters without specific assignment. Sjafrie Sjamsuddin, who is among army officers resisting legal summonses to testify on violence against students in early 1998 (when he was Jakarta garrison chief), has been appointed official TNI The former transmigration minister who helped organise the mass deportations in September 1999, General Hendropriyono, has had a revived career, being made head of the new National Intelligence Body created by President Megawati Sukarnoputri, whom he had cultivated in her opposition years against Soeharto.
Only the decades of impunity enjoyed by the Indonesian security forces make the country's leadership unabashed by the irony that Hendropriyono and Sjamsuddin are now the public faces of a TNI and intelligence service being asked to join the War against Terror.

@_date: 2002-03-14 03:52:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: French,"revolting." 
Revolt in France Paris 1968 analysis and eyewitness accounts In May 1968 student protests and the brutal police repression of them helped spark off a general strike involving some 12 million workers. You can download, print out and hopefully distribute a PDF booklet that describes these events in detail by going to  When France rebelled People think of revolutions as buried deep in history. Yet in 1968 France was on the verge of a total revolt with 12 million workers on strike, 122 factories occupied, and students fighting against the old moribund system in which they found themselves. Paris May 1968 An eyewitness account from a member of the English libertarian communist organisation Solidarity who visited Paris in May and produced this detailed account of events Read the texts online or print out the PDF booklet from  -- --------  3000 + pages on anarchism, Ireland, Zapatistas revolutionary history and struggles around globalistaion

@_date: 2002-03-14 03:43:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: new anti-terrorist legislation in au 
This is a summary of the main bill, which proposes to introduce terrorism offences into the Criminal Code, and also inserts treason offences into the "A website could be set up running a "lottery" for the successful "predictions" of the deaths of overbearing public officials. Using encryption and digital cash the whole exercise would be within the law because the person who made the successful "prediction" would be anonymous and their reward would be untrackable, Mr Bell wrote." murray Mottram,the Age.

@_date: 2002-03-14 03:34:21
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: AU Spooks lie down with dogs.(and lick uncle sams boots) 
Australia's bloody East Timor secret
Spy intercepts confirm Government knew of Jakarta's hand in massacres
By Hamish McDonald, International Editor
The Australian Government sat on explosive intelligence material which showed the direct involvement of senior Indonesian army generals in the violence which swept East Timor in 1999.
Defence sources in Canberra have given details of how Australian electronic eavesdroppers intercepted secret messages between the Indonesian officers who ran a campaign of fear to deter the East Timorese from voting for But virtually none of the collected evidence, which could be vital to finding the masterminds responsible for crimes against humanity, has been shared with United Nations investigators.
This is because of concerns that Indonesia would adopt countermeasures to foil future interception operations by the Defence Signals Directorate.
Transcripts of the DSD intercepts revealed to the Herald show a covert chain of command down from the then President B.J. Habibie's co-ordinating minister for politics and security, General Feisal Tanjung, to army generals and colonels on the ground in East Timor.
It provides evidence for the first time that Tanjung, a career special forces and paratroop officer, used a network of similar minded officers in a campaign to avert a vote for independence in the United Nations-supervised ballot on August 30, 1999.
When this failed to their enormous surprise, a DSD intercept shows the officers then organised the forced deportation of one third of East Timor's population and the destruction of infrastructure, with the assistance of two other ministers in Habibie's cabinet the former generals A.M. Hendropriyono and Mohammad Yunus Yosfiah.
Three Indonesian army and police generals who were in charge of security for East Timor in 1999 are among 18 suspects whose trials begin in Jakarta today over four militia rampages in Liquica, Dili and Suai. But the generals who planned and directed the militia operation appear likely to escape indictment.
The leak of highly classified intelligence material is the first time raw DSD intercepts relating to a contemporary event have been disclosed. It reflects deep disquiet in defence circles that Canberra at first downplayed the high-level Indonesian military involvement with the militias blaming it on "rogue elements" and since then has not used it to help war crimes Intercepts in February 1999 show Jakarta had sent detachments of special forces, code-named Tribuana and Venus, to begin black operations in East Timor, and that a commander based in Bali, Major-General Mahidin Simbolon, was referring to a militia group as "his crew".
As the militia campaign geared up with massacres of independence supporters in April, the DSD picked up conversations in which the East Timor army commander, Colonel Tono Suratman, is supervising the notorious militia leader Eurico Guterres.
Other messages include the allocation of radio frequencies by the Indonesian military command in Jakarta to militia groups, and a general in Jakarta's military intelligence agency organising T-shirts for demonstrations against the United Nations mission supervising the ballot.
The intercepts show the key officer running the militia in East Timor, Major-General Zacky Anwar Makarim, was ready to assassinate Guterres if he changed sides after the vote.
One intercept indicates that just after the arrival on September 20 of the international security force led by Australia's Major-General Peter Cosgrove, the covert campaign chiefs had sent in hit squads of special forces troops, code-named Kiper-9, to target independence leaders and turncoats from the pro-Indonesian cause.
The unfinished story of accountability in East Timor hangs over moves by the United States and Australia to improve contacts with Indonesian military and security agencies to pursue their campaign against terrorism.
The retired general Hendropriyono, who as transmigration minister in 1999 helped set up the camps into which East Timorese deportees were driven, was recently made head of Indonesia's National Intelligence Body.
On his visit to Jakarta last month, the Prime Minister, John Howard, accepted an Indonesian proposal to step up intelligence exchanges with this

@_date: 2002-03-14 02:58:55
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchists hijack police protest in London. 
Anarchists hijack police protest
(13th March 2002. Reports from u75 boards, Indymedia and Guardian)
Anarchists turn up at Police protest
IN what has to be one of the most surreal protests of the year, police officers from across Britain gathered around Parliament to protest at reforms to the police service proposed by the home secretary, David Blunkett.
Banned from actually demonstrating in uniform or with placards, hundreds of men with skintight haircuts loitered around Westminster seeking more money. One figure dressed as John Bull and covered in Union Jacks displayed a sign "New Labour, the boys in Blues are sick of you."
The police brass band complete with plastic 'bobbie' helmets drafted in for the day were drowned out when an assortment of Globalisation, environmental and social justice campaigners turned up with a Samba band. As the media descended upon the activists, signs were displayed with "Remember the Miners" slogans and others highlighting oppressive policing of protests.
Great humour was shown by the anti-capitalist protesters who handed out leaflets saying, "We demand a zero hour week for the police to give them fair times for reading, leisure activities with their friends or perhaps their partners, time for giving vent to their frustrations by making love, and to play football with the local kids and for chats with elderly passers-by, with who they could discuss the meaning of freedom."
Even the cops found it funny, with Constable Phil Bennett, of Thames Valley police, saying he found the leaflets "hilarious" and that they were going to publish it in their next magazine.
Shouts of "You've had your protest, now go home" were shouted at the throngs of officers as a humourous reminder of what is heard from police at each demonstration. One seething officer from East London told undercurrents that he wasn't "allowed to bring a banner but the anarchists could, and that it wasn't fair."
  The Home secretary attempts at creating a new type of civilian police force has angered many in the force. Some activists called for officers to strike on Mayday and others displayed a banner saying 'Anarchy is Attractive'. A reference to a Lambeth Police Commander who stated the anarchist way of life attracted him.
Meanwhile Mr Blair PM,is still insisting that the majority of police officers agreed with his government. Someone has to we guess.

@_date: 2002-03-14 02:33:06
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Faustine;the hoes hoe. 
>>Rant snipped>>Middle finger raised, I salute you. There's no honor in abject idiocy. One would think a truly subversive so-called "Enemy of the State" would take pride in having a perfectly flawless criminal record.<<<
'One' would know that if 'one' was half smart.You take pride in hiding behind a nym,are you a subversive?
  Oh well, be proud of being convicted if you want to. I'll stand up for your rights, but for the life of me can't see what there is to cheer about. Isnt it great to have Justine on our side? If she ever changed sides I think I'd die of a broken heart.While your standing up for my rights agent faust would you mind writing to the victorian police? No? Well fuck off and die bitch.

@_date: 2002-03-13 12:26:33
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Bob Blacks abolition of work. 
"...the cyberpunks Bruce Sterling and Lewis Shiner, have drawn on "The Abolition of Work" in sketching zero-work lifestyles which variously turn on technology.  In Islands in the Net, Sterling extrapolates from several anti-work stances: the "avant-garde job enrichment" (as Steele would say) of the laid-back Rhizome multinational; the selective post-punk high-tech of Singapore's Anti-Labour Party; and the post-agricultural guerrilla nomadism of Tuareg insurgents in Africa.  He incorporates a few of my phrases verbatim.  Shiner in Slam recounts an individual anti-work odyssey expressly indebted to several Loompanics books, including "a major inspiration for this novel, The Abolition of Work by Bob Black."  If I am skeptical about liberation through high-tech it mainly because the techies aren't even exploring the possibility, and if they don't, who will?  They are all worked up over nanotechnology, the as-yet-nonexistent technology of molecular mechanical manipulation -- that SF cliche, the matter transformer

@_date: 2002-03-13 11:57:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Terrorist parasite quotes Bob Black on anarchism. 
"...My own conception of anarchism, which I think is also that of the classical anarchists, is that the feasibility of anarchism does not depend upon angelic assumptions about human nature. Critics of the anarchists always accuse them of idealizing ordinary people, but thats not true. Anarchists have no use for notions of original sin, but usually they dont posit that people are much smarter or better than they actually are. Anarchists have produced plenty of saints and heroes, but anarchy does not require saints and heroes, although it welcomes them. The most plausible and reasonable of anarchists, such as Proudhon and Kropotkin, properly pointed to the very substantial extent to which even society as we experience it, as experienced by people as they now are, is anarchistic. Authority is always parasitic upon anarchy. Authority cannot do without anarchy, but anarchy can do without authority (if you dont think so, call yourself anything you like  except anarchist)..."FROM

@_date: 2002-03-13 11:41:07
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Basa Andere,(Basque, "forest-woman") 
Basa Andere
Rufus C. Camphausen
(Basque, "forest-woman") In Basque legend Basa Andere is said to be a beautiful woman, "perfectly shaped" for love and covered all over with soft, golden hair like a cat's. This Basque "wild lady" can usually be met near a sunlit stream in a forest, where she awaits the wanderer while combing the hair of her soft belly with a golden comb.  She will smile lovingly at the man, lie back with open legs, and offer him first a view of the beautiful moist flower between her thighs, and then entrance into her warm and fragrant body.  It is said that the pleasure of making love to a Basa Andere is so intense that a man will die from it at the height of his orgasm.  The dead are found with their backs arched in the agony of unimaginable pleasure.
(From The Encyclopedia of Erotic Wisdom by Rufus Camphausen, 1991. Rochester, Vermont: Inner Traditions)
FROM Fuck me dead.

@_date: 2002-03-13 03:23:09
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Backbench rebellion on new ASIO law 
Backbench rebellion on new ASIO law FROM By Michelle Grattan
Serious backbench concerns have delayed introduction of controversial legislation increasing the powers of the Australian Security Intelligence Coalition MPs have attacked proposals to hold people incommunicado for 48 hours without legal representation.
The backbench attorney general and justice committee met the Attorney-General, Daryl Williams, on Monday.
Those worried about the provisions included committee chairman, Christopher Pyne, Senator Marise Payne, Petro Georgiou, Senator George Brandis, Sophie Panopoulos, and Bruce Baird.
No agreement was reached. Mr Williams said he would look at the issues further. He will meet the backbenchers again this morning.
A radical provision, contained in the terrorism legislation introduced to Parliament last night, that allows the attorney-general to ban an organisation likely to endanger security and make links with it illegal, also came under fire.
The backbench critics of the ASIO bill said its provisions were a serious diminution of rights.
Mr Williams replied that terrorism raised serious issues which required serious responses.
He said what the ASIO legislation was trying to do was to stop mass murderers.
But Mr Georgiou said the danger was that innocent people would be dragged in and they would have no legal representation.
Senator Brandis said the anti-terrorist measure allowing the banning of organisations reminded him of the unsuccessful attempt to ban the Communist Party in the 1950s.
Mr Williams reiterated to reporters that the ASIO legislation would still contain the provision to detain people for 48 hours.

@_date: 2002-03-12 10:46:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarcho-hirstory 
The International Workingman's Association to which I assume you are referring (IWMA) was not constituted until the last half of the 19th century, and even then it was a blend of nationalist organizations (Garibaldi), Marxists (uh, Marx & Engels), social democrats, various radical republicans, and the anarchists under the leadership of your nom de Anarchism has a long history before this, and not merely thinkers with an anarchist streak. Godwin wrote "Enquiry Concerning Political Justice", "Caleb Williams" and his other works in the last decades of the 18th century. The Enrages were fucking shit up on the streets of Paris in the last decade of the 18th century. Shelley wrote "The Masque of Anarchy" and other similar poems in the early 19th century. Proudhon wrote his theoretical works and coined the term "anarchist" decades before the International was founded. The International represents the first significant mass-based, self-consciously anarchist organization. But it hardly "conceived" anarchism, nor did anarchism die with the defeat of its grandchildren in the Spanish Civil War. It is alive and well and evolving along multiple trajectories - primitivist, insurrectionary, communist, green, syndicalist, individualist, and countless other approaches, all of which tackle pieces of the totality and organize to destroy it.

@_date: 2002-03-12 10:20:32
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Barcelona summit 
British protesters flock to summit
Police armed with tear gas as thousands prepare to descend on Barcelona
Paul Harris and Burhan Wazir Sunday March 10, 2002 The Observer
Thousands of British protesters have drawn up plans to descend upon a European summit in Spain this week amid fears of a repeat of riots in Genoa last year that saw one protester killed by police.
Tens of thousands of anti-globalisation activists are travelling to Barcelona for the meeting of European Union heads of state and government. The summit, on 15-16 March, will be the first such meeting since the summit in Genoa, which saw the worst rioting in western Europe for decades.
British protesters, ranging from hardcore anarchists to environmentalists, are travelling to the city. London-based Global Resistance is organising transport from Madrid to Barcelona. 'We expect a big turnout. We need to show people how powerful we can be,' said organiser Guy Taylor.
Police surveillance on suspected British troublemakers has been stepped up. Special Branch detectives have been monitoring the movements of known activists, using intelligence gathered in Genoa and during last year's May Day protests, which brought London's West End to a halt and caused several hundred thousand pounds of damage.
Spanish police are determined to prevent any breakdown in law and order and have focused on anarchist groups. Since Genoa, anarchist protests have been labelled potentially terrorist activities in the EU, according to security reports seen by The Observer.
One report, studying terrorist trends in Europe over the past 12 months, concluded: 'The possibility of a resurrection of the left-wing and anarchist terror groups is existent.' That raises the possibility that anarchist demonstrators arrested in Barcelona could be charged with terrorism, not public order, offences.
Security measures to protect the summit and the European leaders who will be in Barcelona are to be as strict as those in Genoa. More than 8,500 police will be on the city's streets, including 3,000 officers drafted in from other parts of Spain. Riot police will be armed with tear gas and plastic bullets as well as pistols with live ammunition.
Ambulance teams have been set up to deal with expected casualties and mobile 'police intervention units' will act as a mobile police force moving quickly to any area of the city if rioting breaks out. Police have been carrying out random identity checks in city squares chosen for demonstrations and have raided several squats.
A security zone is to be set up around the conference centre around the Avenida Diagonal and the Catalonia Palace of Congresses, where the summit is being held. Similar zones will be set up around the two main hotels used by delegations at the summit, the Juan Carlos and Princess Sofia.
University campuses will also be closed down and private cars banned from the zone from midday on Thursday to midday on Saturday. 'The situation is high risk. We know that and we prepared for it,' said a senior EU source.
The Observer has learnt that at least 1,000 protesters from 'Black Bloc' groups will be attending the protests. Made up mainly of extremist anarchists from Germany and eastern Europe, they will try to breach the security zone and enter the summit buildings. Unlike the vast majority of peaceful protesters, Black Bloc activists use violence to achieve their ends. Similar plans took place in Genoa but were stopped by the Italian police in pitched battles that trashed large areas of the city centre.
'It is inevitable that the Black Bloc will arrive in Barcelona to show their strength. Genoa descended into a free-for-all with heavy violence. And the Black Bloc has taken all the credit for that. Barcelona proves irresistible,' said Richard Green, a protester from Bristol who will travel to Barcelona.
Another British demonstrator, Andy Wallace, 31, is taking a coach to Barcelona this weekend. He expects violence from the Spanish authorities: 'I think protesters in Barcelona next weekend will expect the worst.'
Spanish officials have applied to the EU for permission to refuse entry to anyone suspected of coming to Barcelona to participate in unrest. Similar tactics were tried before Genoa, but failed to prevent large numbers of protesters entering Italy.
However, the clampdown has been condemned by human rights groups and protesters' organisations. In Barcelona, residents' groups have criticised the high-profile police presence and accused the city authorities of adopting a siege mentality. 'There is an alarmist climate being created by the police. It is one thing guaranteeing safety and another turning the city into a bunker, preventing to a large extent the freedom of movement of its citizens,' said a spokesman for the Federation of Neighbourhood Associations of Barcelona.
Spanish police have liaised with their Italian counterparts to try to avoid a repeat of the Genoa violence. They have prepared special fast-track court procedures which could see people sentenced within 12 to 72 hours of being picked up by the police.
Although European leaders, including Tony Blair, initially praised the hardline taken by police in Genoa, a picture later emerged of brutality and beatings. One Italian protester, 23-year-old Carlos Giuliani, was shot and One protester who will not be in Barcelona this week is Norman Blair, 38, the Briton who is taking legal action against the Italian government after being kidnapped and tortured by police in Genoa.

@_date: 2002-03-12 04:08:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Mutiny spreading in PNG 
PNG mutiny spreads
March 12 2002(anniversary of the great sepoy mutiny)
A mutiny by disgruntled members of the Papua New Guinean defence force has spread to a second regional army barracks.
Troops at Igam Barracks in Lae declared support for the mutiny that began at the Moem Barracks in Wewak on the weekend, according to a report on the website of PNG's The National newspaper.
In Wewak about 50 soldiers burned down two buildings and stormed the Moem Barracks armoury in protest at government plans to downsize the military through retrenchments.
"We are not happy with the retrenchment package," a soldier speaking on behalf of the Igam barracks troops told The National.
"The retrenchment exercise was not our own decision. We have made our frustrations known through the chain of command, however, we have not received any answer.
"We will consider other options if our attempts to get a favourable answer to our demands are unsuccessful."
The soldiers are anxious over outstanding housing and hardship allowances and long service entitlements and believe they should be properly compensated in order to make a successful return to civilian life.
Lae is about 250km north of the capital Port Moresby, which remains calm with no signs of the dissent spreading to the military's headquarters.
Senior officers from the PNG defence force are expected to meet later today with the 50 or so troops who mutinied at Wewak barracks in the country's Defence Force commander Brigadier Peter Ilau described the situation at Wewak Barracks as quiet but tense and doubted the dissent would spread.
"I want to warn the soldiers that the actions taken by them thus far are completely unlawful, illegal and punishable with severe consequences," he told the National.
Ilau said the Moem incident was the result of failure by the unit commander and officers to regularly keep the soldiers informed about the government's retrenchment exercise.
"The other major units, commanding units and their officers have taken ownership of the exercise and they have made it their business to be part of it and this is what was lacking at Moem Barracks," he said.
Ilau said Prime Minister Sir Mekere Morauta had personally given him his full support to handle the situation despite the rebellious Moem soldiers' call for the commander to stand down.
Provincial police commander Leo Kabilo said soldiers remained inside Moem barracks and had not ventured out since the weekend.
AAP

@_date: 2002-03-12 03:05:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Osama's winning 
>>U.S. Rethinks Its Role in Saudi Arabia <<
The United Snakes still has time to save its stinking bacon.Run out of SA like republican soldiers out of Kuwait.Stop all aid to the criminal racist colonizers of Palistine and lastly apologise to the world before abolishing itself and giving half each to Canada and Mexico.
"We declared jihad against the US government, because the US government is unjust, criminal and tyrannical. It has committed acts that are extremely unjust, hideous and criminal whether directly or through its support of the Israeli occupation."

@_date: 2002-03-12 02:38:52
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: $4,320pounds reward for death of Bush. 
Make that 4,320 pounds,10 shillings.
We must hunt down and destroy all who support terrorism, including GW Bush! by Mark Thomas, New Statesman 11:04am Mon Mar 11 '02 (Modified on 5:08pm Mon Mar 11 '02)
A writer from the UK's New Statesman makes his "own contribution to the war on terrorism" by promising his "earnings to anyone who'll kill Bush" for his support of Colombiam terrorism.
A basic rule of life is: never cross a picket line, unless it is the police who are on strike. Then you have to, as a point of principle. Nor should it stop there. Why not volunteer to do a spot of patrolling, randomly photograph the striking officers and in general be sarcastic to them, along the lines of: "This your brazier is it, sir?" and "Got a receipt for it, have you?"
The police won't strike, obviously, but they have planned a demonstration in Whitehall, which all activists and trade unionists should attend. Not out of solidarity, but just to see the look of confusion on the cops' faces as they try to fight back the urge to baton-charge themselves and arrest their own ringleaders. If only the event could be stewarded by ex-miners and print workers . . .
In truth, the police demo will be full of journalists, bemused onlookers and unimaginative placards. Reality doesn't have the sense of justice and symmetry it should have. Reality is dull and often implemented with rapidly moving blunt instruments. Or company cheques made out to "The Republican Party of America".
For those on the receiving end of America's blunt instruments, the words "never cross a picket line" are not spoken glibly. A month ago, I wrote of the death threats received by trade unionists in Cali, Colombia, who, in a stand against corruption and privatisation, occupied the headquarters of the utility company Emcali. They knew there would be a price to pay for standing up to globalisation, and that the right-wing paramilitaries would exact it.
With sickening predictability, the murders have started.
On 11 February, Julio Galeano, a father of three and a member of the "Save Emcali" strike committee, was killed as he left his home. The assassin put a 9mm handgun under his lower left jaw and shot him. As his wife, Viviana, ran for her life, Julio was shot three more times in the face. He was murdered by the paramilitary United Self-Defence Forces of Colombia (AUC).
Last week, I met a group of Julio's friends, who told me about the rise of AUC activity and recruitment drives in the Siloe area, where Julio lived. The "paras" meet on the local football pitch to recruit unemployed young men. The starting pay is  a month, a good wage, but the biggest incentive to join the death squads is that, in the neighbouring area of Aqua Blanca, 150 young people have been murdered since August last year because they refused to join the AUC.
The AUC's leader, Carlos Castano, has said that the forces are 70 per cent funded by the cocaine trade. The US Drug Enforcement Agency named him as being involved in money-laundering and the trans-shipment of cocaine. Castano even boasted on his website ( [ that he had kidnapped and killed Aury Sara Marrugo, a regional president of the oil workers' union. Yet Castano has not even been questioned about this by the Colombians, nor targeted by the forces of the US war on drugs.
Castano's anti-democratic views and activities are not the only things he shares with President Bush. "We have always proclaimed that we are the defenders of business freedom and of the national and international industrial sectors," said Bush in 2000. That doesn't sound too surprising, does it? You wouldn't expect Bush to say any-thing else. But I have to admit, I lied. Bush didn't say those words. They are the words of Carlos Castano. The self-confessed murderer, drug-dealer and death-squad leader stands shoulder to shoulder with Bush on his trade liberalisation agenda.
Sometimes it is hard to tell which one is the murderer with the business agenda and which one is the businessman with the murderous agenda.
Bush has already overseen $2bn in military aid to Colombian brigades with links to the AUC, who share equipment, information and membership with the "paras". Now he plans to give $98m to the Colombian armed forces to protect Occidental Petroleum's Cano Limon oil pipeline. Once again, this money will go to those involved in the worst human rights abuses in the region. Once again, the money will help arm the murderers of trade unionists, human rights activists and peasants.
President Andres Pastrana's ending of talks with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) and invasion of the FARC-held demilitarised zone (roughly the size of Switzerland) can only lead to further human rights abuses. As the FARC guerrillas move out of the area, so the "paras" will move in, and the peasants will start to pay the price that Julio paid.
Given that Osama Bin Laden has a price on his head and is wanted dead or alive for organising acts of terrorism, it seems only fair to offer a bounty to anyone who can kill George Bush. After all, he is helping to bankroll the AUC. So my contribution to the war against terrorism is to offer  my total earnings so far for writing in the New Statesman, to anyone who can bag Bush. You don't have to bring me his head or snack on his heart. Nothing weird, just kill him and send me your bank details c/o the New Statesman.
Having said that, if some would-be assassin wants to give me the option, I'd like him taken out with a lethal papier-mache weapon crafted from flour, water, dictionaries and Enron share certificates. However, these are the finer points of President Bush's demise.
I would obviously settle for him accidentally stabbing himself to death with the pin from his enamel US flag badge.

@_date: 2002-03-12 01:54:57
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: International Day Against Police Brutality: list of 
International Day Against Police Brutality: list of events (english)
by cobp 4:41pm Mon Mar 11 '02
address: COBP a/s La Librairie Alternative2035 rue Saint-Laurent Montrial, Quibec Canada H2X 2T3 phone: (514) 859-9065 message box cobp
this is a list of the events that will be held for the sixth International Day Against Police Brutality; this list shall be updated soon
The International Day Against Police Brutality, March 15, 2002:
Inventory of local and international participation
Here is an inventory of activities, which are being organized here, and abroad in the context of the sixth International Day Against Police Brutality. One thing to emphasize: the participation in Quebec and in Canada has never been so large and diverse, which is very encouraging.
Please note that this list is very incomplete since we are waiting for more groups and details concerning certain activities and other information. An up-date of the inventory of participation in the International Day Against Police Brutality will be available as soon as possible. Also note that all the activities mentioned below are planned to take place during the day of March 15 2002, unless otherwise specified.
QUEBEC AND CANADA
In Montreal the International Day Against Police Brutality has given rise to more interest than ever. The Collective Opposed to Police Brutality is organizing a demonstration, which its starting point is Berri Square, at 5:00p.m. For more information on COBP and the International Day Against Police Brutality, take a look at the collective's web site at Different activists from different organizations will participate by giving speeches, such as an activist from Kabataang (which means "youth" in the Filipino language) from a group coming from the Filipino community from Ctte-des-Neiges neighbourhood. The Association pour la Solidariti Syndicale Itudiante-ASSI (Student Association of Solidarity and Syndicalism) will also takes part of the support for International Day Against Police Brutality and a speech will be made by one of its members. (To know more about the ASSI, visit their web site at: Also the hip-hop group Genocyde and the rapper Patrick Joseph will be performing to the participants at the demonstration. Dozens of people will be coming via bus from Drummondville to participate in COBP's demonstration
At the same time as COBP's demo, MAJ - Mouvement Action Justice (Justice Action Movement) will be holding a torch march which will go to the police station Centre-Opirationnel Sud - C-O Sud (South Operational Centre) to denounce the suspicious death of Michael Kibbe, in February 2001, at the exterior of C-O Sud.
Other activities that have taken place in Montreal earlier this month. On March 2, activists from the CLAC - Convergence des Luttes Anticapitalistes (Anti-Capitalist Convergence) and COBP organized a day of workshops against repression under the theme "Operation Solidarity" at the Comiti Social Centre-Sud. On March 9, the Montreal section of RASH (Red and Anarchists Skinheads) organized a benefit night for COBP at Cafi Chaos with Les Esclaves Salariis (ex-Provos), The Last Rocker and Class Assassins.
In Quebec City the local section of NEFAC (North Eastern Federation of Anarcho-Communists) are organizing a show with Protestars, les Ditraquis and Stiphane Robitaille, to take place at the Ichourie. In Sherbrooke a demonstration is being organized. In the region of Trois-Rivihres, at the Cap-au-Cafi, a show was also organized in support of the International Day Against Police Brutality, last March 9. At the College of Outaouais, there will be a presentation of films about police brutality.
In English Canada, activities are planned in four cities. In Calgary, Alberta, a demonstration against police brutality and harassment is organized by the Calgary Coalition for Social Justice in solidarity with and endorsed by the Alberta Coalition Against Poverty and the Latin American Community Association (LACA). The march will end in front of the Calgary Police Headquarters.
Moreover, we would like to add information available on the web site of LACA, which displeased so much the Calgary police that they threatened to sue them for slander, in particularly concerning the dossier on the case of Juan Melendez, savagely brutalized by the police on August 17, 2000. You can check it out at: In Winnipeg, Manitoba, a popular celebration will be organized, to celebrate the vast diversity of community resources and networks that exist that provide and support sectors of the population that pay the enormous price of realities in the capitalist economy. This event will include free food and animation, putting the accent on what we do instead of limiting ourselves to only to opposing police brutality.
In Toronto, Ontario the Freyheyt Collective from the NEFAC will be distributing leaflets in the working class neighbourhood of Parkdale. The Collective will hand out information on rights in situations of arrest as well as information on the International Day Against Police Brutality from an anarchist perspective on the police.
Finally, in Vancouver, British Columbia, an event on the theme of police harassment and brutality will take place at Black Star Cafe next March 18. Also the BC Latin American Congress will hold a discussion about a case of police violence against two Latino Youngsters in front of their mother. The complainants will attend the meeting. It will be held at 4184 Brant St.
In the United States, two anarchist federations are officially supporting March 15, 2002. The first of these is the Anarchist Black Cross (ABC) Federation, which works in support of prisoners, and which has reprinted the call for an International Day against Police Brutality in English and Spanish on the home page of its web site (
Secondly, there is the North American Federation of Anarcho-Communists (NEFAC), which includes in its ranks member groups and sympathizers in Quebec ( In Boston, NEFACs Sabate Anarchist Collective will be presenting a lecture and discussion evening at the Lucy Parsons Center featuring a former organizer of Boston Copwatch and an activist associated with the Criminal Justice Program.
On March 16, 2002, in Kalamazoo, Michigan, the Southwest Michigan Coalition against Racism and Police Brutality will be staging an event entitled Forum on Racism and New Anti-Terrorist Policies." The group Massachusetts Police Brutality is also planning to organize something to take place around March 15 (
In Cincinnati, the Coalition for a Just Cincinnati, which includes civil rights, worker and religious groups, and which has called for a boycott of the city, has reprinted on its web site the call for an International Day against Police Brutality ( A public meeting will be held on March 16 in the Methodist United Church to discuss the threat of legal proceedings being initiated by the Cincinnati Arts In Moscow, Russia, the group Action Autonome will organize a demo in support of political prisoner Evgeni Novozhilov, who is held in a mental institution under bogus charges.
In France, two events will be held. In Nantes, a gathering against security police violences will take place at Place du Commerce, March 16th in the afternoon. This event is co-sponsored the Fidiration Anarchiste (FA), the Groupe Accueil Service Promotion des Immigri-es (GASPROM), the Libertaires Unitaires Nantes Estuaire (LUNE), and the SCALP (Section Carriment Anti Le In the district of Gard, a collective which supports persons brutalized and charged during the G8 Summit in Genoa, Italy, in July 2001, is organizing an action. They will circulate information, stimulate debate, and ask questions about what happened in Genoa and of course make themselves known to victims of police violence that they are not alone. Note: the trial for the people charged in Genoa will begin shortly.
Other activities are also scheduled in Bern, Switzerland. In London, England, the support group for prisoners and victims of police violence, Miscarriages of Justice UK (MOJUK) is also joining forces for the International Day Against Police Brutality. (Web site: SOUTH AMERICA
In Buenos Aires, Argentina, several artists' collectives and human rights groups will organize different actions against police brutality. In Colombia, a big demonstration and a show, specifically focusing on the repression of indigenous peoples, will be held on March 16th. In Brazil, there will be an event to discuss police brutality, which will include debates and a photo exhibit.
In New Zealand, a Maori benefit concert for Steven Wallace was held at the University of Victoria in Wellington on March 7th. Steven Wallace was shot four times and killed by constable Abbot on April 30th 2000, the police preventing bystanders from coming to his aid as he was bleeding to death on the sidewalk. The internal police investigation cleared the murdering cop of any wrongdoing and a private complaint filed by Steven's father was rejected by the court on February 22nd 2002. For more information, visit the web site

@_date: 2002-03-12 01:30:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Busy bleeder day in hirstory. 
537 -- Goths lay siege to Rome.
1811 -- England: Luddites attack machines designed to replace them in the weaving of wool. As part of their strike, Luddites riot, protesting capitalism by smashing machines that dehumanise them -- 63 frames broken up at Arnold near Nottingham.
1845 -- New Zealand: Maori uprising against British rule. Today Ngapuhi attack & take Kororareka (now Russell) township, Bay of Islands. Approx 50 deaths altogether. British settlers flee to Auckland. The Maoris realized that the white settlers were increasing at a fast rate, & several violent Maori uprisings occurred between 1845 & 1848, & between 1860 & 1872. These uprisings are known as the New Zealand Wars.
1858 -- India: During the Great Indian Indian Mutiny (also known as the Sepoy Rebellion, sepoys being the native soldiers), the battle of Lucknow rages, Mar. 9-16.
1892 -- France: Ravachol takes retribution for the Clichy defendants, bombing the homes of the presiding judge (Mar. 11, 1892) & the prosecutor (Mar. 27, 1892). Police in Clichy had attacked a six-man anarchist labor rally. The workers defended themselves with guns & ended up behind bars with long terms of hard labor.
1907 -- Bulgarian Premier Nicolas Petkov is slain by an anarchist.
1921 -- Russia: The paper Izvestia n09 of the Provisional Revolutionary Committee of the Sailors, Workers & Soldiers of Kronstadt, notes:alt: " We sent out a call to all the workers of Russia to fight for freely elected Soviets. Our cry was heard. Already, the revolutionary sailors, workers & soldiers of Petrograd are coming to lend us a strong hand." The text of Voline's Unknown Revolution is online in French, including his chapter "Cronstadt (1921)",
1953 -- US: Nice Catch?: An American B-47 accidentally drops a nuclear bomb on South Carolina, the bomb doesn't go off due to 6 safety catches.
1958 -- USA: H-Bomb falls on Mars Bluff, South Carolina; the nuclear device does not detonate, but does leave a crater 35 feet deep. Didn't they just do this a couple years ago?
1973 -- US: FBI agent fatally shot at occupation of Wounded Knee by Oglala Sioux where the formation of independent Oglala Sioux Nation is proclaimed at Wounded Knee, South Dakota.
1986 -- Spain: During fights with the cops, steelworkers in Reinosa surround the Guardia Civil, beat them up, strip them naked, & march them out of town.
1988 -- US: Beginning of 10 days of direct actions at Nevada Test Site which result in over 2,200 arrests, the largest number of arrests at a political protest outside Washington, D.C. in U.S. history. The event is almost completely ignored by mainstream media.
1991 -- US: In LA a citizen videotapes Officer Friendlies beating the crap out of other citizens.
2001 -- Mexixo: Over 100,000 greet Zapatistas at the conclusion of their 15-day trek to Mexico City in demand for indigenous rights.

@_date: 2002-03-11 12:36:28
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Technology critics 
"...Q: Many market-libertarians either ignore or whitewash the horrors of the Industrial Revolution. That's rather amusing, as the circumstances surrounding industrialization in England, where many thousands of people were driven off the land their families had lived on for centuries, would hardly seem to fulfill anyone's ideals of freedom. From across the political spectrum, what types of apologias or evasions have you encountered for the horrors of industrialism?
A: I know of no serious technology critics among market-libertarians. Even those who advocate Jeffersonian small-farmer ownership. The general feeling of even those who are aware of the ugliness of the state in securing industrialism, and the suffering of people (and freedom) therefrom, is that the you-can't-make-an-omelet benefits outweigh the horrors..."
FROM Interview--Kirkpatrick Sale
Kirkpatrick Sale is the author of Rebels Against the Future, a remarkable and extremely readable history of Luddism. If you're looking for an intelligent and sympathetic account of the Luddites, with insightful parallels between their troubled time and our own, look no further.

@_date: 2002-03-11 12:33:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Mahathir has needed killing for years. 
Malaysia's digital ID slow to take off
Pauline Jasudason in Kuala Lumpur
MARCH 11, 2002
THE Malaysian Government touts its new smart ID card with a litany of boastful slogans, like "highly secure", "single card, multiple solutions" and "incredible transformation".
But the vast majority of Malaysia's 23 million people are unaware of the new card  dubbed MyKad  or don't know how it functions.
Take, for example, driving license data stored in the card's microchip. The card is supposed to obviate the need for drivers to carry separate license and identification documents.
Someone needs to tell the cops. Local media have reported policemen fining motorists who whip out a MyKad instead of driver's license, because the officers don't have a scanner to read the card.
"This is still the two-year pilot stage," acknowledges Mohamad Ariffin Ismail, director of the Multipurpose Card Project. "We want to help Malaysians leap into the IT age. This card will be the tool."
About 1.2 million MyKads have been issued since the card's September launch. Eventually, they will replace the regular IDs required for all Malaysians once they reach age 12.
The Government expects MyKad to completely replace current IDs in five years.
A 32-kilobyte microchip embedded in the MyKad holds the name, address, ID number, digital thumb print and photograph of the owner, as well as driving licence data and passport information.
Officials say it will eventually contain medical information, facilitate e-cash transactions and enable users to conduct secure internet transactions.
The card contains open data  like the details on regular IDs  and restricted data that cannot be accessed without thumbprint verification.
Mr Mohamad takes pride in this south-east Asian nation being the first to introduce a multipurpose smart card. He downplays debate in the West that such a card can turn into Big Brother in your pocket.
"There must be a trade-off somewhere, you know, between freedom, and freedom to allow all these guys moving around with bombs," Mr Mohamad said, alluding to terrorist fears. "You want freedom. But, you also want security."

@_date: 2002-03-11 10:51:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: REVOLT IN SAN CRISTOBAL DE LAS CASAS, 
REVOLT IN SAN CRISTOBAL DE LAS CASAS, CHIAPAS, MIXICO ON EVENING OF 7TH MARCH 2002
Large crowds repel police, set police vehicles on fire, and loot supermarket and big shops. A carnival atmosphere prevails as crowds control the streets for over 3 hours. Later police enter area, fire tear gas and make a reported 50 arrests The conflict occurred in the area around the public market, a poor area where many indigenous people live and work, and followed a police operation against sellers of pirated merchandise. On the morning of 8 March police with riot gear cordon off an area around the public market.
This is an incomplete report written a few hours after the events from eye witness reports, and info in the local press and radio. More info hopefully to follow. Feel free to circulate but please remove e mail address.
A major revolt with thousands on the streets engulfed the area around the public market in San Cristobal de Las Casas on the evening of 7 March. Large crowds broke into at least 3 big stores, including a supermarket and department store. In a festive atmosphere men, women and children joyfully carted off large amounts of food, drink, clothes and furniture over a period of over 2 hours. Onlookers, including women with babies, elderly people and children watched with interest, and some shouted advice to the looters about the best route to take to avoid the police.
Two police vehicles were set on fire and burnt in the middle of the street. The crowd repulsed an attempt by the police to enter the area, hurling missiles. A shop was set alight and the fire was still burning at midnight.  From before 7pm till after 10pm thousands were on the streets, and the police seemed to have little or no presence an no control over the situation.
The conflict reportedly started at 6pm after a police operation to arrest sellers of pirated CDs etc.. Local newspaper La Foja reports that a police attempt to enter the area around this time was repulsed by the crowd throwing missiles.
By 7pm a police vehicle was ablaze in the street by the public market, hundreds, if not thousands were in the streets and police were not to be seen. Around 8pm missiles were seen being hurled, and slightly later a line of riot police were formed across the road behind Santo Domingo church.
Around 8pm the crowd began to break into large shops by the market, breaking plate glass windows and tearing off iron grilles on the entrances. Tela de Mexico, Alamanecenes Grandes, and then the supermarket which is opposite the last named, on a side street by the market, were all sacked. Around the same time another fire was burning in the street by the market, reportedly a second police car ablaze.
Large crowds of men, women and children carried off bags and boxes of food and groceries, sacks of rice or beans, bottles of wine and spirits, mattresses, sofas and much more. Eye witnesses reported a joyful and excited atmosphere. There were few vehicles in the area, but taxis and cars that strayed into the area were allowed to pass unhindered.
Around 10.15pm a large fire was seen burning near the market, reportedly a shop. Around 10.- 10.30pm police, some armed and some with riot shields and helmets, entered the area, charged the crowd and made arrests. According to local radio 50 men, women and children were arrested. La Foca paper reports the use of ?an excessive use of force? by the police when making arrests. Police fired tear gas on more than one occasion, and tear gas swept down nearby streets, causing discomfort to inhabitants of houses. Fire fighters entered the area to combat the fires.
By 11.30 pm police appeared to have regained control of the situation, though there were still crowds in the street, the shop continued to burn and there were remnants of a fire in the street. Local radio reports 6 police received hospital treatment. It is not known how many civilians were injured by the police violence.
Reports in the media that some of the crowd applauded the entry of the police into the area were not confirmed by eye witnesses who reported instead mass participation in looting, and many onlookers observing without any worries. The reactions observed to the arrival of the police were either resistance or flight.
At 9am the next morning, 8 March, an area around the public market was cordoned off by police with riot gear who were preventing entry by the public.
More news may follow, and there may be reports on Indymedia Chiapas (this report is not however from Indymedia Chiapas or any organization)
Note San Cristobal de Las Casas in Chiapas, southern Mexico has a population of over 130,000, many of whom live in poverty, many lack basic services such as electricity, piped water and drainage in their houses. A large proportion of the population are indigenous people, the majority Tzotziles, and suffer racist discrimination.
******** ****** The A-Infos News Service ******

@_date: 2002-03-10 22:38:16
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Low intensity warfare. 
Even with the US military machine focused on the Middle East, we
can't afford to forget about the US government's imperialist war in
Colombia. Bush's latest military budget contains $98 million to
specifically support Colombian soldiers protecting the
Cano-Limon pipeline in Colombia that rebels rendered inoperative
throughout most of 2001. More profits for his oil buddies!
Plan Colombia is a good example of the practice of Low Intensity
Warfare and is important for clarifying our understanding of U.S.
foreign policy in conflicted areas around the world. The U.S.
government, in the service of an international capitalist system,
seeks to send one message to the entire world, best exemplified in
the acronym TINA: "There Is No Alternative".
No alternative, that is, to the current trend of investors and
corporations to dominate the entire planet. They do this under the
guise of a neo-liberal philosophy of "free trade", designed to bring
about the integration and globalization of the world's economy. We
are witnessing the end of an historical epoch dominated by the
power of Nation States and replacing it with the international
Corporate State.
Low Intensity Warfare has a history dating back at least to the Boer
Wars in South Africa, but the U.S. did much to perfect this warfare
in the jungles of Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia during the Vietnam
War. Low Intensity Warfare is a response to guerilla warfare, which
many third world people used in attempts to overthrow colonial
domination by foreign forces.
To be successful, national liberation guerilla fighters first had to win
the hearts and minds of the local people. This is because
insurgency movements, rely on the ability to strike out at the enemy
and then quickly vanish back into the general population.
To gain the confidence of the locals, the insurgents would be active
in local politics and support programs and institutions that would
provide services in areas like health and education or organizing
labor unions. Many guerilla fighters would also work very hard to
educated their neighbors, which spread literacy throughout the third
world. In guerilla warfare the combatants are often described as fish
and the indigenous population are the water in a stream, the fish are
always able to blend in with their natural environment.
Low Intensity Warfare seeks to dry up the stream.
Counter-insurgency often consists of the U.S. and other first world
governments supplying large quantities of arms, training and money
to the military forces of countries like Nicaragua, El Salvador,
Guatemala and now Colombia, under the cover of defending the
government and "democracy" from rebel forces. These
governments and military forces are only looking after the interests
of the very small sector of the population who control the wealth and
The US likes to maintain dictatorial governments who might be
brutal to their people but supply US companies with cheap labor and
other favors. If the guerrillas release themselves from this colonial
arrangement, the American corporations could lose huge profits.
Low Intensity Warfare defends the interests of the ruling classes
and capitalist institutions of these countries.
Counter insurgents do not seek to actually combat the armed
insurgents; their war targets the bases of support in the civilian
population. Thus, in the Nicaraguan conflict, the Contra army rarely
engaged the Sandinista army. Their targets were the collective
farms, the rural school system, the medical clinics, the mayors and
politicians, doctors, nurses, teachers, social workers, labor union
organizers or any village or group of people whom the military
intelligence suspected of supporting the Sandinistas.
Frequently this kind of warfare leads to massacres of large
numbers of civilians to terrorize them and prevent them from
supporting the guerrillas. Low Intensity Warfare includes torture and
murder of infants and children in front of their parents, decapitation,
mutilation, burning alive, mass rape of women and children, etc.
Many of the more well-known and brutal slaughters in places like
Nicaragua, El Salvador and Guatemala were carried out by military
forces trained in the United States in the arts of torture, murder and
During the Nicaraguan conflict the CIA was caught mining a harbor.
The captured U.S. agents carried some manuals written for the
Contra army and its civilian death squads by the U.S. military.
These manuals instructed the U.S. supported terrorists on how to
select, target, and assassinate perceived supporters of the
Sandinista government.
Reports of slaughters and massacres of civilian populations by
military forces supplied, trained and supported with U.S. taxpayers'
money has embarrassed the U.S. military and government. A
convenient way to avoid this kind of embarrassment is to hire
mercenaries to carry out Low Intensity Warfare. U.S. taxpayers'
money is spent to arm and finance death squads and foreign militias
who oppose their ruling government which also is uncooperative
with the U.S. government. This allows for the appearance that the
U.S. military is not directly involved in civilian massacres.
It is important to remember that Low Intensity Warfare is not really
aimed at a military victory against its opponents. While the rebel
forces fighting in Columbia may not fit the profile of a Liberation
Army they do pose an alternative to the consolidation of the power
and wealth of the worlds power elite under the programs of
neoliberalism and Globalization. What the Low Intensity Warfare of
Plan Colombia seeks is to bring the civilian and indigenous
populations to their knees and force them to accept capitalism's
final solution, globalization of the world economy and the
dictatorship of the corporate state.
This capitalist dictatorship will be shrouded in what amounts to a
military "democracy". This form of democracy is like the U.S., where
the rich and powerful control the political parties and superstructure
with their wealth and power. This control guarantees the outcome
elections and insures that their interests will dominate the
government agenda.
In the client states, however, the military and the death squads are
always not far in the background in the event some real alternative
might come to power either through elections or by other means.
Even the U.S. uses these tactics with government programs like
COINTELPRO, which results in military actions against students,
infiltration and subversion of groups like the Black Panthers and
assassination of their leaders.
In Chile the U.S. sponsored the overthrow of the freely elected
government of Salvador Allende. Britain's Prime Minister Margaret
Thatcher, referred to this military coup and the massacres that
accompanied the ascension to power of the Pinochet dictatorship
as "the re-establishment of democracy in Chile."
The message behind the Plan Colombia and Low Intensity Warfare
to the Colombian people is "There Is NO Alternative," TINA. No
alternative to the poverty, no alternative to military democracy, no
alternative to death squads, no alternative but submission to the
needs of global capitalism; the World Bank, the IMF and the World
Trade Organization. You must serve these interests and the
interests of the Corporate State, allow them to steal your countries
natural resources, destroy its environment, do their bidding and
work as good wage slaves for less than subsistence wages. You will
submit to the destruction of your culture, and allow yourself to be
indoctrinated by the mass media into being a mindless consumer,
happy to be forever entertained, passive and submissive, keeping
your mouth shut and voting when told to. You will forget any notions
you may have about the state having any responsibility for the
welfare of those it governs. You will do all this or you and your
family, will never live a day of your lives free of fear and in peace.
THERE IS NO ALTERNATIVE TO PLAN COLOMBIA!
Or perhaps there is, but that depends on what the world's exploited
and impoverished people, its wage slaves, students, you and I, and
others decide to do to resist TINA, the culture of the Spectacle and
the capitalist state.
FROM Regeneration  January/February 2002: Plan Colombia and the Art of "Low Intensity" Warfare

@_date: 2002-03-10 13:57:55
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: US "illegal","Terrorist" 
...in 1986, Nicaragua took the US to the International Court of Justice to sue for damages. The court ruled the US action illegal, describing it as terrorist and awarding $16 billion in compensation to be paid by the US to Nicaragua. Predictably, not a cent was ever seen by Nicaragua. The US completely ignored the ruling, saying the court didnt have jurisdiction on the matter. On November 12, 1978, the Sandinista government then introduced a resolution in the UN General Assembly stating the Need for US compliance with the ruling by the International Court of Justice concerning military and paramilitary activities against Nicaragua. The resolution was adopted 94 votes to 2, the US and Israel against. Ronald Reagan, when asked about the resolution against his policies in Nicaragua, calmly replied, It didnt interrupt my breakfast. This money would have been enough to completely lift Nicaragua out of debt and poverty. Even today, the $16 billion could pay-off Nicaraguas debt three times over. Unfazed, the Sandinistas persisted and introduced another resolution in the General Assembly, attempting and succeeding in shaming the US internationally. It urged  an end to the US trade embargo on Nicaragua. Again, 94 countries voted for the resolution, two against, the USA and Israel. FROM
See also

@_date: 2002-03-10 08:55:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Who is Chompsky 
When the lunar right is mainstream I guess some think Chomp is rad,lets look a little closer.(Thanks zerzen)
(START)Noam Chomsky is probably the most well-known American anarchist, somewhat curious given the fact that he is a liberal-leftist politically, and downright reactionary in his academic specialty, linguistic theory. Chomsky is also, by all accounts, a generous, sincere, tireless activist -- which does not, unfortunately, ensure his thinking has liberatory value.
Reading through his many books and interviews, one looks in vain for the anarchist, or for any thorough critique. When asked point-blank, "Are governments inherently bad?" his reply (28 January 1988) is no. He is critical of government policies, not government itself, motivated by his "duty as a citizen." The constant refrain in his work is a plea for democracy: "real democracy," "real participation," "active involvement," and the like.
His goal is for "a significant degree of democratization," not the replacement of political rule by a condition of no rule called anarchy. Hardly surprising, then, that his personal practice consists of reformist, issues-oriented efforts like symbolic tax resistance and ACLU membership. Instead of a critique of capital, its forms, dynamics, etc., Chomsky calls (1992) for "social control over investment. That's a social revolution." What a ridiculous assertion.
His focus, almost exclusively, has been on U.S. foreign policy, a narrowness that would exert a conservative influence even for a radical thinker. If urging increased involvement in politics goes against the potentially subversive tide toward less and less involvement, Chomsky's emphasis on statecraft itself gravitates toward acceptance of states. And completely ignoring key areas (such as nature and women, to mention only two), makes him less relevant still.
In terms of inter-government relations, the specifics are likewise disappointing. A principle interest here is the Middle East, and we see anything but an anarchist or anti-authoritarian analysis. He has consistently argued (in books like The Fateful Triangle, 1983) for a two-state solution to the Palestinian question. A characteristic formulation: "Israel within its internationally recognized borders would be accorded the rights of any state in the international system, no more, no less." Such positions fit right into the electoral racket and all it legitimizes. Along these lines, he singled out (Voices of Dissent, 1992) the centrist Salvadoran politician Ruben Zamora when asked who he most Chomsky has long complained that the present system and its lap- dog media have done their best, despite his many books in print, to marginalize and suppress his perspective. More than a little ironic, then, that he has done his best to contribute to the much greater marginalization of the anarchist perspective. He has figured in countless ads and testimonials for the likes of The Nation, In These Times, and Z Magazine, but has never mentioned Anarchy, Fifth Estate, or other anti-authoritarian publications. Uncritically championing the liberal-left media while totally ignoring our own media can hardly be an accident or and oversight. In fact, I exchanged a couple of letters with him in 1982 over this very point (copies available from me). He gave a rather pro-left, non-sequitur response and has gone right on keeping his public back turned against any anarchist point of view.
Chomsky's newest book of interviews, Class Warfare, is promoted in the liberal-left media as "accessible new thinking on the Republican Revolution." It supposedly provides the answers to such questions as "Why, as a supporter of anarchist ideals, he is in favor of strengthening the federal government." The real answer, painfully obvious, is that he is not an anarchist at all.
MORE AT

@_date: 2002-03-10 08:46:36
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "War by assassination."Reinventing the wheel. 
FROM War by Assassination
John Filiss
The capacity for warfare is both the ultimate justification and great curse
of the state. And the problem of both war and the state is, sadly, one of
the deepest tragedies of the human condition.
The following is one possible solution to the problem.
War as it has been played out throughout so much of history and into the
present day accepts a basic authoritarian assumption that quite possibly
accounts for almost the entire horror of warfare. That assumption is that a
nation's leadership, and by implication the individuals who are
instrumental in enacting a state of war, should be immune from the fray.
The idea that warfare should consist of a clashing of arms between soldiers
and often the populations of the afflicted countries is accepted without
question, when in truth the first front of warfare should be against the
perpetrators of war themselves...its leaders, architects, and profiteers.
If Nation A declares war on Nation B, then the most astute response on the
part of the population of Nation B is to target the leadership of Nation A,
given their initiative in creating a state of war. Not only is this the
most direct and least tragic solution, it is hard to imagine a better
deterrent to war than the knowledge that those who perpetrate it will be
targeted in proportion to their culpability.
The rub in the above example is that while the above actions on the part of
Nation B may be the wisest for the general population, they are not
necessarily the best solution for the heads of state of Nation B, since
Nation A will likely retaliate by trying to target the Nation B leadership
as well. Thus a certain "king's agreement" of mutual protection, one where
the leadership is not directly targeted, has reigned through so much of
history. Exceptions in the modern world are mostly confined to the
conclusions of full-scale wars, where one country is largely at the mercy
of the other and hence not deemed a threat in its ability to respond in
kind 1; or in cases where a nation's government is already inculcated in
activities that could be perceived as evoking an assassination threat
against a nation's head of state, hence abrogating the king's agreement.
It is important to note, I think, that I am using the term "king's
agreement" to describe not so much a conscious awareness of the mechanism
described, but a feature of conditioning by authority that applies to all
of us in accepting the status quo of war.
What is fascinating is that, while we more or less accept the true nature
of war, it is not the image that is usually sold to us in the West as
justification. What both the government and the media commonly do is focus
upon particular personalities, usually the active or titular head of the
opposing nation, as malefactor and cause for the current aggression. There
is often a backdrop of a hostile governing elite, e.g., Taliban, Politburo,
etc., that is painted in to complete the picture, but animosity towards
entire populations is a relatively minor theme, at least in the West. 2
The media and government don't focus on leadership personalities primarily
as an exercise in deception, but in response to what is ultimately a
humanitarian impulse, even for themselves. Few people really want to focus
on mass slaughter of the enemy population as the goal of warfare...rather,
they want a limited number of specific culprits who can be blamed for the
animosity. Unfortunately, even the best-intentioned modes of contemporary
warfare fail to show the same extreme prejudice in choice of targets. I
think we can do better. A system of war by assassination effectively rips
the facade off of war in that you are actually fighting the perceived
enemy, and not those under the enemy's rule.
One of the most important features of war by assassination is its
portability to the needs of stateless and even cashless societies. The
issue of war by hostile states has been perhaps the hardest conundrum for
primitive societies, as well as proposed anarchist societies. 3 While not
necessarily a panacea for all the problems these societies might face on
this front, it is far more credible an approach in facing off against the
state than using conventional warfare, and much more appealing than
guerilla warfare. A more decentralized society may even have a slight
advantage in implementing this against a state, as the latter is relatively
more dependent on a particular leadership.
What might a system of war by assassination look like?
7       For most nations, it would involve some kind of bounty system,
usually involving the payout of very large sums of money (although still
small relative to the costs of traditional modes of warfare). The sums of
money would have to be substantive to warrant the effort...they should in
fact be representative of the value of that individual's death to the
paying nation. Moreover, there should be ransoms of varying amounts placed
on multiple key individuals within the target government or terrorist
organization. Not only can this potentially cut a broad swathe through the
target's leadership, which will often be necessary anyway, but it
considerably increases the likelihood that any private mercenary efforts
can recoup capital investments and, naturally, be well rewarded for the
considerable risk of their undertaking.
7       In cashless societies, the reward may involve goods like land, or
such intangibles as being a national hero and the gratitude of the peoples
rescued from the horrors of invasion. While this may sound ineffectual in
comparison with the cash bounty system described above, cashless societies
are generally far smaller in population and land area than are societies
utilizing some form of cash. Hence, they tend to be much less valuable to
an aggressor nation. 7     4 This reduced value can balance out their
reduced capacity to generate a thorough and effective response. And of
course, idealism and the desire to effectively protect ones homeland for
invasion are other relevant factors.
7       The existence of special forces to implement assassination policies
as needed. These forces can be either governmental or private or both.
Private mercenary groups that would implement specific assassination
policies can be funded as necessary by speculators.
7       A guarantee of safe haven for individuals who implement
assassination policies. This can involve disappearance via identity changes
similar to those performed by the United State's Witness Protection
Program, and relocation to parts of the country or the world that would
afford them minimum risk of exposure.
7       In the event of death while successfully implementing assassination
policies, allowance should be made for the bounty to be paid to the
assassin's family or designated beneficiaries.
It is not the author's intent to emphasize a particular approach to warfare
as an adjunct to conventional warfare or warfare by any other means, but to
elucidate a method that effectively targets the individuals concerned with
creating war, thus giving them a powerful incentive to avoid war, including
war assassination, altogether. In upping the ante by making the act of war
more personal for those involved in its initiation and maintenance, it
makes the use of diplomacy and a more considered foreign policy far more
appealing to a country's leadership. At its best, the acceptance of war by
assassination is a powerful check on the growth and depredations of
governments. At its worst, it is a sometimes useful tool to avoiding the
needless deaths of innocents, i.e., "collateral damage," when nations clash.
1. And even these instances usually involve some form of trial, e.g., those
at Nuremburg following WWII.
2. It is, however, much more common in wars with a religious or ethnic
basis, i.e., where the differences between cultures can't be credibly
ascribed to a particular leadership. Conflicts of this nature may be more
resistant to resolution by an assassination approach, but the open adoption
of this method as a valid means of warfare does gives the leadership a
powerful incentive to forestall the breakout of hostilities.
3. To give but one example, in The Machinery of Freedom, anarcho-capitalist
David Friedman titles the relevant chapter "National Defense: The Hard
Problem" to denote the very real difficulties the issue of war poses for an
anarchist society, and writes "I would not try to abolish that last vestige
of government" should his proposals for defending an anarchist society
against a hostile state be inadequate.
4. However, this safeguard can be overridden if any particularly valuable
resource is found on the land of a primitive society that does not wish to
capitalize on it, or in any small society occupying an area that attains a
crucial strategic importance to much greater powers.

@_date: 2002-03-10 08:18:40
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Declan to be fingerprinted? 
The Honorable Richard M. Daley
121 N. LaSalle St.
Chicago, IL 60602
March 4, 2002
Dear Mr. Daley:
It is with great concern that the Chicago Headline Club, the local professional chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists, learned of the Chicago Police Department's decision to change regulations governing press credentials.
The department plans to enforce a city code provision (Chapter 4-328 of the Municipal Code of the City of Chicago) that has been on the books for decades but never has been enforced. Had the Headline Club known of the code's existence, we would have asked for a review immediately. We do so now.
After conducting research and consulting with our attorney, Jon A. Duncan, the Headline Club has a series of concerns:
1) In other jurisdictions, most recently Omaha, Neb., in November 2001, police dropped plans to fingerprint reporters for background checks. The department decided that doing so amounted to "licensing of the news media," according to the Reporters' Committee for the Freedom of the Press. Background checks are not mentioned in the Chicago ordinance, but Police News Affairs personnel have told Headline Club officials that such checks would be "likely," with the possibility that credentials could be denied. We question the constitutionality of such undertakings.
2) Fingerprinting and possible background checks constitute a possible invasion of privacy.
3) We are neither employees nor contractors of the government, but act independently to report and critique the government for the public's benefit. The regulations could have a chilling effect on our work.
4) The ordinance is clearly dated. It makes no mention of television, cable or online journalism. It instead allows for "news-reel" photographers, a breed extinct for at least 40 years.
5) The ordinance makes no provision for part-time or freelance journalists.
While the Headline Club supports the idea of accrediting the media, we question the City of Chicago's right to determine who is a journalist.
We support the broadest possible access for those who are employed full or We urge you to table the Police Department's plans until this ordinance is revised. We believe that the Superintendent of Police lacks the legal authority to unilaterally establish rules and procedures for the issuance of media credentials. We ask you to appoint a five-member "advisory committee on news credentials" as outlined by Section 040. The ordinance states that this committee shall consist of three media representatives, one each from radio, newspapers and press associations (We believe television and online news organizations should be included as well). The ordinance also states that rules and procedures regarding press credentials must be proposed by the committee -- of which the Superintendent is only one member. The committee should review the ordinance and determine how it can be enforced in ways acceptable both to journalism organizations and to the Chicago Police Department.
We urge you to act quickly because current press credentials are due to expire in March. We would appreciate the chance to sit down with you, or your designated representatives, at your earliest convenience to discuss our concerns.
Christine Tatum
President, Chicago Headline Club
FROM Declans probably not worth printing but a cavity search with a red hot poker could be a good idea.

@_date: 2002-03-10 02:53:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "DIADROMI ELEFTHERIAS" ("ROUTE FOR FREEDOM"). 
Ersteller: anarchy Regarding the monthly anarchist newspaper "DIADROMI ELEFTHERIAS" ("ROUTE FOR FREEDOM"). It s usual in every new publication to have an editorial explaining the reasons of that effort. The questions are many! WHY ANOTHER ANARCHIST NEWSPAPER? WHY NOW? HOW? WHICH ARE THE ASPIRATIONS? The answers are also many and multi-form! Answers which, sometimes, start from an "underground" -others call it "inner"- feeling for apology or with an obvious intention for a "political" thesis while, in other times, include extensive analysis trying to give explanations. Now, we, the circle of editors, could just say that that s the way we like it and we don t have to give any explanations to anybody! Simple and easy answer!! It also includes a characteristic bully tone -which we fancy a lot- and some might like and others might not. Anyway, without feeling that a new publication puts those who participate in it in a -constant or temporary- state of "bewildered" or "mechanic" explanations, we believe however that some things must be said. First of all, during this period of time, it is a fact that thereisn t a single anarchist newspaper to be distributed in all the Greek territory. This has as a result to make more difficult the contact with anarchist views and practice and to have insufficient information about the social "action" of all companions, and in general of people who act or want to take initiatives in other areas. The "DIADROMI ELEFTHERIAS" makes the attempt to contribute to that direction, baring in mind the (positive and negative) experience from similar publications during the 80 s and the 90 s. An attempt like that is part of a "wider" but also "narrower" route. Some carry with us and share the experience of publishing by groups or individuals. This experience we wish to combine all together with the enthusiasm and the will of all companions united with a large dose of "companionship". We don t start from scratch and we don t pretend to learn everything now. However, we do have a lot to learn as well as to contribute -as much as we can- to the expansion of anarchist views and practice. The participation of groups and individuals in the circle of editors of the "DIADROMI ELEFTHERIAS" doesn t mean that the groups will be abolished or merged into it nor that the individuals will vanish inside a wider collectivity. In this circle of editors we don t function by majority but by the mutually acceptable concepts and views and of course by the anarchist consent. Our target is to contribute to the creation of other anarchist groups which will take action in every place within the Greek territory. We wish the continuation of other publications by anarchist collectivities and their expansion. We don t antagonize publications which already exist and we will not transform the "DIADROMI ELEFTHERIAS" into a battlefield between groups and individuals. In the contrary we will mainly try to make known and enhance the views and practice which we consider that may contribute essentially to the social and individual liberation from the bonds of whatever form of power. The contribution of each one of us separately and all together in the information, analysis and making known of the social facts and conditions through the pages of the "DIADROMI ELEFTHERIAS" doesn t intend to make it into an organ of "expression" of a certain ideology. Such intentions and cumulative logic as it has already been proven can lead to the castrating of the expression of different views and practices by companions. Without wanting to enter into political proceedings and ideological analysis, we must say that we wish that this publication will be a route to freedom, a contribution to facing the rulers who attack nowadays all humanity fiercely. It is obvious to everyone that the more and more "upgraded" attack causes bigger and bigger harm on earth and humanity, while the expansion of their obscurantist plans, enforces the intensification of the oppression and exploitation of the people. Last but not least, we wish to say that this periodic publishing is a responsibility that can be based on the assiduity, the enthusiasm, the creativity and the constant effort of the companions but requires apart from us (the circle of editors) the solidarity and support with texts, information, comics, photographs, collaborations but also requires financial support. We wish and can transform the joy of creativity into destruction of the enemies of freedom. The circle of editors of the monthly anarchist newspaper "DIADROMI ELEFTHERIAS" ("ROUTE FOR FREEDOM"). 22-01-2002 Note: No1 is available (only Greek language) since March 1, 2002 diadromi gr FREE NIKOS MAZIOTIS!

@_date: 2002-03-09 22:56:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchists who once did great things. 
"People who once did great things can do them again," Marcus Garvey.
On this day...1939 -- Spain: In Madrid, the anarchist Cipriano Mera,
heading the IV army corps, routs the communist troops
which besieged the national Council of Defense.
1979 -- US: Supreme Court issues temporary restraining order
prohibiting publication by "The Progressive" of an article on
H-bomb secrecy.
Sam Day was managing editor of The Progressive
when it printed "The H-Bomb Secret: How We Got It,
Why We're Telling It." The US government tried to halt its
publication, which ultimately resulted in a victory for free
speech advocates & journalists.
Day, a Korean vet, went to prison innumerable times for
his advocacy of international peace, & in 2000 wrote in
an article published in newspapers across the country on
Memorial Day weekend that,
"if it is right to honor those
who served in the cause of war,
then it is equally right to honor
those who served in the cause
of resistance to war."
A very nice tribute page at:
 From the Daily Bleed of course.

@_date: 2002-03-09 03:38:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: New dirty war in Argentina. 
Shit Happens Last Thursday about 500 people gathered on the steps of the Argentinan Congress building in Buenos Aires and began throwing carrier bags of their own shit, which they had painstakingly saved for days against the steps of Congress shouting such inspiring slogans as, "Put the shit where it belongs." and "Senators and members of congress - today we shit on you for a change". As a comment on Indymedia Argentina said, "Shit isn't just any object - it's related to whether we eat or starve. What really disgusts us is the government, members of congress and all those who think we will continue to eat shit."

@_date: 2002-03-09 03:34:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Inside SchNEWS 
Inside SchNEWS Emily Apple, a die-hard anti-capitalist non-stop direct action activist is being sentenced at Snaresbrook Crown Court next Wednesday (13). Emily and a friend handcuffed themselves to a docklands light railway train during protests against the Defence Systems Exhibition International last September (see SchNEWS 322) The 'exhibition' was Europes' biggest arms fair, catering for dictators and oppressive regimes throughout the world, selling landmines hawkjets, cluster bombs, rocket launchers, anti-ballistic missiles, you name it. The action stopped delegates on the train - literally in their tracks - from reaching the place. Her friend has been acquitted but Emily was convicted and now faces up to two years in prison, with the judge during the trail declaring that 'Society needs a break' from Emily. People are meeting for a breakfast with her in the park in the grounds of the court on: Wednesday March 13th Snaresbrook Crown Court, 75 Hollybush Hill, E11 (nearest tube Snaresbrook) at 9am. Tel 07789 528 043 * Also at the infamous arms fair a WOMBLE (those with the white overalls, padding and helmets) who was acting as a medic, was found not guilty of "using threatening words and behaviour" after he was nicked for the crime of trying to help someone who had been assaulted by the cops. The case provides an important precedent as the judge didn't accept the cops' claims that people wearing padding and white suits were there to be violent (unlike the non-violent people down the road busy selling weapons to each other) He also clearly sided with the defence after asking if he'd been wearing anything to identify him as a medic. Will a hat with a massive red-cross on it do?

@_date: 2002-03-09 03:31:27
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: WAKE UP! WAKE UP! IT'S YER OILY RAG 
WAKE UP! WAKE UP! IT'S YER OILY RAG
Published in Brighton by Justice? - Brighton's Direct Action collective
ISSUE 345, March 8th, 2002
"If they are moving toward a violent solution, encouraging the military
toward violence, then they are playing with fire. The business sector
continues to criticise us. So why don't they do something to help this
country, like bringing back the $120 billion they keep in banks
- Tarek William Saab, Head of Venezuela's Foreign Policy Committee.
Three years ago Chavez was elected president of the fourth largest oil
producer in the world. On a tide of public support he won with the
biggest majority in four decades. The population of Venezuela were eager
for drastic change. They wanted a government that would rid them of
corruption and redirect the country's oil wealth from the pockets of
multinationals and towards the poor of Venezuela. In Venezuela 80 per
cent of a population of 24 million live in poverty.
Chavez set about changing the Constitution. Out went the prescribed
Washington model of elections and political parties, and in came a
participatory democracy with an emphasis on popular assemblies, social
movements and continuous referendums. As a result Venezuela's new
constitution now includes guarantees for indigenous, and women's rights,
free healthcare and education up to university level.
To reduce corruption Chavez restructured the courts and the legal system.
In a country where the prisons are amongst the most dilapidated and
dangerous in the world he met with prisoners and convinced them to hand
over their weapons while promising to look at the prison conditions and
the injustices of their sentences.
He also introduced two new laws that have brought him to the edge of his
demise and the country to the brink of a right-wing coup. Firstly, he
increased the tax paid on oil exports from 16 to 30 per cent and passed a
new energy law that requires 51 per cent government participation in all
oil ventures.
Secondly he introduced a land reform bill. The bill makes it possible for
the government to take land that has remained unproductive for 2 years
and re-distribute it to the poor. Within the law there is a provision
that extends credit to any private farmer who wants to make his land
productive rather than lose it. The bill is broad and does not
differentiate between farm, private and church land.
These two laws have prompted small but powerful sections from the unions,
middle class, rich, media, high ranking military officers and the
Catholic Church inside Venezuela to call for Chavez's resignation. In the
words of investigative journalist Greg Palast "the Church says the meek
will inherit the earth, but not while they are alive."
The right-wing opposition are using tactics similar to those used to oust
Salvador Allende in Chile during the early 1970s. The rich are being used
to create a feeling of chaos and paint a picture of Chavez as the
'dictator'. The military will then be encouraged to mount a coup
seemingly for the sake of the country.
NO MORE MR NICE GUY
Criticisms of Chavez's reforms outside of Venezuela have come from
financial institutions, governments, and the CIA. The IMF is even willing
to bankroll an interim government according to James Petras, professor at
the State University of New York. He believes the IMF and other financial
institutions are creating an economic crisis to oust Chavez. He says,
"There is no economic crisis. The economic problems facing Chavez have
always been there; they are problems that Chavez inherited. Venezuela is
an oil rich country that pays its debts and follows IMF guidelines etc."
George Tenent, head of the CIA and Colin Powell, US Secretary of State
have both been critical of Chavez. They claim that he is undercutting
American foreign policy by opposing US counter-narcotics aid to Colombia,
providing oil to Cuba and giving political support to guerrillas and
anti-government forces in neighbouring Colombia.
While Chavez has a long history of 'irritating' the US by attacking its
foreign policy he has been careful not to allow himself to become
involved in the civil war in Colombia. Chavez declared Venezuela neutral
and has helped in the release of hostages from the FARC (Revolutionary
Armed Forces of Colombia) and helped the Colombian government during the
peace talks.
Chavez has a vision for a new world order "Rather than accepting the
imposition of models and economic policies, what we should do is march in
the direction of a system of international relations based on equality
and mutual respect" he says.
Sounds like there's a leader who's not prepared to sell his people up the
river and go along with what neo-liberalism forces on his country, for a
change. When four high ranking army officers called for him to be
overthrown, each one was interviewed by a joint civilian and military
team and released the next day. Imagine if that had happen here or in the
US - the officers would have been charged with treason and thrown in
James Petras, believes that "Chavez is an extremely moderate politician
who is being hammered for not allowing drug-surveillance flights over
Venezuela, being opposed to Plan Colombia (SchNEWS 273) and working with
Perhaps the most important figure in the foreign-sponsored
destabilisation campaign is Alfredo Peqa, the Mayor of Caracas and critic
of Chavez. Peqa has been visiting Washington recently meeting with the
World Bank and the state department and is being groomed to replace
The irony of all this is that the backer of the coming coup, the US, is
under the administration of a president who stole the presidency in a
coup d'etat. According to Greg Palast "No one wants to be in the same
room as President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela these days, much less stand
next to him. He is a dead man walking. It's not so much a case of if he
gets assassinated it's just a matter of when".
For more info on dodgy dealings in Latin and North America visit:
 , SchNEWS recommended read: 'The Best Democracy Money Can Buy' by Greg
Palast published by Pluto Press. 'Exposing the Truth about Globalization,
Corporate Cons and High Finance Fraudsters.'

@_date: 2002-03-09 01:58:21
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Decline and fall of the last empire. 
1906 -- Philippines: US occupation troops attack the stronghold
of an "unruly" band of hill Moros, mowing the stubborn tribespeople
down with a combination of artillery fire & infantry assaults.
All these Moros  men, women &
children  are slaughtered, whereupon
Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader
President Theodore Roosevelt,
congratulates these brave Americans for,
"A brilliant
feat of arms
the honor of
the American
Asked to define the age limit for killing,
General Smith replied, "Everything over ten."
In 1898, philosopher William James & other prominent US
intellectuals formed the Anti-Imperialist League to educate
the public on the horrors of US policy in the Philippines...but
the US destruction & domination of the Philippines continues.
To charges of brutality in the Phillipine war, Beloved &
Respected Comrade Leader Secreatary of
War Elihu Root responded,
"The war in the Phillipines has been
conducted by the American Army with
scrupulous regard for the rules of
civilized warfare...with self-restraint
& with humanity never surpassed."
"The major [accused of killing 11 defenseless Filipinos]
said that General Smith instructed him to kill &
burn, & said that the more he killed &
burned the better pleased he would be;
that it was no time to take prisoners
See the Web page for many links
"We have pacified some thousands of the
islanders & buried them; destroyed
their fields; burned their villages, &
turned their widows & orphans
out-of-doors; furnished heartbreak by
exile to some dozens of disagreeable
patriots; subjugated the remaining ten
millions by Benevolent Assimilation,
which is the pious new name of the
musket; we have acquired property in
the three hundred concubines & other
slaves of our business partner Sultan
of Sulu, & hoisted our protecting flag
over that swag.
& so, by the Providences of God -- &
the phrase is the government's, not
mine -- we are a World Power."
--- Mark Twain (no WildEyedRadical or
murdering anarchist he...)
The war in the Phillipines remains an obscure episode in
American history textbooks, & Manifest Destiny resurfaces
in future years under a variety of more "sophisticated" guises;
following the disasterous Vietnam War, for example, comes a
"New World Order," "WTO," "War on Drugs",
"War on Terrorism," etc.
FROM the Daily Bleed.

@_date: 2002-03-08 03:47:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Shrinkwrapped. 
Victorian police intercept on cs latitude 400 p2.
Bendigo Health Care group.
8th March 2002.
Computer Crime Investigation squad
Victoria Police
412 St Kilda Rd.
Dear sir/madam
RE:Matthew Taylor
DOB 6/1/55
Uknow where.
Matter:Seizure of personal computer.
I write on behalf of matthew taylor in support of his request for return of his personal computer.
We feel that matthew is able to keep himself occupied using his computer and more recently the
activity has been of a therapeutic nature.
We will also ensure that he uses his computer only for beneficial activities.
Yours sincerely
Dr carlyle Perera
(consultant psychiatrist)
Comments:Yeah right!Suffer matty,suffer!

@_date: 2002-03-08 00:41:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Judge says: We are all special objects, and all press 
>>broadcasters from showing illegal acts. Such a requirement, he said, would have prevented the broadcast of "some of the most important moments in American history," including footage of the Bloody Sunday attack on civil rights marchers in Selma, Ala. <<
All fine and dandy however list consensus is that reporters have no special privileges above normal citizen-units and comped scribblers are to despised.The only exception might be for entertainment journalists that can get away with murder.(literally.)
JAMES DALTON BELL did corruptly obstruct and impede and endeavor to obstruct and impede the due administration of the internal revenue laws, among other things, by collecting the names and home addresses of agents and employees of the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") in order to intimidate them in the performance of their official functions; by soliciting others to join in a scheme known as "Assassination Politics" whereby those who killed IRS employees would be rewarded;
A rather savage and tasteless piece of fiction.

@_date: 2002-03-08 00:11:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: {OT} Nov-L: San Diego Tribune: Bail Denied again for Hobart 
>>Can I get a "needs killing" here???
Sure mate,I know we've had our differences but advancing in diversity and
striking in unison requires solidarity,right?
Todd Robinson (and all his scummy buddies)BADLY need killing,PRONTO!
Prohibition 2,bush 2,vietnam 2+3 demand CIVIL WAR 2.
"I'd buy that for a dollar!"
It seems somewhat ridiculous to talk of revolution . . .
But everything else is even more ridiculous, since it
implies accepting the existing order in one way or
 Situationist International  VI, 347

@_date: 2002-03-07 23:45:45
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Sattelite spying on aussi citizens 
Australia's top-secret satellite spy agency has been given sweeping new powers to report on Australians to the Federal Government.
New rules governing the work of the Defence Signals Directorate were quietly introduced during last year's election campaign by the outgoing defence minister, Peter Reith.
The old rules explicitly prohibited the deliberate interception of communications between Australians in Australia - but the new rules, and the legislation under which they are made, do not.
Further, the new rules allow the DSD to report to the Government on Australians if their activities affect national security, foreign relations and even the country's economic wellbeing. Previously, DSD was only allowed to report on Australians where their activities involved threats to a person's safety or involvement in serious crime. MORE
This wont be a huge shock to christopher Boyce I'd imagine...

@_date: 2002-03-07 22:55:49
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: AU collaborators with terrorist colonialist javanese 
Indonesians off to Duntroon in attempt to thaw frosty relations
  Robert Hill ... "Indonesian authorities are well aware of our values." Photo: Paul Harris
By Lindsay Murdoch, Herald Correspondent in Jakarta
The Federal Government has agreed to take significant steps to rebuild military ties with Indonesia since relations between the two countries' armed forces were frozen over East Timor in 1999.
The Defence Minister, Robert Hill, said after two days of high-level talks in Jakarta that the ties would be stepped up but there was no need to move too fast.
Officials from both countries have made it clear that Australia is not considering training elite Indonesian forces as it did in the mid-1990s. The training was stopped over the Indonesian military's human rights record.
Senator Hill announced seven Indonesian officers would be offered places in the Defence Force Academy in Canberra - the first time this has happened.FROM Mega Suckana putrid has stepped up murderous repression in Aceh and west Papua recently.The au govt has bought in shoot to kill orders and is asking for detainment and torture powers.The crony capitalists in both reigons remain on good terms with the last empire.

@_date: 2002-03-07 22:44:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RSA and the Caligulian American Justice System 
The U.S. government has been using RSA Security technology to protect its most sensitive information for nearly 20 years. Whether they are using RSA SecurID. strong two-factor authentication solutions, RSA BSAFE. encryption technology, RSA ClearTrust. unified privilege management solution, or RSA Keon. digital certificate management systems, U.S. government organizations rely on The Most Trusted Name in e-Security every day. Some of these organizations include:
 > The Office of the President of the United States
 > Every Cabinet Department, including Agriculture, Commerce, Defense, Education, Energy, Health & Human Services, Housing & Urban Development, Interior, Justice, Labor, State, Transportation, Treasury, and Veterans  > Many Independent Federal Agencies and Commissions
 > The United States House of Representatives
 > The United States Senate
 > The United States Supreme Court
 > The United States Court of Appeals
 > The United States Federal Courts
Add the new jersey police,the chinese Govt and the SEC to round out the picture;dont forget to
read this "The Caligulian American Justice System--U.N. Intervention is Necessary "at
How low do you have to stoop to work for RSA?

@_date: 2002-03-07 22:33:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Police Torturer assassinated 
Terror group assistant can remain for now
A man who claimed to have gathered intelligence for an alleged terrorist organisation which resulted in the murder of a policeman will be allowed to remain in Australia for the time being.
The High Court yesterday found 3-2 in favour of Darjit Singh after the Immigration Minister, Philip Ruddock, contested a Federal Court decision that had found the Administrative Appeals Tribunal erred in law in saying Mr Singh had no right to apply to be accepted as a refugee in that it appeared he had committed a "serious non-political crime". Mr Singh's case will go back to the tribunal for reconsideration.
Mr Singh admits to having worked for the Khalistan Liberation Force.
He said he fled India because the police were arresting members of the group, which wants establishment of an independent Sikh state. He has been on a bridging visa since entering Australia in 1996.
Justice Murray Gleeson found in his part of the judgement that Mr Singh said he joined the group in 1984 after he claimed his family's business and property were destroyed by "Hindu mobs encouraged by the Indian Government".
He had given the group information about the movements of a police officer who had tortured one of its members. The group subsequently killed the officer.
Justice Ian Callinan found it could be concluded Mr Singh was at least an accessory to the murder of the policeman.
A spokesman for Mr Ruddock said
the tribunal's decision could "go either way".
Andrew Clennell FROM

@_date: 2002-03-07 22:31:13
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RSA assisted criminal regime kidnaps aussies. 
One for the petrie dish to ponder...
Falun Gong Australians held in China
Four Australian members of the Falun Gong spiritual movement have been arrested in Beijing's Tiananmen Square, the organisation said yesterday.
The four Melburnians were arrested about 1pm Sydney time after staging a peaceful protest in the square, said a Falun Gong spokeswoman, Kati Vereshaka.
She said they were part of a party of six from Melbourne and that she feared for their safety.
Ms Vereshaka said the protesters briefly raised a banner before plainclothes and uniformed police wrested it from them and bundled them into a van.
The protest took place directly in front of a famous portrait of Mao Zedong which marks the spot where he declared the People's Republic..
It was also just 200 metres away from the annual session of the National People's Congress. FROM

@_date: 2002-03-07 20:55:49
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Russia 1921.Counterrevolutionary criminal Trotsky at 
1921 -- Russia: Specially selected forces of the Red Army
(commanded by Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader Field
Marshal Leon Trotsky) opens fire on the forts of Kronstadt.
Trotsky: "One can't make an omelette
without breaking eggs"
Voline: "I see the broken eggs now
where's this omelette of yours?"
A number of articles on the Russian Revolution,
As Trotsky orders the artillery bombardment
of Krondstadt, Emma Goldman & Alexander Berkman, feeling
that their last tie to the Bolsheviks has been broken, decide to
leave Russia & alert the world to what they have witnessed.
Berkman writes The Bolshevik Myth & help Emma with
her book, My Disillusionment in Russia (1923).

@_date: 2002-03-07 19:37:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: SCUM LIKE KISSINGER SEE CHINA AS THE PERFECT MODEL FOR THE 
And SCUM like RSA trade with them.FUCK YOU PETER TREI,GO DIE! The petrie dish might want to review the company he is keeping lately.SEE Kissinger Says China Not a Communist Country (english)
by Jim Burns CNSNews.com Senior Staff Writer 6:09am Thu Mar 7 '02 (Modified on 10:19am Thu Mar 7 '02)
SUPPORTING THE TALIBAN, SIGNING AN ECONOMIC SUPPORT PACKAGE WITH THEM, EXECUTING POLITICAL DISSIDENTS AND SELLING THEIR ORGANS, EXECUTING CHRISTIANS, STATE RUN MEDIA - SCUM LIKE KISSINGER SEE CHINA AS THE PERFECT MODEL FOR THE GLOBAL ORDER
Washington (CNSNews.com) - Commemorating the 30th anniversary of the Shanghai communique that called for a betterment of relations between the United States and China, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger said Tuesday he doesn't consider China a communist nation.
"I don't think China is a communist country in the sense of Soviet communism," said Kissinger. "It has institutions that we consider different and in many ways incompatible with our notions of domestic institutions. But it also clear, that the China 10 years from now, after the huge changes which it has already undergone will be far different from the China of today."
The former secretary of state also warned against conflicts between the U.S. and China, saying the two nations "have nothing to gain by confrontation with each other. History did not say that there will be only one superpower forever in the world. And the United States cannot have its mission the prevention of any other country from gaining some of the attributes we now have," he said.
Citing differences between the two countries that could complement each other globally, Kissinger said, "The world's most populous country and the world's most technologically advanced country should not be in avoidable conflict and they should seek to find ways to solve problems jointly."
His remarks at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. also included praise for President Bush's handling of U.S. - China relations, and a pronouncement that diplomatic relations between the two countries have improved since Richard Nixon's historic visit of 1972.Theres more if you have a strong stomach.

@_date: 2002-03-07 19:27:00
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Psyops: Every Barbie doll is more harmful than an American 
>>if all you get to hear is Bush & govt. spokescreatures you get the idea that all USans think Iran is a totalitarian anti-women anti-semitic " totalitarian anti-women anti-semitic dictatorship" Mmm.The Bushit coup seem to fall into this catergory,if only someone would invent a system where a relativly small group,practising security culture could simply remove a few support structures for these warlike regimes.
  "Surrounded by Moslem maniacs on one side and Christian maniacs on the other, the wise Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."

@_date: 2002-03-07 18:18:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Dennis Kaufman needs killing 
>>Amnesty quotes Dennis Kaufman, President of Stun Tech Inc,
a US manufacturer of stun belts as saying: "Electricity speaks
every language known to man. No translation necessary.
Everybody is afraid of electricity, and rightfully so." <<
US top torture device US top torture device maker

@_date: 2002-03-07 05:02:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Sorge,Philby and Hanssen.Simply the best. 
>>I like the way Vise clearly lays out in the appendix the incredible secrets that were not only available to Hanssen but ones that he sold to the Russians. <<
FROM Wonder if Vlads considering a strategic leak at this stage.
Best Yet!, February 1, 2002
Reviewer: Stuart J. Lazarov (see more about me) from Memphis, Tn USA
David Vise does an amazing job of keeping the reader turning the pages on this one! The Author puts you right into the mind of the most damaging spy in US history, and into his bedroom as well! The book reads like a classic fiction spy novel with twists and turns that keep the reader intrigued. I found the parallel story of Louis Freeh, the then FBI director, as well as deep insights into the KGB, and concurrent FBI initiatives over the 20 year story truley fasinating. The book contains actual letters, photos, and an excellent synopsis of what top secret security items were lost by the United States. I don't think people really understand the magnitude of what Hanssen gave away! Of all the spy novels I've read lately, fiction and non fiction, this is the Best Yet!

@_date: 2002-03-07 04:31:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Putin link to state terror? 
We will provoke you to acts of terror and then crush you.  Gen. Zubatov, head of Russian Czarist secret police, circa 1905 It should be obvious to anyone, even sane people who don't waste their time on conspiracy theories, that there's a lot more to any government's war on terrorism than they want to let on officially. Countless well-documented cases throughout history show governments either completely manufacturing and faking terrorist acts, or knowingly allowing them to take place in order to further their own plans. This was the case with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor, which by most accounts President Roosevelt knew of weeks beforehand, but allowed to go on in order to shock the American public into accepting an unpopular war and repressive measures at home, including the dispossession and internment of Japanese immigrants. And a few years earlier, the Nazi Party in Germany had come to power by staging the burning of the Reichstag (Parliament) building, which they blamed on Communists and used as an excuse to declare a military government. Just a few examples should suffice to show a pattern throughout recent history. 1886, Chicago: During the labor movement's campaign for an 8-hour day, police shot 6 workers at a rally in Haymarket Square. A protest rally was called for the next day, and someonewitnesses claimed it was a police provocateurthrew a dynamite bomb at the police. Police responded by shooting into the crowd, injuring hundreds, raiding and detaining without warrants all the known leaders of the movement, and eventually sentencing 8 anarchists to death for the bomb. 1910, Los Angeles: The city fathers were nervous about a successful union organizing campaign and a mayor's race where a Socialist candidate looked ready to win. With the help of the newly formed Red Squad, business leaders were able to pull victory out of defeat with the use of a bomb explosion in the L.A. Times offices. While there was no evidence that this was anything other than a police provocation, two union leaders were indited for the blast and it was used as an excuse to break up any kind of organized working-class power throughout the city and pass new repressive laws against radicals. 1969, Italy: an ongoing campaign of bombs by Italian fascists was repeatedly blamed on leftists (much the way the Oklahoma City bombing was first blamed on Arabs). The most well-known, at the Piazza Fontana in Milan, was initially blamed on anarchists, and one anarchist was thrown out of a window during interrogation, before evidence came to light implicating the Italian intelligence (SID) and the CIA. 1972, San Diego: an agent working for LAPD's Criminal Conspiracy Section leaked a story to the underground press about a police plan to set off bombs inside the Republican Convention, which would justify a crackdown on the coalition of anti-war, black power, and other groups protesting outside the convention, and possibly even cancel the 1972 elections, leaving Nixon in control and his war effort unchallenged. This plan never took place, probably due to the leak beforehand, but two men mentioned as being involvedboth CIAlater came to light as the 'burglars' at the Watergate Hotel in Washington. Now its useless to be too conpiracy-minded in our thinking. No one wants to be the nutcase spending his whole life looking for the smoking gun in JFK's assassination, while meanwhile the CIA and all their people are doing crazier and crazier things all the time. Most likely, there will never be any conclusive proof as to what really happened on September 11th, and its pointless to waste all our time looking for it. But knowing that this sort of thing has happened before (and many times before), I don't think it makes any sense whatsoever to accept the Bush clique's account of what happened at face value. Maybe the plot was hatched by al-Qaida, but somehow the CIA or Mossad knew about and encouraged it. Even if not, even if the CIA had no idea what was happening, the blame still falls sqarely on them: for training and supporting fundamentalists in Afghanistan since 1978, for supporting and working with bin Laden up till maybe 10 years ago, and for aiding the Taliban all the way up till 2 or 3 years ago. Not to mention for creating the warzone conditions throughout the world that lead people to see Americans as legitimate targets.
Shrubs mate Putin the putrid is prime suspect in Moscow Apartment bombings that were blamed on Chechen's.

@_date: 2002-03-07 04:26:23
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: OBITUARY: HAMBA KAHLE WILSTAR CHOONGO 
OBITUARY: HAMBA KAHLE WILSTAR CHOONGO! THE international anarchist movement will be saddened at the belated news of the death of Wilstar Choongo, founder of the Anarchist & Workers' Solidarity Movement (AWSM) of Zambia. A self-taught anarchist activist, Wilstar first came to the attention of the movement in 1996 through his lone battle to improve the salaries of employees at the University of Zambia (UNZA) where he worked as a librarian

@_date: 2002-03-07 04:16:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Chicago 7 book review.THE CHICAGO CONSPIRACY TRIAL By John 
THE CHICAGO CONSPIRACY TRIAL By John Schultz, New Introduction by Carl Oglesby, Da Capo Press New York 1993 Edition, First Published 1972 ISBN 0-306-80513-8 The police reaction to several thousand anti-war protesters at the Democratic Parties National convention in Chicago in August 1968 was a turning point in the history of the American anti-war movement. The Chicago police9s brutal response to the peaceful demonstrators, turned the anti-war movement from a generally peaceful movement to one which rapidly launched an all out attack on "the system". The Chicago conspiracy trial was turned into courtroom theatre by the eight defendants who had been charged with "conspiracy to cause violence and violation of the new federal anti-riot statute". A statute which was passed just before the Democratic convention to arrest and bring to trial prominent members of the emerging new left movement. Richard Nixon and Edgar J Hoover played significant behind the scene roles in this little travesty of justice. John Schultz9s account of the Chicago Eight trial highlights the absurdity of the charges and the behaviour of the courts. He guides the reader through the trial, trying to recreate the climate within the court room. His account is lucid, sharp even entertaining. Very little escapes his eye. I found chapter three especially interesting. Bobby Seale head of the Black Panthers and one of the Chicago eight understood that this trail was no joke. His experiences as a black militant in America prepared him for the bruising encounters that the defendants had with the United States legal system. Hoffman the judge attempted to maintain order by escalating the tension within the court. At one stage Bobby Seale was bound and gagged in the court room and sentenced to four years jail for numerous counts of contempt. The book gives an insight into the jury9s thinking and most importantly of all highlights the political nature of the trial. While Nixon and Kissinger bombed the shit out of Cambodia and Vietnam they conducted a war on protestors in the United States by singling out the anti-war movements leaders and placing them on trial. Their actions made a mockery of the government, law and legal system. The Chicago Conspiracy Trial by John Schultz opens the lid on the United States government stock in trade half-truths and lies. This book could be languishing in the remainder section of your local radical bookshop. Buy it, read it and save it from a life of anonymity.

@_date: 2002-03-07 04:05:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: How would an anarchist society deal with a major schism? 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER Q. How would an anarchist society deal with a major schism? A. Nothing tests a society more than a major schism within that community. Civil war is often the result of unresolved differences within a community. Anarchist communities are no different to any other community, they can face the problem of a major schism. Although mechanisms exist within an anarchist society which allow majorities and minorities that have differences that are encompassed within the principles of association of that society to resolve them, problems arise when the principles of association are under threat. How this threat is handled will determine whether the community will disintegrate or not. If there is disagreement about the principals of association, mechanisms will exist within these principles which will allow a dialogue to occur about the principles. If no agreement can be reached about these basic principles processes need to be put in motion which will allow both the minority and majority to function under different principles. Property and institutions will need to be divided according to the numbers on each side. Problems will arise if one group attempts to use force to force the other group to adhere to principles they don9t believe in. The situation is analogous to the fate of Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia. In one case the country peacefully divided into the Czech and Slovak republic while in Yugoslavia they underwent a very painful civil war that left a legacy of death and destruction. The difference revolved around the use of force. One side used force in an attempt to artificially keep the Yugoslavian republic together while the other side came to an agreement about how to separate when they realised no agreement was possible on the principles of association that bound the Nation State together. The best way for an anarchist community to avoid schisms about its principles of association (equal access to wealth and power) is by making sure that the mechanisms which have been established to ensure that these principles are applied work effectively. If they work it is unlikely significant segments of the community will want to revert back to a situation where inequalities in power and wealth are the norm not the exception.

@_date: 2002-03-07 03:41:30
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Film a fed building, get deported 
>>Last week in San Jose someone was dressing like a cop and stealing illegals' wallets; the San Jose police said they would not turn in illegals who reported crimes to them, they just wanted to catch the imposter.<<
Shades of "Miami Blues!" How long before the fake homeland defence officers start scamming?
 >>We look forward to the SF prankster-citizens putting on sheep masks and filming (with or without tape in their props) taxpayers' buildings. <<
I look forward to Declan taking a wrong photo somewhere and being shot as a "It seems somewhat ridiculous to talk of revolution . . .
But everything else is even more ridiculous, since it
implies accepting the existing order in one way or

@_date: 2002-03-07 03:32:16
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "...wild orgasm of an anarchists sweeping across the country 
THE LAND OF THE BRAVE AND FREE It's interesting to note that the sentiments expressed by Richard Nixon in the first six months of the 1972 (The Age 2/3) (contained in the tapes just released from the White House) that if the anti-war Movement was not destroyed, he envisaged "a wild orgasm of an anarchists sweeping across the country like a prairie fire". If by some chance that prairie fire had burnt across the United States, the United States would not be the death loving culture it is today. People, who still believe that the United States is the land of freedom and opportunity, only have to examine the facts to see that the myth still outshines the reality. At any one time, the United States has around 1.5% of its citizens in jail, mainly blacks and latinos. The gap between the rich and the poor is the widest in the western world. The United State's government, through the activities of its armed forces and the C.I.A, has been responsible for more coups and deaths in the world, than any other government over the past three decades. The United States holds the largest supply of weapons of mass destruction in the world including chemical, biological, as well as nuclear weapons. It's people are so disillusioned with the political process that only 33% of registered voters, vote for the Congress and Senate and only about 45% of registered voters, vote for the President. The politics of hate and segregation still play a pivotal role in United States life. The economic dream is manipulated by a corporate sector that continues to strive to create profits, irrespective of the human, social and environmental costs. The United States executes more of its citizens than any other country other than China. The United States government acts as if the rest of the world exists for the benefit of the United States. If Richard Nixon's nightmare about anarchism had become a reality, its probable that September the 11th and its aftermath would never have happened. Thirty years on, the names in this story may have changed, but the tactics of the Presidency and the United States Senate and Congress have not.

@_date: 2002-03-07 03:10:36
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: McDonalds workers need Anarchy. 
>From Glasgow McDonalds Workers Resistance PO Box 3828
Monthly Bulletin, February 2002
Dear friends,
Unremarkably, we did nothing over Christmas and new
year except got pissed, constantly. Nevertheless, we
do have a few bits of news to report.
The comically overdue website is now online at:
It's not very good, but it's there! So please visit
us. Also, if you're going to be kind enough to link to
us, then please link to  as the hosting
is temporary but that address will be permanent.
We were cut from a BBC documentary on fast food
because we were apparently too politically contentious
for a show being produced by Tim Henman's wife. We
were really pissed off about this 'cos we'd bought
loads of balaclavas especially. In the end, our
ambiguous relationship with the mass media has
continued, bizarrely, with an interview in March's
'Loaded' magazine, the editor apparently said there
was room for a few more tits... So we're sandwiched
between Carmen Electra and Helena Christensen, etc.
Buy it, really! It's only  and you get advice on
cunnilingus and a free sachet of conditioner...
Seriously, we don't think there is much point talking
to ourselves, we want to communicate with our
co-workers, which is our justification for doing an
interview with a not very nice low quality wank mag.
Solidarity to our comrades in Paris: since the 24th
October the workers at the Strasbourg-St.Denis branch
of McDonald's in Paris have been on strike for the
reinstatement of five of their colleagues, who were
accused of theft by the management (who have not
provided any evidence for their claim). It was
obviously a coincidence that the five workers sacked
were candidates for the 'elections professionnelles',
a kind of works council. The management ignored the
strikers at first which quickly made clear to the
strikers and their support committee that the movement
had to be expanded. For this reason the strikers and
the committee have been regularly picketing a
different McDonald's branch since November. These
actions have made it possible to come to a list of
demands: for a 6% wage increase; better working
conditions; bonuses for 'dirty work'; recognition of
the right to strike and the right for trade union
organisation... This has broadened out the struggle
and inceased the consciousness of the employees, to
show that the fight is not only against the management
[of one branch], but against employment without
protection and workers' rights [i.e. against 'McJobs']
The five young workers who were sacked won a tribunal
case against McDonald's on 25th January and the court
said they have to be given their jobs back. However
the fight is not over and there was a massive demo in
Paris on 2nd February. Email the strikers at:
soutien_macdo and see
We should also introduce our new friends the
'McDonalds International Liberation Front' to whom we
send our solidarity, even though they do insist on
describing us as "pussy white boys". We've let them
rant on our web site at:
 and they can be
e-mailed at: milf_panther
Solidarity to our friends the Workers Resistance
against McDonalds, they got caught by McDonalds for
their activities at the end of last year. What got
them was that folk knew about their internet
abilities, so unlikely to be a problem for us!
McDonalds quizzed all the staff in their area about
who was competent on computers. Scary people. Still,
their struggle goes on, indeed it's flourishing, they
have contacts in several stores. They've changed the
location of their website, it's now at:
MWR's group in Stirling (also in Scotland) is
thriving, they can be e-mailed at:
Special thanks to everyone who has done or is doing
translation work for us, it's greatly apreciated.
Finally, we have to note that senior management failed
to send us a Christmas card this year despite us
having sent them this lovely effort last year (see:
  )
  This is a clear snub and is really just plain
ignorant. Fucking parasites.
Hope everyone had a good Christmas and new year,
Love and solidarity,
McDonalds Workers Resistance.
Stop Press:  New group up and running in Wales!
If you want to know the difference between the work of
today and the activity that represents our future, then
today work for McDonalds, and tomorrow take up cooking
as a hobby.
[Excerpt from their web page: Links to people we like a bit...
          The IWA is an international group of
          anarcho-syndicalists. Unlike many trade unions, this
          organisation is not hierarchical and is controlled by
          the ordinary workers. Members of the IWA have
          been a great help to MWR. Visit their web site!
          Another organisation that has helped us is the
          legendary Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) or
          Wobblies. One big union for all the workers in all the
          industries all over the world! Like the IWA, IWW
          campaigns are controlled by the workers, not by
          another set of bosses.
          McJobs are part of a general trend of employment
          where jobs are more temporary, less secure and
          workers are less well trained. In the building
          industry this leads to an increase in accidents.
          Casualisation Kills! Simon Jones was killed on his
          first day at work on a building site. People like
          Simon Jones get killed at work all the time and little
          gets said about it, but the Simon Jones Memorial
          Campaign decided to kick up shit. Here's how they
          did it.
          Fight Poverty Pay Campaign, sounds pretty relevant
          doesn't it? Visit their web site for more.
          Restaurant guy
          McDonalds is a really shit job but can it be worse
          than working in a call center? These folk get
          clocked out if they go for a piss. But they are also
          organising, check out the web site at
          CCCCCCCCCCCCCC
          One week your wanting a few pence more an hour
          and to get the managers off your back, before you
          know it you're worried about all sorts of things:
          peasants displaced from their land by cattle
          ranching in Brazil, the conditions dairy cows live in,
          rainforest depletion and climate change... There are
          tens of thousands of campaigns like ours going on
          all over the world, and we've all got a common
          enemy- capitalism. Many of these diverse struggles
          are linked together by a network called Peoples'
          Global Action (PGA)
          Want to read some of the stuff the papers don't tell
          you? Check out a-infos and independent media

@_date: 2002-03-07 02:52:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Viva La Pretzleista's,VIVA! 
Tonight Twin Cities activists are awaiting the release of two individuals arrested this afternoon during a protest in downtown Minneapolis against Illegitimate President Bush. Approximately 200 protestors gathered outside of the Radisson Hotel on Tenth Street South and Marquette Avenue at 4:45 PM to voice a myriad of complaints against Bush, the "War" on terrorism and subsequent infringements on civil liberties as the Installed President schmoozed with local Republicans to raise funds for Senate hopeful Norm Coleman. Demonstrators from a wide variety of groups including the National Lawyer's Guild, the United Steelworkers of America and the Minnesota Anti-War Committee held banners and shouted chants for nearly two hours from the west sidewalk of Marquette Avenue. A mysterious group calling itself the Pretzeltistas distributed (low fat) pretzels to the crowd and threw them into the street and possibly at police officers. At least fifteen members of the Minneapolis Police Department in uniform were also present, as well as one man some demonstrators believed to be an undercover The arrested activists, identified by comrades only as "Sir Bakesalot" and "Puddle," were arrested after the Prezeltistas ignored an order by MPD officers to cease the pretzel throwing. Numerous eyewitnesses confirmed that around 5:20 PM four or five MPD officers shoved and kicked their way into the crowd and grabbed "Puddle" first. The woman was dragged from the arms of those around her, thrown against a wall and arrested in a scene one onlooker described as being "like a mosh pit." "Sir Bakesalot" was arrested a moment later.
"The cops came running in here, pushing people aside, and they go after one person who happens to have a jar of fucking pretzels" said one eyewitness who declined to be identified. "They threw her up against the wall, and they pushed everybody else away who was trying to hold her back and then they took her and another person away and arrested them" said the witness. Several witnesses insisted that neither Sir Bakesalot nor Puddle resisted "Apparently they have very little sense of irony" speculated Steve Young, a University of Minnesota graduate student who saw the incident occur. Anonymous Pretzeltistas later admitted to the IMC that they, not the Pretzel 2, were responsible for hitting police with pretzels.
Caroline S. Palmer, a member of the National Lawyer's Guild said that her group was there to show the "President" and state lawmakers that the public was aware of and angry about infringements on civil liberties through legislation like the USA PATRIOT Act and the Minnesota Anti-Terrorism Act of 2002. "People are here today because they're sick of seeing their rights taken apart" said Palmer, adding that anyone interested in civil liberties could learn more at "I'm here to stick up for my rights, " said Bridget MacDonald, a retired school teacher and Sister of Saint Joseph. "I'm here for democracy. I don't think Mr. Bush understands the erosion of democracy that's happened in this county. He only listens to the rich, the corporate oligarchy. He needs to listen to the people on the street."
Shortly before six o' clock approximately 40 protesters split off from the main demonstration and headed for the Hennepin County jail to demonstrate in solidarity with the pair immediately dubbed as "the Pretzel Two." With black banners flying in the early evening breeze, the faction marched through the street without police permission up Marquette Avenue to Fifth Street, then up Third Avenue to Fourth Street without a major police appearance. As the demonstration turned south on Fourth Avenue, a police car backed through a clump of demonstrators crossing the street legally as another officer directed traffic with his club drawn. Police did not threaten the illicit marchers with arrest until demonstrators voluntarily claimed the sidewalk on Fourth Avenue.
The marchers then waited outside the Hennepin County jail and sent a representative, who asked to be identified only as "Maude," who inquired as to the status of the Pretzel Two. Officer WR Wilen told Maude that the Pretzel Two were being booked and would remain in police custody for at least four hours. The last of the demonstrators dispersed by 7:30 PM. A posting on the IMC newswire claims that the Pretzel Two should be released by 10 or 11 PM tonight.

@_date: 2002-03-07 02:13:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: When an anarchist is forced to shut his mouth then all are in 
When even one American - who has done nothing wrong - is forced by fear to shut his mind and close his mouth, then all Americans are in peril.Harry I won't claim to know JDB well any more, it has been a long time since we attended MIT together. I haven't seen him in several years, and don't know what sort of person he has become. But I do know this: no matter what he may or may not have done, nobody should be sent to prison without a trial in this country. Sadly, it has become all too common. But read for yourself, and judge.
"Assassination Politics" By James D Bell - the essay that started the whole The Netly News' report on the James D Bell case
The Oregonian's report on the James D Bell case
The Federal Government's Reply to "Assasination Politics"
Vin Suprinowicz's last report on JDB
Wired story detailing Jim Bell's newest runin with the feds after his release
found on cypherpunks around the time of his release

@_date: 2002-03-07 01:43:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Asshole from El Paso. 
Mexican troops defend their country's abolitionist constitution, & defeat
foreign (US) slaveholders in San Antonio, Texass. Remember the Alamo?
"We don't have no luggage in El Paso
We don't go to PornoPicture shows
We don't swap our wives with our neighbors
And we keep our kids away from Mexico
And I'm proud to be an Asshole from El Paso
Place where sweet young virgins are deflowered
We walk down the street knee-deep in tacos (ta-ta-ta-tacos)
And the WetBacks still get 20 cents an hour
We don't wipe our asses on Old Glory
god and LoneStar beer are things we trust
We keep our women virgins till they're married
So holes in sheep is good enuf for us.
And I'm proud to be an Asshole from El Paso
Place where sweet young virgins are deflowered
We walk down the street knee-deep in tacos
And the WetBacks still get 20 cents an hour."
 Kinky Friedman & the Texass Jewboys (sung to the tune of "Okie From

@_date: 2002-03-05 22:55:51
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "Vive the social Revolution! Long Live anarchy! Long Live 
From the Daily Bleed.
1886 -- France: In Paris, the 27 year old anarchist Charles Gallo tosses a
bottle of hydrocyanic acid into the Stock Exchange.
The bottle does not explode, but spreads a bad stink & sets off a panic.
Gallo then draws a revolver & randomly fires five shots without hitting
anyone. Arrested & hauled to court for sentencing on June 26, 1886, his
attitude creates a sensation: Gallo insists on making fun of the law, &
shouts to the jury, "Vive the social Revolution! Long Live anarchy! Long
Live dynamite!"
Cited, Ephimiride Anarchiste, & also, Tim had this drilled into him at school.
1770 -- US: Boston Massacre. Tri-racial American revolutionist Crispus
Attucks is America's first black hero (despite evidence he may not have
been black at all, but rather, a Natick Indian) when he joins a mob
attacking a British peace-keeping force & is shot (the first American
killed in the revolution) during the ensuing melee. In all, five die &
another six injured.
Its said Tims fear and loathing of blacks and gun obsessions stem from
jealous sightings of black kids dicks round this time.He was also probably
recruited by the CIA.
Anniversary of an unmourned death.
His thick fingers are fat like worms,
And his words certain as pound weights.
His cockroach whiskers laugh,
And the tops of his boots glisten.
And all around his rabble of thick-skinned leaders,
He plays through services of half-people.
Some whistle, some meow, some snivel,
He alone merely caterwauls and prods.
Like horseshoes he forges decree after decree 
Some get it in the forehead, some in the brow,
some in the groin, and some in the eye.
Whatever the execution  it's a raspberry to him
And his Georgian chest is broad.
No,not you Mongo,uncle joe,jamesd's old mate.
1978 -- China: A new constitution stressing economic development over
revolutionary ideology is adopted.
Lucky for the petrie dish.

@_date: 2002-03-05 16:51:56
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: US Sponsored APster. 
US pays Afghan warriors $384 a month
By Rory McCarthy in Zurmad
Afghan soldiers involved in the campaign against Taliban and al-Qaeda fighters in the mountains of eastern Afghanistan are being trained and paid $US200 ($384) a month by American troops, it has emerged.
One senior Afghan commander said at least 2000 al-Qaeda fighters, including Arabs, Chechens and Pakistanis, were holed up with Taliban soldiers in an underground base at Shahi-Khot, near here.
Planning for the attack began at least a month ago when 600 local Afghan men, many of them unemployed, were recruited into a new military force and trained by US troops.
Each recruit is being paid in cash by the American soldiers. In addition, every man was given a $US50 gift for the Muslim festival of Eid last month.
Khail Mohammad, 22, said he joined the force a month ago, attracted by the money and the promise of proper military training. He was immediately given American-made clothes and boots and a Kalashnikov rifle.
"We are given $US200 a month. They didn't give the money to our commanders but straight to us," said Mr Mohammad. The average monthly wage in Afghanistan is closer to $US40.
For three weeks Mr Mohammad and other recruits were given basic military training, which included guard duty, how to surround an enemy and elementary first aid.
They then received four days of intensive weapons training. Each man was offered lessons in one weapon: Kalashnikov assault rifles, rocket-propelled grenades or machine guns.
Following the weapons training they began a four-day exercise to prepare for the attack on Shahi-Khot. On the fifth day, Saturday, the attack began.
Afghan soldiers just back from the battlefield said the al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters who shot down the US helicopters fear nothing and will defend their positions to the last man.
"They didn't tell us about their courage or manner. But what we saw from fighting them, they fear nothing, not aircraft or bombs. Though we have these things, they do not fear them," said Khial Mahmad.
Mr Mahmad said his fighters ran into withering fire.
"Sometimes when we confront our enemies, we either advance or retrace our steps. We have been forced back. They control the top of the mountains, which is why we need the American helicopters and bombers," he said.
"We were informed that aircraft had softened up the area, reducing the risk, and we were supposed to just search and explore. But when we got there, our enemies were very much alive, with guns in their hands."
Afghan Commander Sultan Mahmad said helicopters were ideal for attacking the rebels because they could manoeuvre and target the tiny cave entrances.
Much of the area around Zurmad is still regarded as sympathetic to the A Canadian journalist was badly hurt on Monday when she was travelling
with two other journalists and an Afghan driver. A man in a car approaching from the opposite direction fired a gun or threw a grenade vehicle.
"She was seriously injured but her vital signs are normal," said Shah Atef, an emergency room nurse at Gardez

@_date: 2002-03-05 06:20:46
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Malleus Maleficarum of PSYCHIATRIC FASCISM 
PSYCHIATRIC FASCISM
For almost 150 years, psychiatry has been masquerading as a medical science and as a branch of medicine. It is not and never was a science or a type of health care. Modern psychiatry is driven by unproved empirical assumptions, medical biases, and pseudo-scientific opinions. There are no scientifically established, independently proven facts in psychiatry. Psychiatry, in fact, has no laws or testable hypotheses and no coherent and comprehensive theory. Psychiatry conspicuously lacks scientific proof or evidence to support its news-media-parroted claims of "mental illness" or "disorders".
After about seventy years of psychiatric practices and research, there is still no diagnostic test for schizophrenia or any of the other three hundred so-called mental disorders listed in the current edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM), which is essentially a list of class-driven moral judgements of allegedly abnormal behaviour, published and propagandized by the American Psychiatric Association. The DSM is the official bible of organized psychiatry. The DSM is the equivalent of the Malleus Maleficarum in the middle ages, which Spanish inquisitors used to identify, target, stigmatize and burn witches and heretics.MORE...

@_date: 2002-03-05 05:04:36
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The Police: A bunch of organized criminals at the service of 
The Police: A bunch of organized and legalized
criminals at the service of capitalism and the state.
Police are constantly a part of our lives. In the
urban centers of our region, it is normal to cross a
patrol car every two minutes. We are no longer
surprised or alerted when we see police officers. On
the contrary, we are surprised when they are absent!
Police are everywhere and justice is nowhere to be
found; the forces of "law and order" reinforce a
regime which seeks to crush and criminalize the poor
and the powerless when they protest their class
Stealing food from a supermarket is "illegal" because
it protests the commodification of food supply and
distribution rackets. Acting politically in a direct
and autonomous fashion is "anti-democratic" and
"illegal", since "legal" politics are strictly
reserved to politicians and lobbyists. Police prevent
demonstrations which question the social peace of our
rulers from taking place, claiming them to be
"illegal" assemblies. The police break-up picket lines
of "illegal" strikers to let "legal" scabs pass
through. Police evict people from their homes and
squatters from their squats in the name of a "legal"
notice emitted by real estate owners... It's no
coincidence that it's often one class of people who
end up in "illegality" and a whole other class of
people who end up in "legality". While the police
protect the privileges of the powerful, the decision
makers, the rulers, the rich and the owners... it
tries to prevent the rest of us from struggling,
organizing and even sometimes from satifying our most
basic needs.
But, on top of maintaining the chains of capitalism
and the State on us, the police often take pleasure in
squeezing them, increasing their tension until our
bones break and our blood flows. Police beat, torture,
brutalize and kill. This year, on March 15th 2002, we
will walk and protest in solidarity with Carlo
Guliani, an anarchist, 23, killed last July in an
anti-globalization demonstration in Genoa, Italy. We
will be with Timothy Thomas, a young black man, 19,
who was shot by police last April, becoming the 15th
black victim of police murder in Cincinnati in the
last 5 years. We stand with Abner Louima, victim of
one of the worst cases of police brutality in New York
City's history. Our solidarity will also be extended
to the insurgents of Argentina, Bolivia and elsewhere,
particularly to the martyrs of the uprisings. Even
more, we would like to emphasize our support of all
the anonymous victims of the forces of the State.
People who while having faced acts of brutality, often
find themselves isolated in their legal struggle
against the police to regain their dignity and some
sense of justice. It is extremely important to let
these people know that they shouldn't be disempowered
by acts of police brutaility against them and that we
are right in being outraged!
We salute the work of groups like the Collective
Opposed to Police Brutality (COPB) from Montreal, who
actively support victims of police brutality. On top
of guiding them through the legal process, COPB brings
friendly solidarity and tries to demonstrate that a
larger, collective struggle is possible against this
form of oppression. They teach us all the precious
lesson that in face of repression, solidarity is our
strongest weapon! We believe that it is by organizing
and struggling with people who have been closely
touched by the police plague, these people who often
share our rage against authority, that we will be able
to build a mass revolutionary movement that will trace
extreme manifestations of authority to it's source:
the domination of one class over another, the rule of
the rich and the rulers over the poor and ruled. We
call on all revolutionary anarchists and all the
supporters of anti-authoratarian revolution, on all
the victims of police brutality and all the people who
can no longer stomach this system of injustice to
participate in the 6th International Day of Police
Brutality. Like in the last six years, this day is as
important as ever. The culture of resistance to the
police is growing! This day is truly international, in
past years, March 15th demonstrations have been held
in Colombia, Chile, Switzerland, Chattanooga Tennessee
etc. This year, our organization, the Northeastern
Federation of Anarcho-Communists (NEFAC) has agreed to
join COPB locally in Montreal to help mobilize for the
March 15th demonstration. Events around IDAPB will
also be held in different cities of our region.
In Montreal: Demonstration called by COPB. Friday
March 15th. Berri Square. 5p.m. Contact:
In Quebec city: March 15th Cultural event. Contact
In Toronto: March 15th. Mass flyering in the
working-class (and police occupied) neighborhood of
Parkdale. Contact the Freyheyt Collective at
In Boston:  Educationnal. Lucy Parsons Center. Contact
: sabate36
Police injustice will no longer be tolerated!
Our struggle has no borders, it's the struggle of our
class thoughout the world!
For Anarchy and Communism!
Northeastern Federation of Anarcho-Communists (NEFAC)
*For more information on International Day Against
Police Brutality. Visit the COPB website at

@_date: 2002-03-05 04:29:40
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Petrie Dish. 
reprocessing location, with 100,000 migrant workers employed breaking up obsolete computers.
"The operations involve men, women and children toiling under primitive conditions, often unaware of the health and environmental hazards involved in operations that include open burning of plastics and wires, riverbank acid works to extract gold, and burning of toxic soldered circuit boards," the report says.
"Already the pollution has become so devastating that well water is no longer drinkable."
The report says Australia and Europe are signatories to the Basel Convention on hazardous waste, but the US is not.
US legislation allows exports of hazardous wastes, provided they are recycled.
The Australian Government has accused the US of allowing a loophole for "sham" recycling operations that dump most of the waste.
Environment Australia - the government agency that controls waste exports - has not received any applications for the export of technology waste since After dumping incidents in the Philippines in 1993 and in Hong Kong in 1997, Australia had cracked down on technology waste, Greenpeace toxics campaigner Matt Ruchel said.
More info from
  Beijing, China
RSA Security Inc
Suite 623, Office Building 2,
Beijing Bright China Chang An Building,
No 7, Jianguomen Nei Dajie
Dongcheng District, Beijing, China
Postcode: 100005
Tel: + 86-10-65187838
Fax: +86-10-65187837
  Shanghai, China
RSA Security Inc
RM 2401 Shanghai Time Square
93 Middle Huai Hai Road
Shanghai 200021 China
Tel: + 86 21 63910210-3
Fax: + 86 21 63910212

@_date: 2002-03-05 03:55:09
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: dissidents psychiatrist's office burguled. 
Interview with a vampire.
Hi Dave,rember me?You know the vic.plod have taken 9 months to not charge me?
I'd be onto them every day,whose the case officer?
Nic, the dickhead, Conte,he claims under oath to know nothing about computers,a regular sargent
So did you ask them why its taking so long?
Mate everytime I did he handballed it off to the computer dick,McNorton.
Well I cant help you there,we're the feds.
Why have you been sneaking around my psychiatrists office?
We dont comment on ongoing investigations,why do you say its sneaking?
Well,thats what it looks like from here sport.
Well have you been sending any e-mails OS recently.
I dont see that as any of your business.What if I was? Its a free country.
Ah,but yes, it could be our business.
Well if I've sent any naughty or illegal e-mails,shouldnt I be charged?
Have you sent any?
Are you asking me to incriminate myself?
So,while you cant comment on ongoing investigations involving my psychiatrist,you allow me to
infer from your question that its due to e-mails I may have sent?
Look I really cant comment,I suggest you write to the commissioner,383 Latrobe st.
Will you answer questions from the media about this attempt at Soviet era interferance with
I dont respond to threats,look I'm going to hang up now.
Interview ends with David Hall hanging up.His teeth may have snagged the File under Carnivore.
David Hall was with the international posse that seized my jimmy dell last june.He has an active investigation ongoing involving my shrink.Dont make a federal case out it.

@_date: 2002-03-04 19:54:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Dont panic the new yorker. 
The Fate Of The Earth
by Jonathan Schell from When Jonathan Schell heard all that loose talk about attainment of objectives in a limited nuclear war, it was too much for him and he did what all of us would like to do: he wrote a book.
It is very pessimistic. The mere presence of all those weapons is enough to ensure that sometime, somewhere, someone is going to set one off.
Schell makes sure all of us know the horrendous possibilities of a nuclear exchange and all the reasons for bringing such possibilities to a halt.
Everyone agrees. The question is, how do we get these monsters under control?
The World Reduced to Grass and Insects, July 11, 2001
Reviewer: Gavin M Douglas (see more about me) from Lexington, Va United States
This book attempts to conceptualize the idea of a full scale nuclear exchange between the cold war superpowers, since the idea itself is now "unthinkable". To explore this lack of understanding the author first explains in detail the immediate and long lasting effects of full scale nuclear war. Then, he comments on the situation, making a bid for sanity in an insane situation. The author believes that self-destruction and even planetary destruction "is not something that we will pose one day in the future... it is here now" (182). Schell believes that only a fundamental change in the belief system of the people of the entire planet can erase the danger currently hanging over the world.
Two US cities should be nuked,if its good enough for the US to do...find out where Justine lives.

@_date: 2002-03-04 19:47:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: MON. 9:30, NPC: Peace Coalition Sets April 20 March to Stop 
>>It was incorrect when the enemy was the Soviet Union. It is ludicrous when the enemy is the washed up remnants of past centuries. The danger is not that the US might lose, but that it might come to resemble its enemies. Point 4 is good, but it is spoiled by all the rest, in particular points 1, 2, and 6, all of which are demands that we become more like our enemies. <<
Mmm,maybe jamesd could make us up an enemies list.
"For Anarchy to succeed, or simply advance toward its success,it must be conceived not only as a lighthouse that illuminates and attracts,but as something possible and attainable,not in centuries to come,but in a relatively short time,and without relying on miracles." Errico Malatesta.

@_date: 2002-03-01 00:58:07
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Michael Dell's statement about suspicious orders 
>> Michael Dell's statement is a more grievous attack
 > on civil liberties than the original it tries to apologize
 > for.
 >
 > It is inappropriate for a company to engage in the
 > range of considerations for domestic, non-export
 > use of a product Dell outlines unless the company
 > has made those considerations publicly known, and
 > law substantiates the restrictions.
In a free society a person may sell to whom he wishes, or not sell, as
he wishes.<<
Children are being bought and sold as we speak.No ones buying your anarcho-capitalist crap Tim,I thought you noticed that.If you gave 2 shits for a "free society" you and friedman would have been shacked up in Montana for the last 5-6 years.Stop jerking off on this list mate.
 >>Claims about making "considerations publicly known" and "law
substantiates the restrictions" are inconsistent with a free society.<<
Moving to Montana soon,How long oh lord,how long? jya is talking about reality you senile old fool.The only libertarians left here are fuckwits like jamesd and declan.
 >>In a society not based on coercion, Dell is free to not sell to gun
owners and other people they dislike...and we are free to ridicule them,
launch boycotts, and try to drive them out of business.<<
On Earth Tim is free to spout libertarian tripe...we are free to ridicule,boycott and drive him out of the (lame) ideas market.So long Sucker.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able
may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be
properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton<<
The curt saxon of corralitos oils up his barrel for one more onanist effort.
Once more for the Gipper! What a fucking joke Tim Mays become.
more grievous attack
In a free society a person may sell to whom he wishes, or not sell, as
he wishes.<<
Children are being bought and sold as we speak.No ones buying your
anarcho-capitalist crap Tim,I thought you noticed that.If you gave 2
shits for a "free society" you and friedman would have been
shacked up in Montana for the last 5-6 years.Stop jerking off on this
list mate.
"law substantiates the restrictions" are inconsistent with a free
Moving to Montana soon,How long oh lord,how long? jya is talking about
reality you senile old fool.The only libertarians left here are fuckwits
like jamesd and declan.
gun owners and other people they dislike...and we are free to ridicule them,
launch boycotts, and try to drive them out of business.<<
On Earth Tim is free to spout libertarian tripe...we are free to
ridicule,boycott and drive him out of the (lame) ideas market.So long
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is
able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that
they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton<<
The curt saxon of corralitos oils up his barrel for one more onanist
Once more for the Gipper! What a fucking joke Tim Mays become.

@_date: 2002-03-07 19:51:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: The living _won't_ envy the dead 
>>tip of downtown Manhattan is within a few > blocks of water on three sides, And what do you think the effect of a close range nuclear blast will be on a shallow bay filled with water...can you say drowned rat?
Rats can take 5 times the radiation levels of humans and breed faster,dont write us off,we may inherit the earth.
professor rat.
 >>Things are different if you are thinking about *limited* nuclear war rather than MAD. Which is why old lefties like me who would have opposed CD in the 60s & 70s (mostly on civil liberties grounds) would now be rather in favour of it under the current conditions. A Britain targetted by 50 or 100 warheads is going to be Airstrip One. A Britain in which a single suitcase bomb goes off somewhere, or in which a few nutters from Iowa start throwing bugs around, is a place in which individual precautions might make sense. <<
The best defence is still offence,take the toys from the boys...by any memes necerssary.

@_date: 2002-03-07 02:51:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: The living _won't_ envy the dead 
>>Why the Atta bunch wasted their efforts on laborers in WTC rather than creme-de-la-creme Park and 5th is a mysterious conspiracy.) <<
They finished the job that started in 93,and they were assisted by details of the WTC structure that came out in the trial.
No wonder the State seeks secret trials.The dickheads ARE getting desperate.
It's great the martyrs brigade have made a start on DC.That should be finished off in time for JB's release.
Tim's attitude is the really defeatist.Instead of joining a diverse co-alition to destroy the State he prefers to huddle in a compound,oiling his gun barrel.Kiss this senile survivalist goodbye,he's stinking up this list with his decomposing opinions.
"A website could be set up running a "lottery" for the successful "predictions" of the deaths of overbearing public officials. Using encryption and digital cash the whole exercise would be within the law because the person who made the successful "prediction" would be anonymous and their reward would be untrackable,"The Age.au.

@_date: 2002-03-16 08:15:01
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Marc Perkel arrested 
> >> He's a disgrace to the very ideals he professes. > >CJ Parker as well. <<
What Ideals? Theres no ideals in APster apart from those of money and the market.With technology making APster markets inevitable,no ideals are needed.You cant disgrace ideals you dont profess.(As this thread was originally about young Marc,I must lay to rest rumours that Marc was charged by me to set up sleeper cells for later APster attacks.I dont trust anyone who belongs to any political party.)The ad hominems on JB and CJ are showing up the weak,(non-existent.)argument.Faustine and Choate do make a nice team,failing logic and rational discourse,kick 2 former list contribs while they're offline.Cowardly pukes the pair.I hope they get married.petrie dish can be best man.Sandy sandfart and declan Mccatohead  >>All mouth, both of you, blowing yellow bluster.<<
Right arm,Ill throw the rice.Choate IS yellow bluster in the creeping flesh.Worth killing? 2 cents isnt what it used to be.
Hey jya,now that your mirrored to infinity hows about an APster page leading with Richard Armitage,mr 2$.Strictly as 'entertainment journalism' of course.living well is the best revenge.

@_date: 2002-03-16 06:25:32
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: Re: Marc Perkel arrested 
When the feds came to your door,you said it is not me it's that rich guy Tim. THERE IS A YELLOW STREAK IN TEXAS and it runs down your back.

@_date: 2002-03-14 02:30:10
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Tims whinging,what a fuckin'JOKE! 
>>Please, people, take more care in not quoting entire news articles and then adding a line or two of comment. (This is sometimes called "bottom-posting." And "top-posting" is just as bad. Try to trim down the quoted content to half a screen, maybe 3/4 of a screen. If the new content has not started by the bottom of a normal screenful, that's not right.<<
This must be that netiquette stuff I hear of sometimes,it sounds reasonable...coming from Mongo ,that worries me.
  >>Also annoying these last few months of the Cypherpunks list have been the "Reformatted: Another stupid Yahoo article" posts.<<
Like the one directly above?:) From Choate!
  >>Someone forward Yet Another News Article (YANA), then someone else reposts it with formatting errors fixed. Jeesh. It's bad enough seeing endless b.s. articles which are available to all clued persons, even though with dial-up connections (like me), on numerous Web sites.<<
Bad as YAMA,(yet another Mongo article.) I want something done!
 >>At least we succeeded in breaking Choate of this habit<<
Yeah,we shure showed that varmit,he'll never pop up next to you with a YANA from Yahoo again,the rodent.HAHAHA!
.>>..now a slew of Choate wannabees are posting YANAs here.<<
"Choate wannabees,"The skin crawls,Tim as stephen King! Still,If your not the coward from corralito's hows about naming names? I dont see no slew.Two gun Tim getting 'slew' on the draw?
  --Tim May "You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael Shirley
Those who dont obey the laws on this list ought to be shot or hanged? Give it up fuckface,we dont need no steenkin advice.

@_date: 2002-03-18 23:55:53
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: Re:  Copyleft vs. Copyright: A Marxist critique 
So that is why you had time to start this list.
You and AL Gore on the web.

@_date: 2002-03-15 03:23:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Copyleft vs. Copyright: A Marxist critique 
>>40. The latest experiment involving copyleft is Open-Cola, a soft drink supplied with its recipe. Another novel initiative is the encyclopaedia Wikipedia, which is written and edited in an Open Source manner (Lawton, 2002). Moglen stated that news reporting is the next area where anarchy will triumph, because the media conglomerates "[...] with their overpaid pretty people and their massive technical infrastructure, are about the only organizations in the world that cant afford to be everywhere all the time:quot;; Moglen, 1999, p. 17. The start-up of independent media centres, global networks where everyone is able to report local news, confirms this prediction; see  accessed 4 March 2002.<<
Hope our resident comped scribbler is taking notes,also any SIX YEAR veterans of authoritarian marxist groups.I bet any list members with investments in China are fascinated.Thanks for posting this jim.I dont have the stomach to wade through all the marxist shite around,glad you have time on your hands.

@_date: 2002-03-15 10:50:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: American lab rats 
Recently released government documents show that the US government
experimented in bio-warfare and radiation testing using live subjects. Among
other experiments: Dr Joseph G. Hamilton of the University of California
hospital at SanFrancisco proposed a radioactive aerosol as a military
weapon. Experiments were conducted giving "lethal dose" exposures to
terminal patients. At least one of the "terminal" patients had been
misdiagnosed: he only had an ulcer. In Miami, Florida, radioactive needles
were placed in an Army private's nostrils.  At the Vanderbilt University
Medical Center 751 late-term pregnant women were given radioactive water 30
times background radiation levels at a free clinic. Twelve "battlefield
radiation" tests were carried out over Tennessee and Utah. The US Air Force
dropped radioactive cluster bombs dispersing as much as 15,000 curies in
open-air fall-out tests. In Virginia, aspergillus fumagatus, a potentially
lethal bacterium, was released upon mainly black workers at the Norfolk
Naval Supply Center. In a nation-wide test 235 new-born babies were injected
with radioactive iodide. In Memphis six out of every seven babies selected
were black. Mainly non-English speaking Eskimos in Alaska were given an
apple and orange each for their participation in Army tests to inject them
with radioactive iodide. At least 34 underground nuclear tests in the US
released significant levels of radiation into the atmosphere.  Retarded
children in a school in Massachusetts were given doses of radiation in their
breakfast cereal. Prisoners in Oregon and Washington agreed to have their
testicles dipped in radioactive water for $5.00 per week. The directors of
the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, a magazine that has campaigned for
nuclear disarmament since 1947,  say that the danger of nuclear war is the
highest that it's been since the end of the Cold War.

@_date: 2002-03-16 01:46:52
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: Re: New heights of spam from Choate and MattX 
No you drop me a line you may be the bastarded who killed my wife and kids.

@_date: 2002-03-16 01:46:51
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: choate the wanabe (annova) 
Now we can have a computer instead of dumb ass Choate what will they think of next,maybe a mental case from AUS.thats me.

@_date: 2002-03-17 21:13:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Interview with john zerzan 
>>An apt example of what it futilely attempts to criticize, "tame and superficial," and only idiots, narcs and academics who used to hippies, or are kids of hippies, use the dismissive "60s movement."<<
Jeez john,I'm playing catch up ball here.I dont think zerzans dismissive of the 60's,on the contrary.And If he's a hippy,he's one that supports the unabomber.Did you read the whole piece? The guy does have academic pretensions but along with bob black and one or two others,(like JB and CJ)has done more to keep anarchy staggering forward than most.I doubt he's a narc.Tim May is more likely to be a fucking narc.Idiot? He plugs the ted K opus,I've heard thats shite.Read it?
WTF is wrong with "60's movement"? It wasn't the 60's revolution,nearly in France,maybe,what do you call *it*?
  >>Beware "worsening situation of the existing order," for this phrase the war wonks at DoD and NSC are obliged to repeat over loudspeaker in the Oval Office pissoir for figure-8-ing the Ack-Ack-Piss Man.<<
I have no idea what this means...unless its that your passing on the APster link at Cryptome for (well justified) fear of repression.I'm fine with that,you have zero need of any publicity and nothing to prove to anyone.I was just asking.
"worsening situation of the existing order,"In zerzan land I think this means mass extinction events,ecodeath etc.
An Apster and mass resistant led "worsening situation of the existing order,is what I want for the buckfushers,warwonks and president alfred E Neuman.Futile? Possibly but what else can a po boy

@_date: 2002-03-17 19:57:00
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Interview with john zerzan 
Extract...Q:, your thoughts on getting from where we are now to a better world.
A: The worsening situation for the biosphere, society, and the individual--the crisis at every level--is the strongest impetus for a rethinking of so many of the old commonplace assumptions and institutions. Division of labor, domestication, even the very components of our symbolic culture and civilization itself--all these now stand with question marks. When denial begins to collapse, we may well see a challenge to the existing order that will make the '60s movement seem very tame and superficial

@_date: 2002-03-19 07:17:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: fractional reserve banking as economic parasitism 
I wandered lonely as a clone...Title :Star War Episode 2 - Attack of the
Genre :Dramas, Science-Fiction & Fantasy
MPAA Rating :Not Rated
Theatrical Release :May 22, 2002
Release Company :20th Century Fox
The plot of Episode II is a secret. Not a well kept one, but still a
secret. If you're avoiding spoilers, here's the most you probably want to
 It takes place around 10 years after Episode I.
 Anakin and Padme begin to develop their relationship.
 We discover more about Padme's family and background.
 Anakin returns to Tatooine and meets up with Shmi, Watto, Owen Lars, and
Beru Lars.
 We learn the origin of Boba Fett and Stormtroopers.
 Episode II reveals information about the Clone Wars mentioned in A New
 The film is darker than Episode I and is closer to The Empire Strikes Back.

@_date: 2002-03-19 02:34:47
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: Re: gods 
No you still lie, toad from which the list started kept going and going.
You just put on another node
In your dreams Igore and you started the list.
And GORE started the web.

@_date: 2002-03-18 16:53:37
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: gods 
> Now choates claims he stared this list.
  Liar, only claimed to help keep it alive while others tried to kill it. Where were you again? You run which node? Pah. You're insecurity is showing...and that's funny.<<
HAHAHA! Good one 'matt'.

@_date: 2002-03-18 10:11:27
@_author: matthew X  
@_subject: gods 
Al Gore father of the internet
Now choates claims he stared this list.
What next?
Vznuri better wach out before choates claims his paper

@_date: 2002-03-19 08:14:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: question re: your support of Matt Taylor 
>having Taylor put a bounty on my >head and forward my posts to the Where is the evidence for this crap? Forward her posts to the Govt!? She came over as govt suckhole.Not worth 2 cents.
 >>Maybe I've just come too close to dying >myself to think of someone saying I deserve to be killed as a form of chess or >a literary exercise or a video game. Even when it comes from someone with less >- -than-zero Is Faustine a paranoid schizophrenic? Who ever said she deserved to be killed?
 >>I think if one of the "too rational to trust in a >pinch" types here said they intended to forward posts to the government over >bickering you might just shit a brick about what a bastard he was. >You'd be right.
Why would anyone have to forward anything? Various govt filth is all over this list...has been for years.Posts are made directly to them.This bitch can read archives she is clearly doing Amor Pro COinTElPRo here,fuck you Faustine,even if you are just some unbelievably stupid bitch.Why all this (yellow) blather over "someone with less >- -than-zero credibility."?????
 >>best of luck with >Cryptome. It's certainly more important than any of this petty and useless >bullshit. >
I think they're worried you'll place an APster link at the Tomb,john.See if I ever get charged if you want to play safe.That shouldnt be long now.APster is truly amazing,its like the old situationist slogan with a twist."The State take my dreams for reality!" (I take my dreams for reality,in original)
RE 'Your Support"
I seem to remember you arguing against the use of the K word(probably sensible where you are.)Also that you only ever wrote to me once.Seeing as the laptop that letter is in is now in custody,I dont blame you for not responding to my later (unencrypted) letters.
Some 'support' You wont even add to the Armitage pool! I dont want your 'support' anyway,they wont RICO us without a fight.
Fuck you jya,I'll go my own way.
 >>I don't think Matt Taylor intends for you to be killed any more than Tim May wants DC and New York nuked. <<
  Shit,I would hope to have more street cred than Mongo.I just dont know where the bitch lives...yet.She has earned killing now.
 >>Nor that Jim Bell and CJ intended to arrange for the killing of federal officials. <<
They failed in the clandestine,crypto way,Yet their arrests and overbearing repression drew vital attention to the concept.Operation soft drill has had further success,OK not much more,but it is still Kryptonite for the filth.Even now.Who did kill wales?...and why?.Its early days for APster even though dismal media hacks have written it off.The fear of it among authoritarians is palpable,you could carve her...sorry 'it' with a knife.
 >>This calling for killing has been around since the beginning of language when it became socially acceptable to talk about killing rather than doing it: as a way to let fellow savages what is on your mind.<<
Better jaw,jaw,jaw...Politics is infinitlt preferable to war.With APster violence in politics should be minimized,thats why I push APster...also its   >>My view is talking about killing never means any killing is in the offing, instead what you got to worry about is when the talking stops.<<
Or is gagged."Free speech I may tersly define as ,no opinion a law,no opinion a crime."Berkman.
  >>Talkers about killing are a special type of performer, not unlike those who talk about sexual prowess as a way to make up for lack of the real thing. And braggarts about sexual conquests are more socially acceptable than rapists.<<
The au federal police recently spoke to my shrink who proposed extensive 'therapy'.He is no longer my shrink.A shrinks office was bugged to catch a rapist a few years ago in Melb,vic.Loose lips sink ships.I would prefer to talk about killing like Camus in 'the rebel',shame I dont have his literary skill.KILL THE PRESIDENT!
  >>Don't mind Matt's talk, it'll pass as soon as he has the pleasure of facing a non-talker right there in his secure place of no escape: this will not be a government official, most of whom know the benefits of about keeping people talking and protesting and posturing to ease the pressue rather than exploding.<<
I never thought I'd live till 2001...everydays a bonus and living well is the best revenge.The worst thing anyone could do to me right now is return my dell with an apology.Most Govt officials might *know that john but have you been to a demonstration lately?

@_date: 2002-03-20 12:42:07
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: More lies from Jimbo 
>>Just confirms my feeling that most of the Americans here wouldn't recognise a socialist or a communist if one bit them. Maybe there is something in your early upbringing that makes you invincibly ignorant to the necessary concepts.<<
Maybe thats no bad thing.The "necessary concepts" are bogshite.
  >>Or are you using the word "socialist" here just as a contentless term of abuse (as Jim does)? If their postings bear any resemblance to the mentality of a human being (& in Matt's case I sometimes suspect a clever Markov chain text generator - or did when I used to read them) then Ozzy Matt is a socialist,<<
Moving away from Libertarian socialism towards primitivist anarchism.Leftism has no future in the US,maybe thats no bad thing.No need to run your name through the prison bitch name generator:)
  >>Texan Jim is /not/. They might both be looneys (though I suspect Jim Being a republican in Texas and contributing to this list makes him an uber looney (and APster candidate.)
  >>might both be grumpy, pissed-off, curmudgeons determined to post crap to the list for as long as people tell them not to because they think it is a sign of weakness to do what you are told,<<
Dont let Mongo hear you say that.
  >>but Jim at least is not yet a socialist.<<
He's not even a fucking DEMOCRAT,and because the lunar right is mainstream he is 'socialist'.Its the 'planet bizzaro' effect.
  >>Anyway, political opinion seems orthogonal to sanity. <<
Are you another ex-trot? Like our resident political looney jamesd? You might be on to something.APster should damp down a lot of political  > > Because it's more interesting than your garbage seems like a equitable > > responce.
And I still think that his continual misspellings are Freudian slips.<<
Jims so retro he still thinks Freud is an expert on psychology! Worse than me old mate JB.
  >>Well, I do when I'm in a bad mood about all the stupid links.<<
If he would only drop the slashdot shite,jesus f christ,that site is lamer heaven.And all of youse,just stop mentioning me here will you please? Its getting to be like work answering your tedious critisisms.(analyse that kenny.) FEH!

@_date: 2002-03-20 07:01:01
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Meta-Meta-Meta ejaculation 
>>Or if choate or ravage forward to ravage Less work.
Umm,you left out the X,you incompetant weenie.Also you have to throw in some...
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender." -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard, for Bart Simpson
*I dont want to forward anything to with shoate except my e-contribution to his demise.(my 2cents)

@_date: 2002-03-19 23:49:00
@_author: matthew 
@_subject: Re: Meta-Meta-Meta ejaculation 
Or if choate or ravage forward to ravage
Less work.

@_date: 2002-03-23 12:45:42
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RE: I'm no "agent." 
Morlock  >>...one does not turn to bacteria for help in fighting infection. One uses antibiotics. ..<<
Also just cause the body politic is dead,doesnt mean it doesnt need more free radicals.
And the intellectuals still argue [about] whether Amerika is a fascist country.............." George Jackson, Blood in My Eye.

@_date: 2002-03-23 14:23:13
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: time-delayed release of information 
> High power laser beams are hard to outrun.
  As opposed to low power laser beams? <<
Weasl,nobody likes a smartarse.Why dont you take your biting wit and sit on it? Major V.Keep on truckin'
"For Anarchy to succeed, or simply advance toward its success,it must be conceived not only as a lighthouse that illuminates and attracts,but as something possible and attainable,not in centuries to come,but in a relatively short time,and without relying on miracles." Errico Malatesta.

@_date: 2002-03-23 14:14:53
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The voyage of the Mongo 
Sorry...MOBRO...my mistake,in 1987 - The Mobro 4,000, piled with 3,168 tons of New York garbage, begins a 162-day, 6,000-mile search for a port willing to take its' load. As the boat barged it's way into the media spotlight -- a surreal symbol of man's inability to clean up his own mess -- it's rebuffed by 6 states & 3 countries before New York City agrees to burn the trash.  Love the way Stephen J cannel worked this into an episode of 'Wiseguys' where ken whal picks up some smuggled coke on the scows return.Series has an early performance of Kevin Spacey as a incestuously inclined Malthusian,probably too low budget to be worth looking up but we are in a crypto winter.
'In [the ideal state] every one is his own ruler. He rules himself in such a manner that he is never a hindrance to his neighbor. In [such a state], therefore, there is no political power because there is no State.' Gandhi

@_date: 2002-03-23 06:43:18
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The voyage of the Mongo 
Sorry...MOBRO...my mistake,in 1987 - The Mobro 4,000, piled with 3,168 tons
of New York
garbage, begins a 162-day, 6,000-mile search for a port
willing to take its' load. As the boat barged it's way into
the media spotlight -- a surreal symbol of man's inability
to clean up his own mess -- it's rebuffed by 6 states & 3
countries before New York City agrees to burn the trash.
ALSO in the bleed...1989 - US: The Exxon Valdez destroys thousands of square
miles of pristine wildlife habitat in the largest oil spill in US
history. Exxon Corp. spends the next several years avoiding
lawsuits, creating new PR spins, & obstructing cleanup
1990 -- England: Death of Geoffrey Ostergaard, gentle
anarchist/pacifist. Wrote on workers' control, & also
similarities of Sarvodaya in India & anarchism.
'In [the ideal state] every one is his own ruler. He
rules himself in such a manner that he is never a
hindrance to his neighbor. In [such a state],
therefore, there is no political power because there
is no State.'
 Gandhi

@_date: 2002-03-23 13:03:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: My first post 
You can check that I dont work for the Govt,in fact I cost various Govts lots of money in the year you've been lurking.
Choate believes in representative democracy and so supports Govt.I am an anarchist and want to destroy all Govts.
Anarchy al Ackbar.
Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."

@_date: 2002-03-23 14:06:57
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: USPTO needs killing 
You might be filtering me so... I agree with the subject line.
A fucking wheel got a patent last year in au.This is bizzaro world without APster.Pledge your $'s here.(my 2 cents)

@_date: 2002-03-23 14:06:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: "Where are mongo's turnips?" 
>>Hakim drifted into his drug/hermeneutics/deconstruction reality even as engineers were actually building the future.)
Cue song,'tomorrow belongs to me',pan down mongo's right arm.
 >>WHERE ARE THE TURNIPS IN 2002? All around. And not just in Brittny Spears junk.
Has she been cavity searched yet?
 >>Some months back, I recollected that a test launch out of Vandenburg was coming up. I did some quick searches, found the launch was scheduled for 10 minutes away, stood out on my deck and watched the rocket arc up over Big Sur and head out over the Pacific. <<
Hey jims near there(Lompoc),I wonder if he saw it.Books get written in prison here (in au) and smuggled out and published,would someone get something out from comrade Bell,please? Thank you.
 >>30 Heinlein novels sitting on my hard disk <<
15 each following the divorce.
 >>The metapoint of my last article was that people must accept that an untraceable system of this kind of power pretty much necessitates their _own_ untraceability in developing and releasing the system. <<
No ego and/or meglamaniacs required,leaves Mongo outside looking in.Mongo sad.
 >>"...if Hiro Protagonist is immensely wealthy and powerful in the Metaverse, he certainly won't be living in a shipping crate at LAX in He works for the cia,maybe under deep cover.It disturbs me that such a totally discredited organization has writers like stephenson and Tom Robbins,(Fierce Invalids home...)writing their hiro's (sic) as agents.This cia mob couldn't even predict the fall of the Shah of Iran,let alone 9-11.Does tim work for the cia? He May (sic) as well.(sic) He (and declan) are both sic(sic) fucks.Damming and diverting crypto anarchy as best they can,luckily less attentions being paid to their cruft.
 >>I tagged Neal on this at a Hackers Conference...<<
with a paintball.
 >>It's a facet, like True Names, like Ender's Game, like Snow Crash, like Shockwave Rider, like a bunch of other books..."<<
Like the dispossed and newtons sleep by Le Guin.
 >>I think we went off the rails way back, as people got interested in crypto but never grasped the consequences of being able to "bobble" private spaces, of a world in which cyberspace is "reified" by the act of creation and ownership, where the "walls are held up" by the strength of mathematics. This is NOT some handwaving bit of jive. This is real.<<
Actually,unless you can run this through a translator,it IS some hand jive from a master of the art.Heil Mongo!
 >>Cypherpunks was not about Choatian gibberish about fighting corporations.<<
Choate couldnt fight his way out of a wet paper bag.The pot is abusing the kettle here also.
 >>It was about applying the rich collection of crypto concepts and protocols (a LOT more than simple encryption) to incorporate or reify into constructed realities that will form the future for many of us. <<
Speakada english! This is mongoan gibberish.It will not hold water.
 >>My vision hasn't changed. <> Rant snipped <> The future's so bright, I gotta wear mirrorshades!
Stop it Mongo...you'll go blind. Crypto winter has 5 years to go and none of you libertarian wankers believe in global warming
anyway.roll over and go back to sleep you boring old fart.

@_date: 2002-03-23 15:52:39
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Kiwi's getting carniverous. 
ISPs forced to spy on email
Kate Mackenzie
MARCH 22, 2002
NEW Zealand's Government plans to force telcos and ISPs to install equipment allowing police to eavesdrop on phone calls and emails.
New Zealand's Associate Minister of Justice Paul Swain confirmed the requirements would be introduced as part of the Telecommunications (Interception Capability) Bill that was being drafted. It would go before the Law and Order Select Committee and be opened to public comment before it could be introduced.
"What I'm outlining today is how we expect that to happen," Mr Swain said If passed, the laws would give network operators and ISPs between 18 months and five years to comply with the requirements. The Government would pay for upgrades to existing networks, but companies would be expected to foot the cost for new builds.
A spokeswoman for Mr Swain said it had not yet been determined what technology would be used, or whether all companies would have to use the same type of interception technology.
"How it's physically done yet to be worked out," she said.
Mr Swain said the laws would bring New Zealand into line with other countries including Australia, the UK and the US.
"It doesn't mean that it's identical to those laws, it just means it's on equal footing," the spokeswoman said.
The laws would also target hacking crimes, which were not covered by any specific laws in New Zealand.
FROM

@_date: 2002-03-23 16:50:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Myanmar e-mail madness. 
Myanmar goes wild with email
Correspondents in Yangon
MARCH 19, 2002
YANGON: Some 10,000 new email accounts will be handed out to members of the public in Myanmar, where until now only 4000 carefully selected citizens have had access to the technology.
The Myanmar Times reported the email accounts would go online within the next few weeks to users in the capital Yangon and the northern city of It did not say who they would go to, but the recipients are likely to be privileged figures or prominent businesspeople in the military-controlled nation, where access to all forms of communication is severely restricted.
Bagan Cybertech, a semi-government organisation, will issue the accounts as well as provide internet access to government departments and a limited number of other organisations.
The new email users will also have access to some 800 sites on the web as well as about 50 on the local intranet, the company's director Htein Win says.
"The issue of these new email accounts will see a steep rise in internet usage. Since 1997, Myanma Posts and Telecommunication was the only email and internet service provider and accounts were limited," he says.
Travel agents and tour operators, IT companies, exporters and importers had expressed interest, he says.

@_date: 2002-03-23 16:31:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: A strong case for teaching Satanism in schools. 
Colson blasts plagiarism, deceit -- in a column he didn't write
A Christianity Today column with Charles Colson's byline attacks the "Post-Truth Society," and goes after historian Stephen Ambrose for "dealing in deceit" because he "plagiarized portions of other historians' works and

@_date: 2002-03-25 12:30:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RICO for Rockspiders 
Anti-mob law invoked in sex cases
March 25, 2002
WASHINGTON: Lawyers are invoking a statute previously used to round up crime bosses in a new legal nightmare for the Catholic church over child abuse by priests.	
Claiming the church hierarchy is involved in a conspiracy of silence to protect priests who abuse children, the suit filed in Hannibal, Missouri, comes under the Racketeering Influence and Corrupt Organisations Act and targets former Florida bishop Anthony O'Connell, who resigned this month after admitting to molesting a seminary student in the 1970s.
The law includes provisions for civil lawsuits when someone is harmed by a "pattern" of illegal activity.
FROM RICO for Richard (Armitage) cant be too far off,might save his worthless butt from Turbo APster.FREE JIM BELL!

@_date: 2002-04-30 11:21:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Distributed computing meets PtoP. 
KaZaA lite is being hunted down by this Sharman Outfit as ISPs in OZ are
asked by artists group ARIA for take downs
More KaZaA
Secreted in KaZaA software is Altnet  and its about to be activated,
warns Nathan Cochrane.
The 20 million users of KaZaA Media Desktop, the world's most popular
file-swapping software, have little more than a month to decide if they
want their computers hijacked.
That's the time-frame laid down last Wednesday by Sharman Networks chief
executive Nikki Hemming for the activation of Altnet, an alternative
network to the Internet used to create a giant virtual supercomputer.

@_date: 2002-04-30 03:42:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: best of bleed. 
1858 - France: Justice by P-J Proudhon -- philosopher,
economist, sociologist -- appears.
"Property is theft!"
1894 - A Capitol Crime?: Jacob Coxey's protest Army of the Poor
reaches Washington D.C. Led a group of 500 unemployed workers
from the Midwest & arrested for trespassing on Capitol grounds.
JACOB COXEY 1999 SAINT (April 16)
Leader of "Coxey's Army" of hoboes, arrested for strolling on the
White House lawn.
1895 - Warships sent to Nicaragua to "protect" U.S. interests.
Like there might be some others?
1896 - Siverin Ferandel (1896-1978) lives.
1899 - US: Their demand that only union men be employed refused,
members of the Western Federation of Miners (WFM) dynamited the
$250,000 mill of the Bunker Hill Company at Wardner, Idaho,
destroying it completely.
Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader President
McKinley responded by sending in black soldiers
from Brownsville, Texass with orders to round up
thousands of miners & confine them in specially
built "bullpens."
1899 - 1901 saw U.S. Army troops occupying the
Coeur d'Alene mining region in Idaho.
Im reading 'big trouble,'by Lukas about this,got me interested in the civil war so I started in on 'battle cry of freedom,'by mc pherson.Addictive 1915 - Women's International League for Peace & Freedom
founded, The Hague.
1961 - England. 826 arrested in nuclear disarmament
demonstration, London.
1970 - US: National Guard shoots seven students at Ohio State
University. "Teach your children well".
1970 - U.S. invades Cambodia.
1973 - Over 15,000 attending a rock concert by Elvin Bishop,
Canned Heat, Buddy Miles & Fleetwood Mac are routed from
a baseball stadium in Stockton, California, by police firing
tear-gas canisters. More than 80 people, including 28 cops
are hurt & 50 arrests are made.
1975 - US Forces flee Vietnam. Last American planes leave.
1992 - Los Angeles riots kick off immediately following the
"Not Guilty" verdict in the Rodney King trial.
Despite a videotape documenting the episode, an
innocent verdict is returned in the savage police beating of
African American Rodney King, leads to the worst rioting in
Los Angeles history, with much destruction of property,
looting, 53 deaths & hundreds of injuries.
1996 - South Korea: Three men arrested for protesting a
nuclear power plant under construction
Daily bleed for full listings.

@_date: 2002-04-30 03:10:42
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: New news from nowhere. 
hello folks, we are looking for feed back, positive or negative on the ideas we hope to put forward in a new paper we hope to get out around the start of June, if you like what we have to say and want to spread them, we can send you a flyer with this text and pretty graphics. you can email feedback, death threats or whatever to greenanarchyusa salud We Too Have a Dream... A dream of a society based on mutual aid and voluntary cooperation without the coercion of a ruling elite. We dream of a world without wars, poverty and oppression, where all are valued and free to live our lives rather than the hollow lifestyle sold to us by corporate masters. We hope for a world of play and happiness beyond the dull monoculture of this one. Reality today is full of unfulfilled people travelling in streets full of banks, shops, traffic and neon lights. Streets full of cops and adverts of things you don?t even need. We live rushing to work, punching the clock when we should be punching our boss. This is capitalist reality-selling lifestyles that are a very poor imitation of having a real life. There is a real world outside of this capitalist crap, as its been said under the pavement a beach. We most oppose the state and all forms of coercion. We oppose national borders. Ideas of ethnic or cultural superiority recreate the world we hope to escape. Private property and money create social division and injustice. Society Sucks Governments have nothing to give us except what they have first taken away. No one can give us freedom. Groups that promise freedom and peace lie and give us war and injustice, perpetrating the injustice of hierarchy in the name of liberty. The colonialism so deeply ingrained in our minds has created the monotone McCulture of the western world that is being sold to the globe in the flashing images on TV and on the silverscreen of Hollywood. The disenchantment of industrial production with its time clocks, specialization, and production for profit for its own sake is a further division of labor that create classism and hierarchy. Social class did not fall from the moon. It was created using the division of labor. In hunter and gatherer societies men hunted and women gathered. As time went by the hunters turn to warriors and then to Kings. This was the embryo of the modern patriarchal world. Social classes produce a psychology of domination, and when people lose control of their destinies they in turn try to control someone or thing else. This alienation is the creator of class war, sexism racism homophobia and ecological destruction. Whenever someone else is in control humanity and everything else on the planet is endangered. Because of fetishism of commodities, we fill our lives with stuff. We must work to fill the void left by the consumer world. We fail to notice how stuck we are in the vicious circle of production, having to work to pay for things we don?t really need as well as working to make more junk. Its an insane paper chase and completely unnecessary, except to keep consumer capitalism grinding on. Perhaps only 5% of the work done today feeds, heats and lights our lives, the rest is pretty much unnecessary. A move away from work would obviously benefit the more down trodden people in society. Remember the old saying a woman?s work is never done? Well its true that women do about 80% of work in the world for very little reward. Humanity is out of step with the planet around us. We must reconnect with the earth and become, once again, part of the ecosystem rather than outside looking in. The richness and diversity of all forms of life have value and humanity is part of this web of life and not its center. People are not happy with this world, even the police, one of the states guard dogs, fought in Madrid because they were unhappy with their jobs having to enforce a drinking ban. In Britain Commander Brian Paddick, who is in charge of policing in Lambeth, south London, recently said, "the concept of anarchism has always appealed to me". In an insane consumer world where you have to work long hours so you can fill your life with plastic, Prozac and flickering light to fill the void created by the disenchantment that modern capitalism has become. Small is Beautiful The boredom of society today can?t be reformed it must be replaced. We seek to replace the dominant culture of death with the ecology of everyday life, where we reconnect with ourselves and the planet around us. A concrete world breed?s apathy but even the cities were built on fertile soil and fresh water we just need to break through the surface. If we are to reconnect ourselves to the world around us we need to work together. Mutual aid and cooperation in affinity groups in a community is the anti-dote to the alienation of mass society. This will, if we are success overcome the cultural baggage that has created racism. If a cat and a crow can work together surely people can. Something I saw recently pointed out that racists aren?t born but created by the culture we grow up in. All too often people who wish to see the end of oppression just mirror the structure of the oppressor and replace it. Identity pimp sell us ideas of a class, gender or ethnic group being the true suppliers of freedom when there are really repackaging the old world with news tape with the freedom of a few only in the name of the people. We desire community beyond the isolation of our modern existence trapped as we our into our mundane lives making us easier to trap into the capitalism existence of wage slavery with only commodity fetishism, your are what you own in this world after all, to pacify your anomie. There is a continuing appeal of nationalism in ever so called radical centers. For as long as there is social division and separation their can never be equality, in fact powerful elite relay out social division to stay in control of use, the need to divide to stay in power over us and use fear to continue the status quo. We can?t use the master?s tools, like nationalism or alienation, to destroy the masters house. You only have to look at Israel to see that even those who have lived through a holocaust repeat the pattern of other states. Cultural, political and ethnic isolation perpetuates this racists system. If we are to have a free, just world we need a human community of empowered individuals who can work together. Our liberation can?t be imposed, you can liberate me and I can liberate you but our liberation comes when we can work together. An old native America prophecy talks of people of all creeds, colors and religions joining to save the planet and in turn liberating us too. Land and Liberty Malcolm X once pointed out that all revolutionary struggles are centered on the question of land. The agriculture/food industry is the second most profitable industry in the capitalist world after the pharmaceutical industry, so if we can learn to take care of ourselves through free skools, to be able to feed ourselves and have health care for those around us, then we are taking direct action. We are undermining the systems hold over the world and us. Globalism needs resources from across the planet to survive. The mega machine exploits those who work the land; people who have nothing to gain from cooperating with capital and so take back the land. Groups in Central America and South America like the EZLN or MST re occupy land just the same all urban guerilla gardeners do in cities around the US. These ideas are nothing new as even during the Middle Ages people like the Taborites, the free Spirit, the Diggers to Modern times like the Maknovists in the Ukraine, those who agreed with the Magon brothers and agricultural collectives in Spain have all fought for the land. When people talk of over population-the famines and the destruction it creates--they are missing the point. It?s industrialism that forces people to move away from the land and into cities in search of food and profit, creating an atmosphere of overcrowding and poverty. Often times when peoples go hungry it is not for lack of food but lack of justice. It?s more profitable to feed grain and soy grown in the third world to animals at industrial farms in the west than feed it to the poor. During the famine in Ethiopia in the 80?s for every bag of grain given to the refugees displaced during the civil war Ethiopia exported 4 bags to pay back its debt so it could continue fighting the war. By 2028 there is going to be an estimated 8 billion people on the planet. We can?t simply sit back and let the agricultural industry push its lies of biotech and chemicals as the solution to the growing population. Land redistributes and the destruction of capitalism is the only hope. The poor don?t need to be growing monoculture cash crops like coffee or tea or drugs intensively to survive there need land and sustainable permaculture so as not to destroy the planet we depend on. Revolution on the Periphery It seems that as long as our struggle is not on our own terms but in the terrain of capital, there will be no creation of a better world. What is the point of occupying the factories when its production that should be stopped? Why should we wish to take over the system that imprisons us? So we can self manage our own imprisonment? Surely we are fighting a losing battle if we are fighting for industry. It?s a system so diabolical that poisons the food that we eat, water we drink and air we breath why would we want to take it over? Just as we need mutual aid to overcome the alienation of humanity we also need to have ecology of everyday life. We need to reconnect with the world around us and fight the psychology of domination not just of people but also of the environment. People in the third world are resisting the monopolizing of seed production and the patenting of biotech seeds. They are not buying the ideas of economic growth, predicated on the work of women and the third world. We must support their struggle by creating our own here. Modern capitalist relationships have pushed many people to the periphery of society leaving nothing to gain from the world we live in today. Peoples have been reduced to mere specters of the world around them. They have been reduced to mere consumers. People with a little jolt could disrupt their way of thinking and turn them against the system. Autonomy Now We have no desire to merely turn the world upside down but to create a human community of equals with not ruling elite. Be it a tribe, worker, city or elected council we can?t delegate our lives into someone else?s hands. We want autonomy not democracy with affinity groups deciding their own destinies. We need to learn from each other with mutual respect to create a multi culture world at peace with itself and the earth. We do believe in direct-action, action that will bring power into our hands and not that of authority. When people have to depend on the state for protection from others they help strengthen its hold on society. In a true community we don?t need a police force. The very presence of a law enforcement system in a community is an indication that something is not working. And the presence of the police is supposed to make it work? Such a force is essentially repressive, which means that certain people in such a dysfunctional community do not know how to fit in. A community is a place where there is consensus; not where there is a crooked looking onlooker with a gun, creating an atmosphere of unrest. We must beware of groups that promise a better deal. During the beginning of the industrial revolution in Britain a group rose up against the centralization and shoddy work of industrialism. They then had to face more British troops in their towns then Napoleon had to face in Europe at the same time. Despite fierce repression the Luddites still posed quite a treat so the government legalized trade unions that wanted people to work in the factories just with better pay and hours. The same tactic has historically been used by those in power from the Catholic Church to governments giving women/people of color/working class the vote so they can pick their own repressors. Often times people are called into talks and ether offered a seat at the table like during the Spanish Revolution when CNT leaders joined the government or simply gunned down like in Russia (1917-21) or Mexico (1909?). Governments will never give us our freedom we must take it from them. Learning to live free from exploitation by boycotting the institutions like banks, corporations and governments that are destroying our world. We can build a new life for each other and reclaim our destinies from those who want to control our lives. Humans are not intrinsically evil; rather the society we are raised in creates unnatural cutthroat attitudes and beliefs. If right from the outset certain people are denied all possibilities of humanity, how can they subsequently be expected to emerge as real people? When conflict comes, those who defend capital should be reduce to the level of bestial or mechanical adversities. We need to reveal and demystify and demonstrate its contradictions and rise doubt in their minds. We can?t make the mistake that we can somehow enforce our will over others or we too will become what we despise. Racketeers preach the merits of chaos and collapse, but that will not bring about a better world for all its inhabitants. Empires have come and gone but the social relationship, the class structure and the domination of nature continues. Without a proactive approach there is no hope. We should learn from the past and carry those lessons onto a free and just society for all. People can learn to cooperate and humanity can learn to coexist with the world around it. Do not be fooled by those who talk about the total destruction rather than a world where the true beauty of mutually cooperative society exists

@_date: 2002-04-30 02:39:13
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Colonel Panic 
At Fox News, the Colonel Who Wasn't
Article about the service record of Joseph Cafasso, until recently a military consultant for Fox News in the US
( NY Times )
Links from Also,was shrub a deserter from the national gaurd in his cokedaze.
And,US empires cheap imitation of the british.
American navy 'helped Venezuelan coup'
Article covering further allegations of US involvement in the abortive coup earlier this month ( Guardian )
See also this article on the role of broadcast media owners in the coup, this commentary by Gary Younge, and the National Endowment for Democracy web site

@_date: 2002-04-28 06:25:10
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Chimp needs lawyer,will pay peanuts. 
Chimps should have right to attorney, say campaigners
'A chimpanzee can communicate on roughly the same level as a three or four-year-old human, using sign language. Children most certainly have legal status in the courts, even if guardians file actions for them. In the same way, third parties, such as animal rights activists, would be able to represent the chimpanzees in the courts' ( Independent )
See also the Chimpanzee Collaboratory web site, in particular their News and Events page which reprints the longer WSJ article from yesterday, the CEPR web site, including this presentation to the ABA (PDF) by Jane Goodall and Steven Wise from 1996, and the Great Ape Project web site
For links...

@_date: 2002-04-28 06:11:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RSA to sack 200 in midst of SEC investigation,DUMP RSA,DUMP 
"...In focusing its business, the Company plans to take several steps to reduce operating expenses, including cutting program expenses, simplifying product lines and severing approximately 200 employees, representing approximately 17% of its worldwide workforce. The Company expects to implement the new organizational structure this week, and to complete the workforce reduction in the U.S. this week and internationally as quickly as

@_date: 2002-04-26 13:44:50
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: ASIO thieves. 
ASIO 'stole money during raid'
April 26 2002
The wife of a Sydney man accused of training with the al Qaeda terrorist network has claimed thousands of dollars were stolen from the family home during an ASIO raid.
An investigation has been ordered into the allegations by Maha Habib that $7,000 in cash was taken from the family's Birrong home during a raid by ASIO on September 20 last year, The Daily Telegraph reported today.
Family solicitor Stephen Hopper said a mobile telephone belonging to the eldest son of the accused, Mamdouh Habib, was also taken and has not been returned, the newspaper said.
A record of property seized in the raid included two mobile telephones - of which only one was returned - and did not acknowledge the $7,000 being taken, Mr Hopper told the newspaper.
Intelligence and Security Inspector-General Bill Blick has referred the accusation to the Commonwealth Ombudsman and the Commissioner of the Australian Federal Police, the newspaper reported.
Meanwhile, the federal government has stepped up pressure on the United States to allow Australian intelligence agents to interview Mr Habib.
The US has so far failed to respond to specific Australian requests for information on the case, The Sydney Morning Herald reported.
Mr Habib, 46, was arrested in Pakistan in October before being secretly sent to Egypt the next month, then transferred to US military custody in Afghanistan 10 days ago over alleged links to the terrorist network.

@_date: 2002-04-26 00:56:56
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Indymedia attacked by facist Kraut railroaders. 
Politech archive on ongoing dispute over "Radikal" site:
 And: "German
nat'l railroad readies linking-suit against Google, Yahoo"
 Some "Radikal" mirror sites:
  --- Date: Thu, 25 Apr 2002 16:48:37 +0200
Indymedia threatened by German Railroads [The German Railroads are
threatening Indymedia in the Netherlands with a lawsuit to remove links to
mirrors of the magazine Radikal. Previously the Railroad company succeeded
in forcing ISP xs4all.nl to remove the original Radikal site and threatened
Google with a lawsuit to remove the links from their database.]
 Indymeda.nl refuses to remove
links to Radikal site despite being summoned indymedia.nl, 24.04.2002 21:39
Press release Indymeda.nl refuses to remove links to Radikal site despite
being summoned to do so by Deutsche Bahn (German Rail) Tuesday 23 april the
newsmedium Indymedia NL has received a letter from a lawfirm representing
Deutsche Bahn AG demanding the removal of an internet page. The page in
question contains some links to mirrors of the -long defunct- german
periodical Radikal. Two articles contained in those mirrors have been the
subject of a lawsuit last week. DB objects to these articles because these
contain instructions on how to obstruct the heavily critized German nuclear
transports. By way of a judicial procedure, Internet provider XS4ALL has
been ordered to remove these pages from the homepage of one of its
subscribers. After this removal, many mirrors have sprung up all over the
world. If the Indymedia page containing links to th7ese mirrors is not
removed immediately, DB will sue, their letter states. Indymedia NL
adamantly refuses to comply with DB4s demand to remove the links for the
following three reasons: Firstly the links in question do not directly lead
to the disputed articles, but to mirrors in which the articles are
contained. The articles therefore are at least three "clicks" away (from
indymedia to the mirror and from the mirror to the content page of the
Radikal editions and from there to the articles). Complying with this
request would mean jeopardizing the fundaments of the internet, since links
are the esence of this medium. Secondly, Indymedia NL is part of a
worldwide independent news network, entirely produced by volunteers. Using
the open publishing system, anyone can freely publish his or her news in
the form of text, audio, video or photos. Principally Indymedia.nl does not
want to censor or prevent people from placing links to news sources. We
believe that everyone has the right to place links, notwithstanding the
content available through these links. Thirdly, Indymedia NL thinks that
conforming to the demand would jeopardize the national and international
freedom of the press, which is the basis of every democratic system. The
possibility for censorship of hyperlinks in this way would have severe
negative consequences for relevant provision of information in all layers
of society (media, education, etc). Indymedia NL therefore calls for
support in this very fundamental issue. Indymedia stresses that the issue
is about references to freely available pages which are outside of
Indymedia4s responsibility. Updates on this case will be posted on
 The disputed webpage is at
 Monetary donations can be
directed to Dutch bank account 56.03.59.349 on behalf of Stichting SBIP,
Amsterdam. Any form of legal expertise is also very welcome. More
information: info

@_date: 2002-04-26 00:27:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Cocksucking corperado slut takes it up the ass. 
FROM Report: Ex-HBR editor Wetlaufer had fling with former Ford CEO Nasser
Suzy Wetlaufer, who quit her Harvard Business Review post on Wednesday, had an affair with former Ford CEO Jacques Nasser, and another unnamed company chief executive, according to an upcoming Vanity Fair article. The magazine also describes a romantic relationship Wetlaufer, 42, allegedly had with a 24-year-old editorial assistant at the Review. Wetlaufer stepped out of the editor's chair and became editor at larger after colleagues blasted her for her affair with former GE chairman Jack Welch, who she interviewed for the magazine. (Boston Globe)
 > Ex-staffer: This could have been avoided if bosses had done their jobs
 > Claim: Wetlaufer's biggest regret is not landing a Clinton interview
Wetlaufer quits HBR; says ethics flap is too "distracting"
Suzy Wetlaufer, who began dating former GE chairman Jack Welch after interviewing him for a Harvard Business Review article, says: ''Unfortunately, what has become clear is that Harvard Business Review will never again be a place where I will be able to work to my full potential." The departure involved a financial settlement, but Wetlaufer's spokeswoman refused to give details. Wetlaufer, who was making $277,000 a year as editor, became editor at large after her affair with the married exec became public. (Boston.com) Earlier stories:
 > What message did HBR send by keeping Wetlaufer on staff? (reg. req.)
 > Wetlaufer's PR rep says scandal has been "exhausting and invasive"
 > Sources: Wetlaufer bragged about flings with other interview subjects
 > Wetlaufer wrote '99 case study about a cheating CEO, younger woman
 > Wetlaufer gets a pot of red roses as Welch's marriage goes kaput

@_date: 2002-04-25 23:10:39
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: You dont know jack. 
1870 -- US: Tired of living as second-class citizens on Klamath
land & discouraged by failed crops during the government attempts
to convert them from hunting, Captain Jack & a group of 371
Modoc Indians leave the reservation April 25th or 26th, & return
to their ancestral lands near Tule Lake, California.
1892 - France: The trial of Ravachol begins.
"Who is it -- throughout this endless procession of tortures
which has been the history of the human race -- who is it that
sheds the blood, always the same, relentlessly, without any
pause for the sake of mercy? Governments, religions,
industries, forced labor camps, all of these are drenched in
---Octave Mirbeau, "Ravachol"
A Form 8-K regarding RSA Security has been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Click on the following hyperlink to view this filing:

@_date: 2002-04-24 20:53:39
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: HANSSEN FILES IN THE OPEN! 
Soon,real soon.Lax e-security aided FBI spy
Karen Dearne
APRIL 23, 2002
A UNITED States commission reviewing FBI security in response to treason by a former special agent has been shocked at how easily he was able to steal vast amounts of secret information.
Over 22 years, Robert Hanssen gave the Russians documents and computer diskettes filled with national intelligence of "incalculable value".
In a report delivered to the US Attorney-General John Ashcroft, commission chairman William Webster said a "pervasive inattention to security" allowed Hanssen to gather information that was "tremendously useful" to hostile foreign powers.
Hanssen has pleaded guilty to 15 counts of spying and is awaiting sentencing, due next month.
Mr Webster, a former CIA and FBI director, led the commission's year-long "As shocking as the depth of Hanssen's betrayal is the ease with which he was able to steal material," Mr Webster said.
"Hanssen usually collected this material in the normal routine of an FBI manager privy to classified information that crossed his desk or came up in conversation with colleagues."
The treacherous agent worked in the Bureau's intelligence division and helped establish an automated counter-intelligence database.
"He was proficient in combing FBI automated records, and printed or downloaded to disk reams of highly classified information," Mr Webster said.
"He also did not hesitate to go into offices where he had worked some time before, log on to standalone data systems and retrieve, for example, the identities of foreign agents who US intelligence services had compromised - information vital to US interests and even more immediately vital to those he betrayed."
Hanssen initially communicated with the Soviets through encoded radio transmissions, using a one-time pad - a practically unbreakable cipher he created himself.
He installed unauthorised software on his office computers, including a password-breaking program discovered on his hard drive.
On at least one occasion, he hacked into a colleague's computer, and even downloaded a classified document from the hard drive of the chief of the Bureau's Soviet intelligence section - purportedly to demonstrate weaknesses in the system.
Early on, he suggested to his handlers that they communicate by email, but the Soviets weren't keen. Later he urged them to buy personal digital devices, so he could beam data to them.
The commission found security was often seen as an impediment to operations, which depended on the free flow of information within the Bureau.
"Operational imperatives will normally and without reflection trump security needs," Mr Webster said.
"For instance, senior Bureau management recently removed certain security-based access restrictions from the FBI's automated record system

@_date: 2002-04-24 09:57:28
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Two Anarchists in Jail on explosives charges 
Explosives my arse! same story,different page.
Late April, California: More Repression Against Anarchists
  posted by breakthechains on Monday April 22 2002 @ 02:48PM PDT
   As some of you may have heard, a comrade and fellow anarchist activist, Matt "Rampage" Lamont has been jailed very recently and remains jailed in Orange County. He was arrested with another fellow activist and supporter of South Bay Food Not Bombs, Max Lucas, a juvenile, also in jail in OC's juvenile detention center. [...]
  Cali anarchists well covered!

@_date: 2002-04-24 09:55:52
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: London woman becomes fiftieth hunger striker to die in Turkey 
London woman becomes fiftieth hunger striker to die in Turkey By Andrew Finkel in Istanbul and Daniel McGrory IN HER last, whispered telephone call to friends in London, Meryem Altun, 25, told them that she was determined to starve herself to death. A few weeks later, on April 1, after 301 days of refusing all solid food, the London-based community worker died in a Turkish hospital with only two prison guards for company. Ms Altun became the fiftieth person to die on a hunger strike as part of a mass protest against prison conditions in Turkey. When ten Republicans starved themselves to death in Northern Ireland's Maze prison in 1981, they attracted huge publicity around the world, yet this hunger strike has passed almost unnoticed outside Turkey and the immediate area of North London where Ms Altun lived. "Nobody outside her own community even knows her name," Gurkan Gur, who worked with her in London, complained. "Fifty people starve themselves to death, including this young woman, and nobody seems to care." More FROM
Also on the news just now,gas and clubs are out at wackenhuts WA port Hedland concentration camp.One way to end a stand off I suppose.Prisoners are fighting at the perimeter fence.

@_date: 2002-04-24 08:11:05
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Fresh FBI Fuckup. 
A week after pit bull Sharon pissed on the shrub,fresh evidence of terminal US decay.
The assumption that bullets found at a crime scene can be matched to those in a suspect's possession has helped convict countless murderers, robbers and armed felons in the US, Britain and elsewhere. Forensic scientists analyse lead bullets for traces of antimony, tin, arsenic, copper, bismuth, silver and cadmium.
The idea is that if two bullets have the same chemical signatures, they must have been made at the same time from the same batch of smelted lead. British firearms expert Jonathan Spencer, from the forensic services firm Keith Borer Consultants in Durham, says it is also common for this link to be made in court cases in Britain.
But New Scientist has learned that this assumption is plain wrong.
Like all those who work for or pay taxes too  a corrupt rotten Govt that richly deserves death.Death so that the rest of the world may

@_date: 2002-04-24 02:52:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: AP on TechTV 
Anyone got an URL for this site? What a great idea for a beat up,like setting a SUV on fire to demonstrate safety issues.
The other scenario that springs to mind is one of the plethora of Security companies staking claims on the latest net goldrush.Doesnt mean us goodfella's shouldn't have our own page for APster candidates though,alls fair in luv and war,and APster is only war by other means.To refresh everyones memory,techtv asked me for an interview but I never heard back from them after I requested some sprucing up $$$ to go on TV.In one more week it will be 11 months since my notebook was ripped off by frightened P.I.Gs.APster sure seems to frighten the fuck out of the fools.Its valuable for that if nothing else.FREE JIM BELL!UNGAG CJ! KILL the PRESIDENT! (my 2$)

@_date: 2002-04-24 02:42:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Dead cowboys wage peace on the Internet, 
>>"Witnessing hi-tech firms dive into China is like watching the Gadarene reading peter? I hope Peter Treis employers know how concerned about our human rights he is.I must package up some of his contributions here and mail em off to bidzos.
 >>"cDc does not consider > Web defacements or Denial of Service (DoS) attacks to be legitimate > hacktivist actions. The former is nothing more than hi-tech vandalism, and > the latter, an assault on free speech."<<
DoS shut down WEF in NYC and some web 'defacements' are more like improvements and may even aspire to art.
Does cDc have some alternative?
Besides the stale old backdoor BO.What have you done for us lately o your bovine highnesses?
 >>"There is no such thing as electronic civil disobedience."<<
The hell there aint.WTF was the WEF DoS? It wasnt the 1st either,there was one during Quebec.
 >>"hacktivists are waging > peace, not war. "<<
You lose.
 >>"Hacktivists could become > something akin to a United Nations peacekeeping force."<<
More insulting naivete.Whats next...the hacktavist peacecorp?
 >>"But it does raise the > question: why are we put in the position of doing this work? With billions of > dollars in government budgets at their disposal, when are the world's liberal > democracies going to put some of their resources into opening up the > Internet? We know they don't care about human rights policy when it conflicts > with jobs at home; but what about international security? As Beijing > continues to play the patriotism card domestically, a more open Internet > could diffuse traditional xenophobia through greater one-on-one interaction > on-line. > > But until Western governments become engaged, ..."<<
Insults our intelligence,the cia have invested in a China cracking crypto Company.The CdC seem years behind the times and appear to want to lead from the rear,and with what?empty hands flapping in the breeze.This is sad.cDc couda beena contender.The daily bleed has more revolutionary info in its little finger than Oxblood in his whole carcass.

@_date: 2002-04-23 02:21:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: long bleed. 
1526 -- New World: First (known) slave revolt in an "American" settlement
occurs, only eight years after the first slaves are transported from Africa
to the Americas.
1873 -- France: Luigi Lucheni lives. An adherent of "propaganda by the
deed," he killed the impiratrice Elisabeth of Austria. See the Anarchist
Encyclopedia page,
Sacco and Vanzetti.
This is our career & our triumph.
Never in our full life could we hope to do such work for tolerance, for
justice, for man's understanding of man as now we do by accident. Our words
 our lives  our pains  nothing! The taking of our lives  lives of a
good shoemaker & a poor fish peddler  all!
That last moment belongs to us  that agony is our triumph."
1897 -- Italy: In Rome the anarchist Pietro Acciarto, 26, attempts to stab
the king of Italy, Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader Humbert 1st. Tried &
sentenced May 28, following a parody of a trial, Acciarto gets life in
1898 -- Adrien Perrissaguet (1898-1972) lives, Limoges. Founder of
"L'association des fidiralistes anarchistes" & the weekly magazine "The
Libertarian Voice" & "Combat syndicaliste". An activist in the Sacco &
Vanzetti committee, he also fought in the Spanish Revolution of 1936 & was
a member of the French Resistance during WWII.
1972 -- US: 50,000 in New York City & 30,000 in San Francisco march against
the war in Vietnam/Southeast Asia.
1996 -- US: Nonviolent activists (ETS! readers!) Tom & Donna
Howard-Hastings cut down three poles supporting the U.S. Navy's nuclear
submarine radio "trigger", Clam Lake, Wisconsin. The antenna collapsed &
left the Navy unable to launch a first strike for several days.
2001 -- US: Black Bloc Marches for Women's Reproductive Rights in
Washington, DC.
A hot & sunny day today, didn't deter 50 anarchists from Baltimore &
Washington, DC from donning their famous black-clad gear & joining the NOW
Emergency March for Women's Reproductive Rights. They join over 4000 other
supporters of abortion rights for several hours of speakers & music. The
rally was followed by a feisty march past the Supreme Court & around the US
The trial of Jesus of Nazareth, the trial & rehabilitation of Joan of Arc,
any one of the witchcraft trials in Salem during 1691, the Moscow trials of
1937 during which Stalin destroyed all of the founders of the 1924 Soviet
Revolution, the Sacco-Vanzetti trial of 1920 through 1927--there are many
trials such as these in which the victim was already condemned to death
before the trial took place, & it took place only to cover up the real
meaning: the accused was to be put to death.
These are trials in which the judge, the counsel, the jury, & the witnesses
are the criminals, not the accused. For any believer in capital punishment,
the fear of an honest mistake on the part of all concerned is cited as the
main argument against the final terrible decision to carry out the death
There is the frightful possibility in all such trials as these that the
judgment has already been pronounced & the trial is just a mask for murder.
 Katherine Anne Porter, The Never-Ending Wrong

@_date: 2002-04-23 01:38:34
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Wired goof. 
Claim: Wired isn't the goofy tech cousin in a fashion-conscious family
That's what the Conde Nast bosses tell David Carr. Editorial director James Truman says Wired editor Chris Anderson is just right for the job. "I liked that he had been trained as a scientist and that he played bass in a New Wave band and was a bike messenger in Washington," he says. "He is truly a techno-freak, immersed in the culture of video games with a constellation of perspectives that is a little bit geeky and little bit rock 'n roll." Former Industry Standard CEO John Battelle on Anderson: "Like many people, I am waiting for the full expression of his editorial philosophy." (New York Times/reg. req.)
I'm waiting for him to cut some dead wood...like mr mcCatohead,declan poliblechh.His latest is hilarious...how to manage your own

@_date: 2002-04-23 00:58:06
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Diffie needs killing. 
From poliblechh
"Diffie is also famous as the inventor of the Public Key Encryption concept that underlies secure electronic commerce and is recognized in security and intelligence circles worldwide as an authority on information technology security issues."
Wasn't there some bloke called martin Hellman in there somewhere!? WTF?
Sun microsystems is an overcharging capitalist beast grown fat on corporate welfare and theft from public infrastructure at stanford U.Its headed by a republican party contributer who spits in peoples faces that "your privacy is dead,get over it."Whiffie boy may be working there to head off the tyrannic beast of Redmond but taking the enemies $ puts him in the APster firing line.I dont care if he invented hard core pornography.It would be poetic justice for an encrypted anonymous reward raised online be paid for the closest prediction of his fall under a bus.(my 2$)

@_date: 2002-04-21 23:57:16
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: State murder of raymond le science. 
1812 -- England: Luddites. Food riot at Tintwistle &
machinery destroyed at Rhodes' woollen cloth mill.
1834 -- 30,000 march for freedom of trade unionists
transported to Australia from Tolpuddle, Britain.
1882 -- US: Congress passes the Chinese Exclusion Act,
which makes it unlawful for Chinese laborers to enter the
US for the next 10 years & denies naturalized citizenship
to the Chinese already here. Details:
1894 -- US: Workers storm the prison in La Salle, Illinois
& liberate striking miners.
1913 -- Andre Soudy, French anarchist, member of the
Bonnot Gang, executed. Also Raymond Callemin, another
member, who had started the individualist paper
"L'anarchie" with Victor Serge.
1921 -- US: Police fire on striking miners in Butte,
1967 -- Greece: CIA-assisted right-wing coup deposes
elected civilian government, military junta takes over.
1968 -- Armando Borghi (1882-1968) dies. Important
Italian anarchist figure, propagandist. Friend of Malatesta's,
secretary of the large Unione Anarchica Italiana (UAI) as
well as the head of the Italian Syndicalist Union (USI) in
1972 -- US: Protesters in El Paso, Texass, pelt Beloved
& Respected Comrade Leader General Westmoreland,
who is always winning in Vietnam, with tomatoes.
1972 -- Canada: Alberta Indians end six month sit-in at
Indian Affairs office in Edmonton.
2001 -- Korea: Demonstrations nationwide, enraged over
the murderous police crackdown on a peaceful labor rally of
workers laid off by Daewoo Motors, which left 45 workers
seriously injured.
Make no laws whatever concerning speech & speech
will be free; so soon as you make a declaration on
paper that speech shall be free, you will have a
hundred lawyers proving that "freedom does not mean
abuse, nor liberty license"; & they will refine & define
freedom out of existence.
Let the guarantee of free speech be in every man's
determination to use it, & we shall have no need of
paper declarations. On the other hand, so long as the
people do not care to exercise their freedom, those
who wish to tyrannize will do so...
 Voltairine de Cleyre,
Anarchism & American Traditions
 From the daily bleed.

@_date: 2002-04-21 23:48:33
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Guatamala;the peasants are revolting. 
Guatemala Peasants Take Plantations By Sergio De Leon Associated Press Writer Thursday, April 18, 2002; 9:53 PM GUATEMALA CITY -- Hundreds of peasants across northern Guatemala have seized 14 coffee plantations and blocked highways to protest the country's unfair distribution of farmland, officials said. Another group of protesters briefly blocked the main highway connecting the Guatemalan capital with the country's south early Thursday, but authorities reported that they were able to take down barricades of borders and branches and reopen the road after several hours. Throughout the day Wednesday, farmers' groups in the northern provinces of Alta Verapaz, Quiche and Huehuetenango stormed and occupied 14 private and state-owned coffee plantations. There were no reported injures in the uprisings. Despite government efforts to negotiate peaceful resolutions to the standoffs, protesters still controlled the plantations and their more than 12,300 acres of farmland late Thursday, said Daniel Pascual, head of the National Association of Peasant Organizations, the group which organized the uprisings. The organization said it presented a series of petitions to the Agricultural Ministry asking officials to decentralize control of large rural plantations. It has also asked the legislature to authorize more than dlrs 53 million in agricultural aid to 750 farmers' groups. ******************************* Alternative Press Review -  Your Guide Beyond the Mainstream PO Box 4710 - Arlington, VA 22204 Infoshop.org -  News Kiosk -  _______________________________________________ infoshop-news mailing list infoshop-news

@_date: 2002-04-19 19:54:44
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Blowfish news 
"...now through April 22nd everything on our Butt Sex Products page is 15% "For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbors, and laugh at them in our turn?" -- Jane Austen

@_date: 2002-04-19 15:26:52
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Enter the Ninja. 
TORNADOES SPARE PORN SHOPS: From a Thursday, April 18 posting in RAME arrives the following:
"Here in the Metroplex of Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas we observed very unstable clouds all afternoon Tuesday, which finally rotated during rush hour into three tornadoes, one touching down less than a half mile from a string of customer-filled "porn shops" on the eastern boundary of Fort Worth, in what formally was an unincorporated area of the county. About the same time, another tornado demolished much of the old downtown section of another eastern Fort Worth neighboring community less than five miles from the "porn epicenter", and leveled a church in the process. Thank to "the Grace of God," as quoted by the news media, no one was in the church at the time and there were no injuries. The point of all this, is my question, if things had been reversed, and the tornado had struck the cluster of porn shops instead of the church, how quickly would the same media have called it 'The Wrath of God'? Just an observation."
Voyager 7 glibly responded: "This is why I get such a kick out of the feeble-minded people who believe there is a god. Now for science. Tornadoes are steered away from major metropolitan areas by these area's 'urban heat island effect'. This is why they always brush the outskirts of an urban area, preferring easy pickings such as trailer courts and churches. You ever see the heat signature rising from a decent, well-stocked smut emporium? If there was ever an air war in this country, it's been documented in Air Force training manuals, that if you are dog fighting over an urban area, and have a heat seeking missile bearing down on your ass, to fly into the heated upward column over the nearest smut shack and the enemy's missile will get confused and drop harmlessly away, preferably into a church."

@_date: 2002-04-16 19:52:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Venezuala;rapid response of independent online journalism 
"Cypherpunks stand for making the United States just another bunch of contiguous geographic regions.Strong crypto is to give a handful of people the power to undermine statist authorities and imperial capitals.
Until recently, a pervasive sense of there-is-no-alternative left us with a debilitating pessimism. Seattle was, arguably, the long-awaited antidote. Where social democracy had seen the power of capital and was cowed by it, the Seattle protesters recognized that building a decent world meant actively resisting it. In this defiant understanding that resistance creates the space for hope."

@_date: 2002-04-16 17:41:09
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: UK, Blunkett Mobbed by Protestors 
JUSTICE FOR MARK BARNSLEY- PO BOX 381, HUDDERSFIELD, HD1 3XX TEL:07944 522001 E MAIL: barnsleycampaign www:freemarkbarnsley.com PRESS RELEASE 13TH APRIL 2002 EMBARGO: NONE BLUNKETT MOBBED BY PROTESTERS ! Home Secretary and Sheffield MP David Blunkett was forced to run the gauntlet of over 50 protesters at his Sheffield surgery today. Police had to clear a path to allow the Home Secretary to leave the surgery after his vehicle was surrounded by protesters angry at the continued imprisonment of Sheffield man Mark Barnsley. Eggs were thrown and David Blunkett was described by one passer-by as looking afraid. The protest was part of a day of action organised by supporters of Mark Barnsley,jailed in 1995 for 12 years . Mark Barnsley  a political @ activist of long-standing- was attacked by a group of drunken students while out with his new baby and a friend. Despite clear evidence that it was Barnsley who was attacked, he was charged with GBH and subsequently convicted. Supporters have long argued that in other circumstances it would have been the students on trial, and suspect that the police and political establishment in Sheffield saw the possibility of ridding themselves of a thorn in their side. Mark Barnsleys conviction is now being investigated by the Criminal Cases Review Commission. For more info,contact 07944 522001

@_date: 2002-04-16 16:56:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RE: overcoming ecash deployment problems (Re: all about 
>>Bill, I'm not sure exactly what you're trying to say here, but the 'threaten to run you over in the parking lot' story involves an NSA officer threatening to smush Jim Bidzos (then CEO of RSA Data Security) for selling strong crypto on the open market,<<
To help prop up totalitarian repressive murder regimes like China.I wouldn't brag about that you petrie dish.
  not RSA threatening to smush a patent violator. <<
They never leant on phill Zimmerman either,swear on a stack of putrid petrie dish's
Check 'Crypto' as well as the archives. Peter <<
While your there, check the rancid petrie dish's recent form on informing.(Fucking scum needs killing.(my 2cents.)

@_date: 2002-04-15 19:24:36
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Modern Times and  Josiah Warren: The First American Anarchist. 
1874 -- Josiah Warren dies, Boston Massachusetts. Author of True
Civilization & Equitable Commerce.
Warren founded several equity stores, based on the idea of exchanging
goods for an equivalent amount of labor & the principle that cost should be
the limit of price. He established three utopian colonies; the most
successful (1851c.1860) was Modern Times (now Brentwood), Long Island, N.Y.
See William Bailie, Josiah Warren: The First American Anarchist (1906). See
also James J. Martin's bibliographical essay in his Men Against the State:
The Expositors of Individualist Anarchism in America, 1827-1908.
1919 -- Ireland: Limerick General Strike in full swing, in the face of
British military occupation: workers run the city as a 'soviet',
maintaining utilities & transport, issuing their own newspaper & currency,
& regulating food supply (food depots established & food sold at below
market prices, profiteering prevented).
1926 -- England: Emma Goldman lectures on "The Menace of Dictatorship:
Bolshevist or Fascist," with British feminist Sylvia Pankhurst & William C.
Owen at Essex Hall.
Goldman is in London until the end of the month, for a series of six
lectures on dramatists, including O'Neill, Ibsen, Susan Glaspell, & the
German expressionists; she also delivers the same lectures in Yiddish as
well as lecturing on Yiddish drama.
Goldman continues her work for political prisoners in Russia, focusing her
efforts on imprisoned women; enlists the support of influential women
politicians like Lady Astor. Dr. Ben Reitman & his family visit Goldman.
1931 -- Spain: A Republic is proclaimed. Alfonso XIII crosses paths on his
way out of Spain with hundreds of returning exiles, among them the
anarchists Buenaventura Durruti & Francisco Ascaso.
[Details, click here]
A colleague of Durruti & Ascaso, Juan Garcma Oliver, recalled in 1937 (by
then a minister of the Republic) the years of struggle when many anarchist
militants such as Sugar Baby Salvador Segui perished.
Juan GARCMA OLIVER, (Archive footage): Our anarchist group was formed in
1923. The gangs of gunmen from the employer-sponsored Sindicato Libre were
all but masters of the city & the police were conniving in the destruction
of our organisations & our personnel. We came together & set up an
anarchist group, an action group to take on the gunmen, the bosses & the
And we achieved our aim. We beat them.
1937 -- Spain: "Friends of Durruti Group," (former anarchists in the
Durruti Column) issues a Manifesto opposing commemoration of the
anniversary of the Republic, arguing it is merely a pretext for reinforcing
bourgeois institutions & the counterrevolution.
1986 -- Libya: US aircraft attacks five "terrorist" locations, killing
numerous civilians, in Tripoli & Benghazi, & assassinating the daughter of
Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader Qaddafi. The Reagan troika took a poll
before, & found that 66% of Americans approved of killing babies. Pretext
is a terrorist act in Germany attributed flimsily to a Libyan-trained group
which today remains in dispute (including possible CIA involvement).
1988 -- France: Goodbye Daniel Guerin. Dies, age 84 years. One of France's
best known revolutionary activists & thinkers, author of books such as
Fascism & Big Business; 100 Years of Labor in the USA; Anarchism; Ni Dieu,
ni Mantre: anthologie du mouvement libertaire (1965).
Within France Guerin was a well known libertarian communist, not only for
his prolific writings, but also as a long standing trade union militant of
the CGT; as a veteran anti-imperialist who supported the victims of French
aggression in Indo-China, Algeria & the Kanaks of New Caledonia; as a
fighter for gay rights (he was bisexual) in the 'Homosexual Front for
Revolutionary Action'.
In French, see the listing in Ephimiride anarchiste:

@_date: 2002-04-15 16:06:44
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Wired on the ropes,to go into homeland defence? 
Wired's redesign respects mag's past, but is somewhat radical, too
The revamped Wired has lots of new features, reports Dan Fost, but "the magazine still looks like Wired -- edgy, bright, modern." There aren't as many neon colors, though, he notes. Wired has been hit hard by the tech advertising slump, and Fost wonders how long Conde Nast will support the title. "Historically, owner Si Newhouse has backed financially challenged publications, such as Vanity Fair and the New Yorker, if he believed in the project. But [MIN editor in chief Steven] Cohn speculated that Newhouse closing the fashion magazine Mademoiselle last year may indicate the company is less tolerant of taking big losses." (San Francisco Chronicle)

@_date: 2002-04-15 15:46:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Big bang outside the Ding Dong Dang 
Two men were killed and six wounded in the most violent weekend to strike Sydney since the Milperra bikie massacre.
Police are investigating if the shootings, one at a Kings Cross hotel early yesterday, the other at a Surry Hills karaoke bar late on Saturday night, are related.
Ivan Au Phan, 18, died in hospital shortly after being shot outside the Ding Dong Dang karaoke bar in Randle Street.
A 21-year-old man, whose name has not been released, was shot dead outside the Buddha Bar at the Kings Cross Hotel after a brawl spilled out onto Darlinghurst Road. Four others involved in the fight, including a 15-year-old youth, were admitted to nearby hospitals suffering from gunshot wounds or lacerations.
In the other incident, two men were wounded outside a club at Mount Pritchard.
Wish they'd all get e-guns from metalstorm.

@_date: 2002-04-15 15:40:53
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The Israel-South Efrikkka twin test of 79. 
With Isreal looking more and more like the old south africa comes this reminder of their shared nuclear test of 1979.
As well as the double flash,raised levels of radioavtivity were found in the thyroid glands of sheep in au.
Our struggle is to encourage people to dissolve power and return it to the hands of humanity. What people do with that power is out of our hands. It is very important that people are critical of all decisions made via direct democracy and anarchy, but we will be powerless to stop it, if ultimately, that is what people choose. Now, I have enough faith in humanity that people will not come to a consensus which destroys humanity. This is why I'm comfortable with anarchy, and what anarchist societies will ultimately do with technology.

@_date: 2002-04-15 15:22:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Professors human and civil rights violated. 
Psy-ops downunder
by profrv 10:58pm Mon Apr 15 '02
I had to see a psychologist today.If I had refused I was threatened with committal.I was forced to answer hearsay allegations twice removed with no evidence or witness statements.Denial of natural justice seems second nature to the States mental health services.They are acting as an arm of the secret police and possibly the secret police of an "axis of evil',nation.(China,Iran and the US.)
I need slater and gordon style legal aid to bring a case of abuse of human and civil rights ASAP.The sixth ammendment of the US constitution states that an accused has the right to face their accusers.I saw Lisa Warren at the brunswick st forensic corporate style clinic,I was driven there by adolph Eich...sorry,julian jamieson of Oliver House,Kyneton.
I was supposed to see a Dr Lester,he had had a traffic accident and couldnt make it.(thank you our lady of perpetual succor!)They are a long way off cornering this rat.When and if that day comes I will have on a full metal jacket cause you can fuck with some people some of the time but you cant fuck with all the people all the time

@_date: 2002-04-15 15:15:34
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Ellison needs killing 
Ante up.I anonymous cypherpunk 'X' will pledge and promise to pay the person or persons unknown that most closely predicts the time of larries permanent retirement from politics.Proof in the form of videotape and/or dna forensic evidence should ensure fastest financial settlement.My pledge is low as I am poor but for larry I would be prepared to pay for the rest of my life say 2$ a week indexed to inflation.Lets get this road on the show.
Above based on the writings of Jim Bell, who posted an essay entitled Assassination Politics. Bell postulated that the emerging technologies of encryption, which makes Internet messages untraceable, and "digital cash", which makes money untraceable, could pave the way for a new world order
A website could be set up running a "lottery" for the successful "predictions" of the deaths of overbearing public officials. Using encryption and digital cash the whole exercise would be within the law because the person who made the successful "prediction" would be anonymous and their reward would be untrackable, Mr Bell wrote.FROM

@_date: 2002-04-15 14:43:03
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Agent Faustine sues snackycake company,"You go girl!" 
Weight Lawsuit
A New York woman is suing a snack food company for $50 million, saying the label on its Pirate's Booty corn and rice puffs foiled her diet. Meredith Berkman, 37, claims that because the snack contained three times more fat than advertised, she suffered "weight gain ... mental anguish, outrage and indignation." Pirate's Booty was recalled by Robert's American Gourmet Food in January, after Good Housekeeping found it contained 147 calories and 8.5 grams of fat, not 120 calories and 2.5 grams of fat as stated on the label. The company blamed the discrepancy on new machinery that changed the nutritional information on three of its snacks.
All people of all nations must be free. I always suspected the Internet could make this a reality; now I truly believe it.
"Immediately after established governments have been overthrown, communes will have to reorganise themselves along revolutionary lines . . . In order to defend the revolution, their volunteers will at the same time form a communal militia. But no commune can defend itself in isolation. So it will be necessary to radiate revolution outward, to raise all of its neighbouring communes in revolt . . . and to federate with them for common defence." [_No Gods, No Masters_, vol. 1,

@_date: 2002-04-14 17:52:37
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist Papillon. 
1901 - French anarchist Clement Duval, with eight other
prisoners, put to sea in a fragile canoe & silently made
for the open sea. It was in the dead of night, & no guards
noticed the escape until the next day.
After 14 years in the Guyana prison & over 20 escape
attempts, Duval is successful, making it to NY where he
lived to age 85.
Sent on Eudora.
1909 - American writer Eudora Welty lives, Jackson,
Mississippi. Wrote The Robber Bridegroom; Losing Battles
better read some teddy D after...
1912 - Theodore Dreiser sails home from Europe on the
Kroonland, too miserly to pay for passage aboard the
1919 - Eugene Debs imprisoned for opposition to WWI.
Socialist, pacifist, & labor leader. While in prison he
received over one million votes for President in 1920.
While there is a lower class, I am in it;
While there is a criminal element, I am of it;
While there is a soul in prison, I am not free!
Aint hirstory fun!
1949 - Marie-Louise Berneri, anarchist activist, author,
1950 - Hoche Arthur Meurant, French anarchist, anarcho-
syndicalist, antimilitarist, dies.
Well maybe not,but we all gotta go sometime.
1976 - $2 bill re-introduced as United States currency.
Protesters unite, "Buck the System!"
If we just keep trying...
1980 -- Josi Ester Borras (1913-1980) dies.
Spanish anarchist, active in the resistance in France & in the
Mauthausen concentration camp, & co-founder of the Spanish
Federation of Former Political prisoners & camp inmates (FEDIP).
Mauthausen;punishment camp for Auswichtz!
Of all the upness accessible to mortals,
there is no upness
comparable to the mountains.
 John Muir
And no downness like falling 150 feet from a treesit.[]
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- A woman who climbed 150 feet up a tree to protest a
timber sale fell and died from her injures before rescuers could reach the
remote site in the Mount Hood National Forest.

@_date: 2002-04-14 17:45:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchists in Venezuela 
Dear comrades,
With regards to the current situation, it appears necessary to express the opinion of those who desire accuracy (1), therefore we wish to send this message, to show our consternation with this afternoon's events.
As is usual, the mean and miserable darkness of power scorns any respect for life and freedom. This never-ending crime of the State and of all vertical systems is revealing itself here and now in the demonstrations which are demanding the resignation of the president of Venezuela.
The political scene got tense a few days ago when [workers of] the oil company, PetrOleos de Venezuela, went on strike, showing its difference with the decisions the president had taken with regards to personnel. They demanded the return of the sacked workers and the validity of meritocracia (2) in the company.
To this end, thousands headed towards the governmental Miraflores Palace,with the goal of making Chavez resign. In this protest, the same as in the other ones which took place before it, a counter-protest also took place,called by the official powers, demonstrating the puppetry used by those who are in power. On the on hand, the Chavez supporters, pushing his authoritarian Bolshevik schemes, and on the other hand, the opposition,composed of the middle-class who see their feuds of power at risk, and the subjects of the ghosts who usually turn out to be the scoundrels of the moment who end up handing the post over to some lieutenant colonel (without using capital letters nor any type of respect) who does not seem to want to share the spoil with them.
The results so far are nine dead (according to the bourgeois press) and dozens of injured by snipers on the rooftops of nearby buildings and by national guards who are trying to break up the demonstration, and also by a few civil friends (3) of the president, who are taking part in the officalist demo, unloading their pistols against the demonstrators as if they were playing a video game.
Sadly, amongst the people who are taking part in this march, we have not found any form of an answer. While the opposition wishes to kick out the current president, it does not seem to have in mind what should come after.
The only solution it seems to offer is a return to the old game of you-go-away-and-I-take-over, which makes any sort of change difficult. It is depressing to see how human beings can die in a struggle for power which will only serve to keep them under control.
As anarchists we are not for Chavez nor for any other president. We think that now more than ever our labour must show the people that the problem is not this president, or the one that will come after, but rather the vertical system of representative democracy. We must fight to show alternative systems of horizontal organisation, which, while it might not be put into practice on a large scale in the near future, will create a conscience so that in the future, instead of demonstrating to replace our tyrant, we will eliminate any type of governmental parasite forever, and begin to be each one of us the owner of our own lives. The way towards a libertarian world is process, not a single event.
a. By Acratic (4) individuals and collectives in Venezuela.
b. Neither the army nor right-wing businessmen!
c. Free and self-managed grassroots rebellion and organisation
(1) Meaning "no power," a term frequently used by Spanish-speaking anarchists to describe themselves.
(2) Literally, "the power of merits," as a guess, possibly s sort of productivity bonus scheme.
(3) Presumably the "Cmrculos Boliviarianos," the Venezuelan equivalence to the Cuban Revolutionary Defence Committees.
(4) The adjective used to describe "no power."
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Workers Solidarity Alliance - version espanol

@_date: 2002-04-14 17:42:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Protest Week in Washington A19-22 
Longish list.
A19-22: Schedule of Events for Protest Week in Washington
  posted by Reverend Chuck0
   A pretty comprehensive list of all the events, protests and actions that are happening in Washington, DC this coming week. If you miss this week, organize some anti-capitalist mayhem at home, or come to D.C. in October to help us shut the city down. [...]

@_date: 2002-04-14 17:40:23
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Venezuelan Generals Backing Interim President are SOA 
Venezuelan Generals Backing Interim President are SOA Grads
Army Commander in Chief Efrain Vasquez and General Ramirez Poveda, two of the major military backers of a transitional government, received training at the notorious US Army School of the Americas (SOA). Vasquez attended the school from January 23rd to December 2nd, 1988, taking a course called "Command and General Staff Officer Training". General Ramirez took a course called "Auto Maintenance Officer Training" from May 8th to August 11th, 1972.
With military backing, Pedro Carmona, president of business leaders association Fedecameras, has assumed the position of interim president.
The SOA, renamed in 2001 the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation (WHISC), is a combat training school for Latin American soldiers, located at Fort Benning, Georgia. SOA graduates are consistently involved in human rights abuses and atrocities throughout Latin America.
SOA Watch is still researching, with concern, the events in Venezuela. The involvement of SOA trained militaries follows a clear pattern in Latin America. Former Congressperson Joseph Kennedy, stated "the US Army School of the Americas...is a school that has run more dictators than any other school in the history of the world." In total, the school has produced at least eleven Latin American dictators. Its graduates include, among others, Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega, Major General Guillermo Rodriguez (who overthrew Ecuador's elected government and became dictator), Major General Juan Velasco (who did the same in Peru), Lieutenant General Roberto Viola and Lieutenant General Leopoldo Galtieri (responsible for Argentina's "Dirty War"), Bolivian General Hugo Banzer Suarez (who despite murdering labor leaders and opposition politicians and sheltering a Nazi war criminal, was honored as a member of the SOA Hall of Fame in 1988), Major General Guido Vildoso (military dictator of Bolivia), Brigadier General Juan Melgar Castro (military dictator of Honduras), and Josi Eframn Montt (dictator of Guatemala).
In an attempt to diffuse public criticism and to disassociate the school from its reputation the Pentagon renamed the SOA in 2001 the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation. SOA Watch maintains that the underlying purpose of the school, to control the economic and political systems of Latin America through aiding and influencing Latin American militaries, remains the same.
SOA Watch, founded in 1990, is a national, grassroots conscience-based group committed to human rights and the promotion of democracy. With offices in Columbus, GA, Washington DC and chapters in communities and on campuses around the country, our goal is to work in solidarity with the people of Latin America and to close the SOA/WHISC.
For background information about the situation in Venezuela visit: Converge in Washington DC from April 19-22, 2002 to show your opposition to the continued SOA violence in Colombia and throughout Latin America. Take part in blockades and die-ins as part of a massive nonviolent direct action in the congressional district on Monday, April 22. For more information visit:

@_date: 2002-04-14 16:44:35
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Amsterdam; tens of thousands on streets for palestine. 
Today I think at least 20-30 thousand people demonstrated for the liberation of the palestinian people. It was incredible. I arrived late from the biodiversity protests in The Hague fearing I missed the maybe a few thousand people I was expecting, only to arrive in a sea of palestina shawls that couldn't be contained by the Dam square. I don't usually care for numbers mutch but because of all the media lies you get to swallow you are thinking noone really cares, and this demonstration was only set up two weeks ago. People were from several dozens of cultures took part and I wasn't bored for a second! Most of the anarchists and squatters sticked with the less religious groups. The atmosphere was really relaxed, although a group of a hundred hezbollah supporters were very rude. Tension arose when police sealed off the area where the demo was planned to go, near the American and Israelian consulates. Also, police tried to confiscate banners stating things like 'sharon=hitler' because the mayor had decided that was antisemitic. An occasional window was broken but nothing really happened and a lot of people, some from the organisation and a lot spontaneously really tried to keep police and random troublemakers apart. When the march was forced to return to the Dam, some rioting started. Some people were burning an Israeli flag on one side of the square, while riot police were concentrated on the other, so they went in to a full charge, with a dozen horses as well, to reach the other side of the Dam going right through the middle of the demonstration trampling people, with elderly and children being there and all. So several hundred people, some of them to be honest waiting for the occasion, attacked riot police and Hotel Krasnapolski with rocks and sticks. People vented their anger and justly so, although for a lot of kids it was more a game, imitating intifada scenes and shouting jihad jihad, while they were often throwing stuff from behind others witch is always such a bloody stupid thing to do. While people from the organisation tried to calm people, they were often attacked as well by police, and were some journalists (and some journalists were attacked by activists so the scene got very confusing) After some time of relative calm police decided the demonstration would be ended and they would clear all the square. Snatch squads roamed around grabbing random Maroccan boys. Right in front of me riote police stormed in to a common drug store throwing down the shelves and dragging out a Morroccan guy who they threw to the ground and jumped upon and kept on beating him while he was down. A photographer making photo's next to me was then attacked but we managed to drag each other out of it with a few bruises. Dutch state tv of course mentioned a much lower numer of protesters, although tenthousand changed into thenthousands in the later bulletin. Of course, the main issue was the group of young troublemakers mostly from west-Amsterdam and Morroccan by origin. They were the most inflamed group and some were irritating threatening punks not to drink beer, but of course it isn't mentioned Amsterdam police absolutely hates them and takes up the least provocation to have a go at them. This was very inspiring for me. It was the largest protest since the EU summit in Amsterdam, 1997. I hope people in Palestine hear that there is so much solidarity in Amsterdam and Berlin, London, Rome, that we reject our crap government that's not undertaking anything against the violence. -- + We have a new PGP key -  + Vrienden van GroenFront! | EarthFirst! Netherlands Support Group NO COMPROMISE IN DEFENSE OF MOTHER EARTH! ++  ++ ++ mailto:vrienden ++ PO BOX 85069 3508 AB Utrecht Netherlands Giro 4370351 tnv Steungroep NVDA te Utrecht ovv GroenFront! Voicemail/fax: +31 84 8666018

@_date: 2002-04-14 16:34:30
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "disruptive technology" 
"...network computing is a classic case of what Clayton Christensen, author of The Innovator's Dilemma, calls a disruptive technology. It doesn't fit easily into existing business models or containers. It will belong to the upstarts, who don't have anything to lose, and the risk-takers among the big companies, who are willing to bet more heavily on the future than they do on the past."AT This sounds exciting only we better kill larry,"the network is the computor," ellison before he gets a swelled head.

@_date: 2002-04-14 15:58:56
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Would you please bend over? I dropped my SOAP. 
And one for the petrie dish
The vultures are circling for you Peter.

@_date: 2002-04-14 15:23:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Is Josh Gordon a johnny walker? 
Letter to a young Muslim
'What lies behind the vicarious pleasure is not a feeling of strength, but a terrible weakness. The people of Indo-China suffered more than any Muslim country at the hands of the US government. They were bombed for 15 whole years and lost millions of their people. Did they even think of bombing America? Nor did the Cubans or the Chileans or the Brazilians. The last two fought against the US-imposed military regimes at home and finally triumphed. Today, people feel powerless. And so when America is hit they celebrate. They don't ask what such an act will achieve, what its consequences will be and who will benefit. Their response, like the event itself, is purely symbolic'
( Tariq Ali via Guardian )
Ain't it grand, sitting with a porn queen
Vignettes from the 54th Annual Conference on World Affairs, held this week at the University of Colorado
( Simon Hoggart via Guardian )
Probably the first article to compare Danni Ashe with the Queen Mum
See also this list of participants
For links go to...

@_date: 2002-04-14 14:50:49
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: IMF,Big Oil Coup in Venezuela. 
Extract from Who wants to be president for a day?
Just such a power grab was predicted in a February 2002 Narco News article, which stated that "the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and Morgan Stanley have come out in support of a 'transitional government' for Venezuela, supporting Chavez's removal from office."
After trying a coup in 1992, Chavez won the Venezuelan Presidency in 1998 and 2000, holding 57% of the votes on the last one. Since then Chavez became an "imposed leader" of the bolivarianos social movement and installed a "democracy" that annoyed not only IMF but also the oil oligarchy and the church. Using an enormous popularity Chavez had planned the bolivariana revolution to last until 2013 and implement an unprecedented number of reforms. He was openly opposed to FTAA and maintained a close friendship with Fidel Castro, assuring that Venezuela sell oil to Cuba at preferential prices. In other words, as "outside the whale" said in a comment posted to Indymedia, "Hugo pissed off the Oil Cos. The Oil Cos. conducted a coup. The Oil Cos. used media propaganda to provoke a civilian opposition. In short The Oil Cos. are in control not the people of Venezuela. Gee, Venezuela sounds kinda like America..." See also
Pilger;Chile must not happen again.

@_date: 2002-04-14 14:37:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Can the IRA break "light encryption." 
The IRA Have Won!!
by break out the bubbly 7:15pm Sun Apr 14 '02 (Modified on 8:28pm Sun Apr 14 '02)
The IRA has pulled off the most alarming intelligence coup in decades, managing to steal discs containing the names and addresses of every Special Branch officer, the codenames of informers and the information they supplied.
from : "The war in Ulster is over. The IRA just won."
by Kevin Myers.
Appeared in THE SUNDAY AGE (Melbourne), April 14,2002.
"On St. Patrick's night, March 17, a three-man raid on Castlereagh Special Branch headquarters achieved the greatest IRA penetration of British intelligence since 1920. The raiders' capture of vital computer disks constitutes a significant blow to the newly formed Police Service of Northern Ireland. Worse, it could well paralyse future intelligence-gathering operations."
"..And calamitous is the word. A vast body of lethally sensitive information has changed hands: the names and addresses of more than 250 serving and former members of Special Branch; the codenames of informers, and details of the information they have provided to the security services, all apparently only lightly encrypted, are on the captured disks. One security specialist went so far as to say: 'The war is over. And the IRA just won it.'"

@_date: 2002-04-13 19:08:21
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Background and writings of Eugene Anarchist Prisoner Roblos 
By Eugene Anarchist Prisoner Roblos Ricos:
Kangeroo Court For Political Prisoner Robert Thaxton
Mnufacturing Dissent
Travelling Autonomous Zone
(added 06/09/00)
Mutual Interview Between Rob and Anarchist Prisoner 'Free'
(added 22/01/02)
Write to rob at:
Robert Thaxton-new address:  777 Stanton Street, Ontario, OR 97914 USA
For more political prisoners and their writtings click here
Scroll down.Views of comrade R.R.not entirely necersarily those of proffesor Rat.

@_date: 2002-04-13 18:32:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "The Coming Collapse of the Age of Technology." 
"..."No one could have believed that these massive towers could just come down like this," declared an incredulous CNN reporter on September 11. They did fall, social systems and even civilizations fall, this order will fall. Creative resistance and resilience have never been so needed. Never has there been so much at stake; never has the prospect of liberation from the no-future death march of civilization been perhaps more feasible."Extract FROM
ANARCHY AFTER SEPTEMBER 11 by john Zerzan.
""Techno-economic globalization is nearing its apogee; the system is self-destructing. There is only a short but very damaging period of expansion left."

@_date: 2002-04-13 17:58:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Who_is_the_papier-m=E2ch=E9_punk=3F?= 
Dillettante,obscurantist,pompous ass,it could only be...Mongo.Dilettantes have a bad reputation.
The idea that there is value in knowing a little about a lot has fallen on hard ... Well,why do I bother?We all know he's a senile republican about to slide forever into the shark infested waters of the san andreas coast.
How did I get on this boring depressing subject? Something interestings just popped up in Krautsville,where media mogul leo Kirch has bitten the dust.The first of many internationally? Lets hope so.
What do you call 48 dead cops?
A good start.Actually its been going on some time in Nepal (South Tibet?) Directly after a major sweep by the imperial army propped up with powell patented hot air.Funny how the best laid plans of shrubs and groundhogs like Cheney go astrayThere's been a move among think tanks (particularly RAND) and policymakers to come up with ways of dealing with the "problem" of the Internet. It seems they are concerned about decentralized, popular, democratized media, and want to get busy finding ways of bringing the Internet under control, like the other mass media: newspapers, radio, film, and television. Characteristically, they use militaristic euphemisms to define the coming "netwar" of the future, which amounts to the destruction of popular democracy on the Internet in favor of centralized, sanitized Let them march all they want, so long as they continue to pay their taxes. --Attributed to Alexander Haig,

@_date: 2002-04-13 14:51:30
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The coming revolution. 
During the late 1990s, arms export regulations prevented US nationals making cryptographic software available on their web pages, or sending it abroad by email. Phil Zimmermann, the author of the popular PGP encryption program, was investigated by a Grand Jury for letting it `escape' to the Internet. The law was ridiculed by students wearing T-shirts printed with encryption source code (`Warning - this T-shirt is a munition!') and challenged in the courts as an affront to free speech. Meanwhile, European engineers made crypto software freely available.
Free Speech Online and Offline
Article arguing that 'toxic overspill from attempts to regulate the Internet' is producing laws that 'restrict traditional offline freedoms', particularly in the UK and US ( Ross Anderson via ITsecurity.com )
See also this blog entry from last month
Show us the money
'Britain is the biggest protector and nurturer of tax havens. Most are UK crown dependencies. Until the recent pressure from the OECD, the government has done little to reform them. On the domestic front, the government can levy taxes on the rich by estimating the income needed to maintain their lavish lifestyle. It can base corporate taxes on the estimated level of economic activity and market share enjoyed by corporations. It can refuse to provide government contracts to companies which abdicate their social responsibilities. It can abolish the farce of non-domiciled and non-resident tax status. But the major corporations have bought out the political system. The political will to tackle this major social abuse is missing. How long will ordinary, hard-working people continue to pay ever-rising taxes to indulge the selfish games of a rich elite?' ( Prem Sikka via Guardian )
See also this blog entry from yesterday

@_date: 2002-04-13 13:57:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Still raining,still bleeding.Death of a great american,dear 
1900 -- Puerto Rico: American Empire begins in earnest as
the island is surrendered to the US military authority.
1906 -- Francisco Ferrer, Spanish anarchist pedagogue,
continued to test the tolerance of Spanish authorities &
clerics by organizing a massive demonstration today, on
Good Friday, in support of secular education.
Marius Jacob (1879-1954), the anarchist bandit credited with
over 150 burglaries, is the original "Arsene Lupin" in the
French detective novels of Maurice Leblanc, with only slight
exagerations which made him a sensational "fictional"
1918 -- Russia: Moscow headquarters of the anarchists
surrounded & attacked by Bolshevik troops. For the past two
days Cheka, the Bolshevik secret police has carried out raids
on Moscow anarchist groups & making arrests.
"At last the Soviet government, with an iron broom,
has rid Russia of Anarchism."
 Leon Trotsky, who prepared the military
action against the anarchists
1919 -- Ireland: The Limerick Soviet of 1919.
1954 -- US: Bill Haley & the Comets record "Rock Around
the Clock" for Decca Records. The song is released the
following year when it's included in the film "Blackboard Jungle."
1966 -- US: NY Stock Exchange anti-Vietnam War leafletting.
1967 -- US: 1,500 march down the Ave. in Seattle's U-District
in opposition to Vietnam War.
1975 -- Black American sensual dancer Josephine Baker dies,
Paris, France.
1989 -- Abbie Hoffman, Yippie peace activist of the 60's,
dies at 52. Commits suicide.

@_date: 2002-04-12 14:51:07
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: One for declan Mc CATOhead,pass it on dec! 
700,000 awarded against British American Tobacco.Possible 1,000,000 fine for destroying evidence.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it you cheap shill.

@_date: 2002-04-12 14:09:34
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Longish thread on anarchist 'culture.' 
"Free thought, necessarily involving freedom of speech &
press, I may tersely define thus: no opinion a law --
no opinion a crime."
---Alexander Berkman

@_date: 2002-04-12 12:51:49
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Absolute power corrupts absolutley 
PERSONAL OBSERVATION
I9ve always been interested in the use of the term monster9 and how the
term is used to describe people whose behaviour is so aberrant and
disgusting, that they are no longer considered to be human.  The monster in
folklore, is always somebody whose physical appearance sets them apart from
the human race.  The monster becomes the other, the threat from over the
hill, another country or another planet.
Human history is littered with examples of people, whose relationships with
other human beings, is so perverse they have been labelled as monsters.  Pol
Pot, Adolf Hitler and Stalin are three 20th century monsters that are
trotted out with monotonous regularity.  Anybody who follows what9s
happening in the Middle East knows that monsters come in all shapes and
sizes.  The monster9 has been used and continues to be used to describe
cruelty that seems to be beyond human comprehension.  By describing somebody
as a monster, we feel we don9t need to describe their behaviour in human
The thing about human monsters9 that everybody forgets, is that they are
first and foremost human and they belong to the human family.  We can9t
continue to ignore why they behave in this manner.  The monster is a product
of human ideology and hierarchical structures.  It9s no accident that the
greater the monster, the greater control they have over people.  Pol Pot,
Hitler, Stalin and Kissinger would have been quaint eccentrics if they
didn9t wield State power.  The more centralised and hierarchically
structured a society, the greater the potential to create monsters who will
use all the power at their disposal, to shape the world in their image.
Monsters look, and on the surface behave like other human beings.  If I put
Hitler, Kissinger, Pol Pot and Stalin in the same room and didn9t know what
they looked like, no one would be able to pick who is and who isn9t a
monster.  Some of the great monsters of the 20th century have been urbane,
sophisticated and witty individuals who were the life of the party.  Their
transformation into monsters has occurred as they begin to wield more power.
Anarchists realise we all have the potential to become monsters, that9s why
we want to break down the hierarchical structures that place ultimate power
in the hands of one person.AND
ALL THE NEWS THAT FITS Australian Bureau of Statistics data showed part-time workers represented by unions earned 43 per cent more than their non-unionised counterparts. The data showed all union members on average earned 15 per cent more than non-unionised employees. Casuals and female union employees also had better earnings if they were in unions. Union members working in accommodation, cafes, restaurants, transport, storage and education earned on average mor e than 30 per cent extra than non-union members in their industries. Other ABS figures measuring union density indicate that union membership might be stablising after years of decline. - Australian Financial Review The US government has drafted secret plans to wage nuclear war against seven countries as well as building an arsenal of smaller nuclear devices for use in battlefield situations. A classified Pentagon report has warned that the US must be ready to use nuclear weapons against China, Russia, Iraq, North Korea, Iran, Libya and Syria and also in an Arab-Israeli conflict. The report, provided to Congress in January and signed by US defence secretary Donald Rumsfeld, said weapons could be used in 3 types of situations. The first was against targets able to withstand non-nuclear attack, the second in retaliation for attack with nuclear, biological or chemical weapons. The third was simply "in the event of surprising military developments". - The Observer. Originally reported in the Los Angeles Times. Ali Asqar Bakhtiyari's wife and five children, aged 5 to 13, were refused visas after the Refugee Review Tribunal refused to believe their claims that they are Afghan refugees. But the tribunal accepts they are Mr Bakhtiyari's family - and that he is an Afghan refugee. - Herald Sun. Refugees at Woomera detention centre say that they were given sleeping tablets without their consent. A note thrown to protestors during the 'Woomera 2002' protest, when 14 refugees escaped, said that they were given sleeping tablets in their food.

@_date: 2002-04-12 12:48:00
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: E-Gold 2 
AUSTRALIAN RADICAL HISTORY
THE EUREKA SERIES Nos. 10
TWO TRIALS
After a number of mass meetings and the burning down of the Eureka Hotel,
James Bentley the republican who was initially cleared of any involvement in
the death of the miner James Scobie, appeared in the Victorian Supreme Court
to face a charge of murder.  Catherine Bentley (his wife), John Farrel the
former Castlemaine Police Magistrate and a barman at the Eureka Hotel,
William Hance, were also charged with the same murder.   Catherine Bentley
was acquitted but James Bentley, Farrel and Hance were found guilty of
manslaughter and were sentenced to three years hard labour, a relatively
light sentence for the times.
Of the ten people who were randomly arrested from the 10,000 miners who were
at the Eureka Hotel rally when it burned down, three were committed to stand
trial for the fire.  Andrew McIntyre, Thomas Fletcher and Henry Westerby
were charged with rioting and burning down the Eureka Hotel.  After a
spirited defence by their lawyer Richard Ireland, the jury retired and
returned five hours later with a guilty verdict, but made a strong
recommendation for mercy.  The jury stated that the defendants would not
have found themselves in court on these charges, if the authorities had done
their duty and charged Bentley with murder in the first place.  The judge
gave the defendants prison sentences, ranging from three to six months.
The arbitrary nature of the arrests and the prison sentences, further
infuriated the Ballarat miners, confirming their suspicions that the courts
always acted in favour of those with power and wealth (seems little has
changed nearly a hundred and fifty years later).
Governor Hotham9s role in the court cases was questioned by the miners.  It
was felt that Hotham9s words were not matched by his deeds and he was acting
"like a martinet".  The people were crying out for land, representation and
justice, and all they continued to receive was increasingly costly miner9s
licences and more frequent licence hunts.  Faced with an almost empty
treasury and a potentially hostile population, Hotham fanned, not
extinguished the flames of discontent.  He retrenched over a 1000 public
servants and asked the Gold Commissioners to increase the licence hunts and
collect every penny owed to the State.  As the tensions rose, rumours
abounded and Governor Hotham realised that he was faced with a potentially
insurrectionary situation and needed to send more troops to maintain order
and collect licence fees on the goldfields.
  BOOK REVIEW
MASSACRE AT EUREKA - The Untold Story
Bob O9Brien, 1st Published 1992, The Sovereign Hill Museums Association
1998 Edition, ISBN 0 909 874 190
Massacre at Eureka is O9Brien9s second book.  The author has been involved
in radio and television broadcasting and lives at Clunes near Ballarat.
Friends have told me he is currently in poor health and is not expecting to
live long.  Bob had always been interested in what happened at Eureka and in
the 19809s gathered material for this book.  The material he discovered
conclusively shows that the Eureka Rebellion was a massacre.  Of the 120
miners in the stockade, around 25% were killed, most after they surrendered.
Massacre at Eureka uses source material that has never been published
before.  After a short introduction by Victoria9s State Historian Bernard
Barrett and the author, the book opens up with an eyewitness account written
by Samuel Huyghue the chief clerk of Robert Rede, the resident commissioner
and officer in charge of the Ballarat goldfields.  Huyghue9s sympathetic
account of the rebellion forms the backbone of the book.  Huyghue9s account
was written on his retirement in 1884.
The rest of the book is divided into eleven chapters, the most interesting
is chapter 7 - Contemporary Views Of The Massacre.  In chapter 7, Peter
Lalor the leader of the rebellion and Raffaello Carboni a prominent
participant tell their stories.  While a letter from the Victorian Governor
General Charles Hotham to the Secretary of State for the Colonies in London
and a letter from Captain John Wellersley the Captain Commanding the troops
of Ballarat, outlines the State9s story.
Chapter 8 - The Stockaders, has some interesting accounts by relatives of
those who took part in the rebellion.  William Atherden, one of the 114
arrested, was possibly the last survivor of the Eureka Stockade.  He died at
the age of 96 in May 1934, 80 years after the rebellion.
Massacre at Eureka is more a collection of other people9s accounts than a
real book.  Its strength lies in O9Brien9s research abilities.  Through
diligent pain staking research, he has been able to find accounts by
participants who have been ignored by other researchers and authors.  The
1998 edition is attractively presented in this easy to read 178-page account
of the Eureka Rebellion.
The book is available for $27.50 (Australian) from: The Sovereign Hill
Museum Association, Sovereign Hill Post Office, Ballarat 3350, Victoria,
AUSTRALIA, Tel:(03) 5331 1944, Fax:(03)5331 1528.

@_date: 2002-04-12 12:43:05
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: ANARCHIST Q+A: Are anarchists terrorists? 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER Q: Are anarchists terrorists? A: One of the most enduring myths about anarchists is that they are terrorists. When you examine the history of anarchism over the past 200 years, it9s hard to find examples of anarchist terrorism. Why has this myth endured for so long? The answer can be found in the nature of anarchism and the ruling class9s responses to the challenges it poses. Anarchism is based on the principle of replacing a ruler9s right to make decisions and hold wealth, with the right of the people to make their own decisions and share wealth. We live in societies that are based on the right of rulers whether elected, hereditary or appointed to make decisions. Most people find it impossible to envisage life without rulers and find it difficult to image that an anarchist society wouldn9t degenerate into a dog eat dog world, believing that the only thing that saves them from chaos is a ruler9s ability to maintain order by asserting their authority. Another reason the myth is so powerful is that at the very moment that anarchism became a moral, social and political force, it posed a challenge to the status quo in European sections of the anarchist movement, that began to follow a policy of propaganda by the deed. This strategy targeted European rulers for assassination. The special conditions in France saw a few activists, who called themselves anarchists, expand this particular strategy to include the French bourgeoisie. After the failure of the 1871 Paris Commune, one in ten of the 500,000 Communards captured, were executed by the occupying forces to teach the European working class a lesson they would never forget. Twenty five years later, the sons and daughters of executed and exiled Communards who wanted revenge for the extra judicial murder of their relatives, used the strategy of propaganda by the deed, as the intellectual and moral basis for their actions. The public backlash created by a media dominated by ruling class interests during this period, saw the anarchist movement rapidly abandon the strategy of propaganda by the deed. The stigma attached to anarchists continues to exist in the public mind because in the popular imagination, anarchism was successfully linked with terrorism because of the threat this new movement posed to ruling class interests in Europe in the 18909s. When you compare the daily atrocities committed by the State, corporations, religious, political and nationalist groups with the few documented terrorist acts committed by anarchists over the past century, it9s blatantly obvious that anarchism is one of the few political ideologies that does not use terror. When you examine both past and present history, anarchists have been the victims of State, corporate and communist terror campaigns. Over the past hundred years, tens of thousands of anarchists have been imprisoned, tortured and killed because they had the audacity to attempt to make that new world in their hearts - a society where people ruled themselves and used property in common into a reality.
(views expressed not necersarily those of rogue poster.)

@_date: 2002-04-12 12:33:49
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Justice system in Victoria (au) in disrepute. 
MISUSE OF PROCESS When government talks about civil society, it makes a great song and dance about due process. Any society that claims it follows the rule, of law relies on due process - a series of steps that ensures that everybody in that society is treated equally and fairly by that countries legal system. Misuse of due process is a crime that brings both government and the legal system into disrepute. The struggle over the destruction of the Goolengook State forest by the Victorian State government and the Department of Natural Resources and the Environment, is not only an environmental and economic disaster, it9s an attack on due process. The Victorian State government is cynically misusing due process to destroy some of the most magnificent old growth forests in this country. The State government and the Department are stopping people from entering the forest by claiming that a fifteen kilometer exclusion zone exists around the Goolengook forest. Exclusion zones on public land cannot be legally created unless a private lease exists on that land, no private leases exist in the Goolengook State forest and surrounding public land. This so called exclusion zone has been created to give officers of the Department of Natural Resources and the Environment, the authority to arrest "trespassers" in this zone. When those arrested are brought before the courts, they are normally given a bail condition that prevents them from returning to the exclusion zone. The current misuse of due process is a cynical attempt by both the State government and the Department to illegally stop protestors from saving this precious corner of Victoria. While their cases wait to go to courts, forestry contractors under the protection of the department, are destroying what9s left of the Goolengook State forests. This cynical and calculated misuse of due process, not only belittles the Brack's Labor government in the eye of the electorate, it also places the whole justice system in Victoria in disrepute.

@_date: 2002-04-12 12:31:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Lockdown for anarchist prison resistor,Rob los Ricos. 
Comrade Rob los Ricos is in the 'hole' for refusal to submit to
manditory DNA testing at Oregon State Penitentiary.  We are unsure of
the amount of time he will be in lock down.
Letters of encouragement can be sent to:
Rob Thaxton  OSP, 2605 State Street
Salem, OR  97310 USA
Letters must have a complete return address, use only ballpoint ink,
avoid anarchist symbols and choose content carefully.
BACKROUND:  Anarchist writer, Rob los Ricos, was arrested during an
international day of solidarity in opposition to a G-8 Summit on June
18, 1999 in Eugene Oregon.  The day the police came out to model their
armor and excercise their force.  Rob was sentenced to 7 years and 4
months for throwing a rock at a cop who was in pursuit.
This is an outrageous sentence.  The cop was not injured and is a known
racist.  "It was easy for the court to single me out for harsh =
treatment.  I was from out-of-town.  I think, act, look and smell like a
guy who lives in the woods (because I am) and I'm Tejano.  I'm unashamed
of being an anarchist, a political activist and a writer of anarchist
diatribes"  RlR
For more information check out:

@_date: 2002-04-12 12:27:32
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Belarussian anarchist in a hungerstrike. 
Stas Pochobut, Belarussian anarchist from Grodno, singer of punk rock band
"Deviation" is in
a hungerstrike to protest 10 days prison sentence he received last
Friday after having protested against closing a regional oppositional paper
In e-mail which Stas wrote last week, he states that "Pahonia is far from
being anarchists, but I remember very well when
in 1996, after presidential degree (of Alexander Lukashenko - ed.) to ban
information about actions of non-registered associations in media, they made
a big article and interview about us (anarchists, who for sure never
register - ed.)".
And indeed, first charges procuror filed against the paper 27th of August
2001 were for
printing an announcement of a non-registered organisation (in issue 26th of October 2000).
Later charges of libel against president in  were added,
and this number was completely confiscated, as well as Stas also wrote that much of the so-called "democratical opposition" has
deserted the defence, and main work has been
left for the anarchists to do. A court against Pahonia was last tuesday, but
the result is not yet known.
To be continued... below informations about the case by Radia Racyja,
Poland. Navinki is a monthly of political satire, published in Minsk by a
collective of anarchists and post-anarchists.
BAJ protests detention of thirteen journalists
April 8, Radio Racyja
Police in the western Belarusian city of Grodno on Friday detained 13
journalists, who stood up to protest criminal prosecution against two
journalists - Mikola Markevich and Paval Mazeika - from the local private
newspaper Pahonia, closed down by the authorities last November. The Grodno
journalists - most of them being members of the Belarusian Association of
Journalists staged three unauthorized pickets in support of their colleagues
under the slogans: "Hands Off Markevich and Mazeika", "I Write The Truth
About President, Too. Am I Next?"
Mikola Markevich and Paval Mazeika are set to appear in court on Tuesday, 9
April on charges of slander against the Belarus president.
Picket organizers had filed several applications to the local authorities
requesting authorization to stage pickets, but the city administration
rejected them all in breach of the Constitutional provisions which guarantee
the right to freedom of expression. By having banned the pickets,
authorities took up responsibility for the further development of the
During the pickets the following journalists were detained:
Andrzej Pisalnik (Dien), Iryna Cherniavko (Belaruski Chas), Vitaut Rudnik
(Thrid Sector magazine), Andrei Meleshka (Nasha Niva), Andrej Pachobut (Glos
z nad Niemna), Alena Sinevich (Radio Racyja Bialystok) , Andrzej Kusjalcuk
(freelancer), Julia Doroshkevich (Pahonia), Alexander Dvoretskov
(freelancer), Alesia Sidliarevich (Pahonia), Olga Artemenko (Birza
Infarmacyji), Dmitry Egorov (Barcnews), Stas Pachobut (Navinki).
On Friday night nearly all detainees were subjected to administrative
prosecution, receiving terms in jail or fines. Dmitry Egorov and Vitaut
Rudnik - 3 days of arrest; Alexander Dvorestkov - 4 days of arrest; Stas
Pachobut and Andrzej Pisalnik - 10 days of arrest; Andrei Meleshko - 8 days
of arrest. Irina Cherniavka and Alena Sinevich were fined to 30 and 20
minimum salaries, correspondingly. Olga Artemenko and Andrzej Pachobut
received warnings. Stas Pachobut went on a hunger-strike. Other journalists
will be tried today, 8 April.
The Belarusian Association of Journalists expressed decisive protest against
administrative prosecution of journalists, emphasising that Article 33 in
Belarus Constitution clearly sets out that everyone shall be guaranteed the
freedom of opinion, believes and their free expression. The freedom of
assembly, street rallies, demonstrations and pickets is set forth in Article
35 of Belarus Constitution. Article 21 in the International Covenant on
Civil and Political Rights, to which Belarus is a party, recognizes the
right to peaceful assemblies.
BAJ protested against the continued pattern of attacks on the freedom of
expression by the authorities in Belarus, and appealed to international
community to join the protest.

@_date: 2002-04-12 12:23:55
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "They piss on us and the press says it's raining." 
Inimitable SCHnews...Extract.
Bourgeois Block An email to Schnews describes bizarre scenes as the 'bourgeois block', gangs of enraged savers denied access to their money, strikes again: "Tearing off the metal cladding, they invaded the bank lobbies and in full sight of the police, without a mask or black hoody to be seen, proceeded to destroy the cash machines. Women with perms, golden bracelets and high heels kicked at the windows, lipstick grins spreading as they watched the glass shatter. Every armoured security van the mob of 300 people came across was surrounded. Men in business suits proceeded to unscrew the wheel-nuts, while others prised open the bonnets, tearing out wires from the engines. Soccer mums jumped up and down on top of vans, smashing anything that could be broken, wing-mirrors, lights, number Longish series from revolutionary Argentina.HERE.

@_date: 2002-04-12 10:41:51
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Cicciolina da le luna. 
bio w/topless pics.She can sit on my coins.
Review of one of her movies
Tims idea of a skank.(is May Gay?)
Hungarian sandwich
peoples politition open to all.

@_date: 2002-04-11 09:08:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Efforts to copyprotect browsers "doomed."Andreeson 
'Andreeson' rhymes with 'shadenfraude.'
Andreessen: Copy protection efforts are doomed
By Dawn C. Chmielewski
Mercury News
LAS VEGAS - Netscape co-founder Marc Andreessen told the nation's broadcasters that efforts to copy protect music, movies or television shows are destined to fail.
As film studios and recording studios urge Congress to extend copy protection to every home entertainment device, Andreessen said the entertainment industry need look no further than the software industry's own expensive, failed attempts at encryption to realize it is ineffective at stopping piracy.
``If a computer can see it, display it and play it -- it can copy it,'' said Andreessen, in a keynote address to the National Association of Broadcasters convention.
Extract ends,and I can laugh at it.pr.Dan G's M$ trial eye view...

@_date: 2002-04-11 08:33:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: P.Trei's credibility a fantasy 
>>Further, placing the notes in a simple aluminum foil pouch, or a wallet > with equivalent lining, would cut any detectable signals by maybe 30-50 > dB. > Most people don't, and won't do this. You may not worry about the sheeple, but I do.<<
Where does this corporado PIG FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT get off?
Who works for rsa that happily sell to China?
Who dobbed in our companero on this list barely 2 months ago?
Who insults our intelligence by trying to run all this shite past us?
P.TREI dish fuck you,you dont worry about where you take a crap.

@_date: 2002-04-10 10:53:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: 'Hacktivists' rage against the machine 
'Hacktivists' rage against the machine
By Jenny Sinclair
April 9 2002
 From a stone farmhouse in west Wales to a home in France, the cyber activists are fighting globalisation - or at least the commercial kind.
"The Hacktivists", a documentary screening on ABC TV on Thursday, May 2 uses the lead-up to an anti-globalisation protest in Canada to frame the lives of computer activists around the world, including the Electronic Disturbance Theatre and the Federation of Random Action.
One US security analyst and academic compares the "hacktivists" to swarms of insects that can overwhelm much larger targets.
Virtual sit-ins are shown as natural extensions of street protests but the show glosses over the possibility that some of the traffic in these sit-ins might be from unwilling participants, victims of hacking and back-door programs that take over their computers.
The show meets the makers of FloodNet, the automated Web attack software used in solidarity with the Zapatista revolutionaries to flood the Mexican president's home page. It also interviews the people behind the attack on the eToys website by supporters of existing "art" group eToy Corporation. The segment, with descriptions of "virtual shopper" soldiers wrecking the online business, shows just how effective these tools can be.
Set up against these activists are types like Ben Venzske, a cyber private eye who cruises the dark corners of the Net on behalf of corporations fearful of becoming targets of an organised attack.
Cyber wars and events occurring over distributed networks are not best suited to the medium of television, and the first half is a little heavy on the mood music and moody profile shots of hackers. It improves when the Canadian action is under way, with activists reporting live from the street.
"Are these boys who want toys, or are these humans who want a better society?" asks one activist. A bit of each, probably.
The show claims that the cyber activists and their street equivalents are becoming a serious threat to globalisation; it underplays the abilities of their targets to rise to the challenge if they deem it necessary.
"True Stories: The Hacktivists" screens on the ABC on Thursday, May 2 at 10pm

@_date: 2002-04-10 10:28:13
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Full blown fascism 
Well here we are, we have crossed the line into full blown fascism. With the indictment of attorney Lynn Stewart who is legal counsel to Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, Attorney General Ashcroft is sending a clear message...
Today The American Judicial System Gasped its Final Breath and Died
By Lloyd Hart
Well here we are, we have crossed the line into full blown fascism. With the indictment of attorney Lynn Stewart who is legal counsel to Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, Attorney General Ashcroft is sending a clear message, if you bleeding heart lawyers out there defend these terrorists your going to go down with them. By indicting Stewart Ashcroft is test driving the rules that he put in place last year that strip the Attorney Client Privilege that allow Ashcroft to listen in on conversations between clients and their attorneys. It seems it is also a useful tool to search the indicted attorneys office, entire case load and the files that go with them as that is exactly where the FBI are now, Lynn Stewarts office. But the most frightening aspect of this blatant step forward of the Bush Doctrine is that if you have a conversation with a Muslim you could be indicted as a If this indictment alone does not wake up the liberal ilite to immediately begin the process of dismantling the Bush Doctrine we will know for sure that they are in on this Hand Maids Tale of ours hoping that they will be shielded by their wealth and power. We must now assume that the wholesale round up of left wing attorneys and activists is not far off as they are attempting to create a link to terrorism with those who stand up and fight for civil liberties in the minds terrified American public, who they just successfully sold torture to, over the past week.
dadapop.com add your own comments

@_date: 2002-04-10 10:24:40
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Repression of peacefull protesters by an ocupation force (The 
Military police tear-gas Vieques protesters
  posted by Drew on Sunday April 07 2002 @ 07:46PM PDT
   VIEQUES, Puerto Rico- Military police detained a nun and an Episcopal priest for trespassing on restricted land on Saturday and used tear gas on about 50 people demonstrating against U.S. Navy bombing on the Puerto Rican island of Vieques.
So far, 14 people have been arrested for trespassing on Navy property since the exercises began last Monday. Navy officials confirmed the arrest Saturday of the nun and priest, who protesters identified as Carmen Gonzalez Arias and Pablo Maysonett Marrero.
The destroyer USS Mahan and the guided missile frigate USS Barry conducted ship-to-shore military training on Saturday.
Navy spokesman Lt. Corey Barker said exercises involving the USS George Washington Battle Group will resume on Monday.
A protest involving about 50 people at one of the camps established by demonstrators near the front gate of the Camp Garcia military reservation was interrupted on Saturday by Navy security personnel shooting gas canisters from within the restricted zone.
Despite contrary eyewitness accounts, Barker said CS gas spray was launched on Saturday after protesters threw "rocks and debris at Navy vehicles."
When told rock throwing occurred after Navy security dispersed the crowd with gas, he added: "If there is an imminent danger that the crowd is going to throw rocks or break down the fence, then gas will be sprayed to disperse the crowd. Gas is used to disperse a threatening crowd."
Demonstrators were observed taunting the sailors before the gas was used. After the crowd was dispersed, a few protesters came back and threw rocks, prompting Navy personnel to fire more gas.
A barbed-wire fence and a line of Puerto Rican police officers separated the military security personnel from protesters, who included members of the National Puerto Rican Coalition, a group of Puerto Rican political and civic leaders from the United States making a one-day visit to the island.
Fleeing from gas
Dozens of protesters and journalists fled the gas, and at least two people affected by the gas were treated at a local clinic, protesters said.
Two Puerto Rico officials said the Navy reaction was too strong.
"They are provoking the situation," Police Col. Cesar Gracia said of the Navy security personnel, adding that reports of rock-throwing by protesters were false.
"I witnessed the incident, and there was no rock-throwing. Right now, my superiors are on the phone to complain to the Navy about the situation," Gracia said.
Juan Fernandez, the commonwealth government's special commissioner charged with overseeing Navy military exercises, said he believes security on Camp Garcia has been increased and that security personnel have been given orders to take a firmer approach against trespassers and protesters.
"They are using exaggerated, unnecessary force and violating people's constitutional rights," he said, adding he would make a formal complaint to Navy officials.
Commonwealth officials are also complaining that military officials are unnecessarily using pepper spray and aggressive treatment against trespassers arrested on Navy property.
Ismael Gonzalez, a 67-year-old retired warehouse worker from Camuy, one of three trespassers arrested on Friday, needed medical attention after hitting his head on a rock while being detained. Barker said the incident was being investigated.
Barker, who declined comment on security levels on Vieques, said training had not been interrupted by protests this week.

@_date: 2002-04-10 10:17:28
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchism and Science Fiction 
Longish,hey Mongo,someone still likes Heinlein! (prefer heineken meself.)

@_date: 2002-04-10 10:04:56
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Executions Doubled in 2001, Led by China.(dump rsa,DUMP RSA!) 
LONDON - Governments across the globe shot, electrocuted and hanged more than 3,000 of their citizens last year, more than double the total executed in 2000, Amnesty International said Tuesday.
During 2001, at least 3,048 people were put to death in 31 countries, the sharp increase largely the result of a Chinese crack-down on crime which saw the world's most populous nation execute nearly 1,800 people in four months, Amnesty said.
The human rights group said in a statement many of those condemned to death could have been tortured to extract confessions, and the total number of executions could be far higher since many killings were deliberately kept ``Many cases were in blatant violation of international standards on the application of the death penalty,'' Amnesty said, calling for the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, sitting in Geneva, to establish a moratorium on all executions.
China executed a total of 2,468 people, more than all other countries put together, while Iran's 139 recorded executions probably fell short of the true number of people put to death, Amnesty said.
In oil-rich Saudi Arabia, 79 executions were reported along with a multitude of amputations and floggings, while in the United States 66 people lost their lives at the hands of the state, down from 85 the previous year.
``The figures for China, Iran, Saudi Arabia and the United States accounted for 90 percent of all known executions in 2001,'' Amnesty said.
Chile abolished the death penalty in 2001 for peacetime offences and Turkey adopted constitutional amendments to limit its scope, but overall the practice does not seem to be on the wane -- Amnesty said over 5,000 people were sentenced to death during the year, compared to 3,058 in 2000.
 From Reuters (4/9/02)

@_date: 2002-04-10 10:02:49
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Gun nuts 
ANARCHIST AND ANTI-MILITARIST SECTION IN THE MARCH AGAINST THE ARMS EXPO (EXA), BRESCIA 13th APRIL 2002
EXA, or the "Brescia Arms Expo" has been held in the town of Brescia since 1979. This expo claims to be a "pacific" exposition of sports arms (clay-pigeon shooting), hunting arms (as if that were a sport) and arms for collectors. But a large majority of the exhibiting companies produce and sell arms for war, small calibre arms and anti-riot equipment (tear gas, rubber bullets etc.) - chief among them being Beretta. Among them are many international exhibitors, the real titans among weapons producers, like Browning, Colt, Winchester...
It is estimated that there are something like between 500 million and 1 billion small arms throughout the world and that $50m, the cost of a fighter jet, would be enough to arm a small army with 200,000 assault rifles. These weapons are easy to use and maintain, in fact easy enough for a child of 10 to use - over 250,000 children under the age of 18 have taken part in 33 of of the most recent armed struggles, and in 26 of these even children under the age of 15 have taken part.
Neither should we forget those arms which are hypocritically categorized as non-lethal, but whose lethal nature has been experienced above all for internal control - for the repression of demonstrations and marches, in prisons etc. Among these instruments of death and torture we can count tear gas, rubber bullets, water cannons, anti-personnel mines, acoustic arms (which can emits waves of 170 decibels, enough to damage organs), electric batons etc...
This is why it is important to continue in a determined manner not only the anti-war struggle, but also the anti-militaristic struggle.
We cannot stop war unless at the same time we impede the basis of war - the production and trade of arms (the banks which act as go-between), the armies, the states and capitalism together with every form of hierarchy, coercion and subordination.
Therefore, we accept the invitation on the part of the "E. Bonometti" Anarchist Circle to create an anarchist, anti-militarist section in the march which will take place on Saturday 13th April 2002 in Brescia against the EXA Fair.
THE MARCH LEAVES PIAZZA REPUBBLICA (100m. FROM THE RAILWAY STATION) AT 2.00pm.
We invite all anarchist groups, federated and otherwise, to participate in the demonstration and to support this appeal.
For futher information contact: agostino

@_date: 2002-04-10 09:33:54
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: World Bank to West Bank 
World Bank to West Bank
'The movement to which many of the peace activists risking their lives in Ramallah and Bethlehem belong has no name. Some people have called it an anti-globalisation or anti-corporate or anti-capitalist campaign. Others prefer to emphasise its positive agenda, calling it a democracy or internationalist movement. But, because they have always put practice first and theory second, its members have proved impossible to categorise. Whenever it appears to have assumed an identity outsiders believe they can grasp, it morphs into something else. It is driven by a new, responsive politics, informed not by ideology but by need. After September 11, this nameless thing appeared to vanish as swiftly as it had emerged.... But those who dismissed it had failed to grasp either the seriousness of its intent or the breadth of its support. The television cameras always focused on a few hundred young men dressed in black and running riot, intercut occasionally with the wider carnival of protest. But they seldom permitted its participants to explain the sense of purpose which propelled them. So most outsiders failed to see that the commitment of many of the people involved in these protests is non-negotiable. The movement is no more likely to go away than the governments and corporations it confronts. Its survival is assured by its ability to become whatever it needs to be' ( George Monbiot via Guardian )
Opinions not necersarily those of professor rat
 From

@_date: 2002-04-10 07:06:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Architects that need killing. 
The Minister for Immigration and Multicultural and Indigenous Affairs, Philip Ruddock, today announced the shortlist of architects to participate in a design competition for new permanent immigration detention facilities.
The list comprises Sinclair Knight Merz Pty Limited & Crone Associates (Vic) Pty Limited, Phillips Smith Conwell Architects Pty Ltd, Codd Stenders Pty Ltd and a consortium comprising Guymer Bailey Architects, Sinclair Knight Merz and Peter Hunt Architects.
Mr Ruddock added that the development of new detention facilities is a great opportunity for the Government to advance the quality and style of detention facilities in Australia.
"It also provides an opportunity for architectural organisations participating in the design process to showcase their talents and potentially earn international recognition in an environment where the illegal movement of people around the world is a growing international problem," Mr Ruddock said.
"I look forward to the results of the competition and wish all participants well," Mr Ruddock said.

@_date: 2002-04-09 15:28:11
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: ATTN Joshua Gordon. 
What a great country you live in young man.All my best to the folks.Sorry we have to meet this way but its not for too much longer,is it?Hey did you know that,(in spite of all the hard won freedoms)
Still in this country today there are laws that outlaw oral sex and anal sex between husband and wife.
Republicans are always so after pornography. But God forbid you talk about their guns. There's never been a child who's went to school, took out a porno tape, and beat the crap out of somebody and killed them. But they go and take guns to school. And the Republicans make sure that there's no waiting list on gun shows. "Oh, you can't have a waiting list. We're business." (Laughs.) OK. There's not even a two-day waiting period to go buy a gun at a gun show. That's all right. But pornography, abortion -- God forbid those things.
"The only thing more wicked than the will to command is the urge to obey."

@_date: 2002-04-09 13:17:27
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: William Harvey;A great american without honor. 
April 8, 2002 | The crowd surrounded William Harvey. They cursed him, they told him to get the fuck out -- about 20 men and women on a street where you could smell the rubble of the fallen towers. The disaster was just a block away. William Harvey did not move. He held a sign that showed a picture of the World Trade Center and the face of Osama bin Laden hovering, superimposed. Harvey tried to hand out leaflets. He told the crowd: "America is getting paid back for what it's doing to Islamic countries."
"Fuck this guy, lock that fucking guy up before I kill him!" yelled one man, and a chorus of obscenity followed. Their faces turned ugly, and still William Harvey stood his ground, even as the crowed swelled to over 60 people and spilled into the street. Traffic came to a halt; horns blared, sirens sounded. The police showed up, elbowed in, surveyed the situation and arrested the offending parties -- William Harvey and his leaflets. Incredibly, Harvey was charged with disorderly conduct, though he apparently did nothing more than speak his mind.
That was Oct. 4, 2001, when the wounds from Sept. 11 were still fresh. Harvey now faces a criminal trial in Manhattan because he pissed off a lot of freedom-loving people who didn't like the fact that he had the freedom to speak his mind. Of course, the case should have been thrown out immediately on free speech grounds, but in the post-9/11 bizarro world, patriotism trumps the First Amendment.
Consider the 9/11-inflected opinion of the judge who struck down Harvey's motion to dismiss in mid-February. "The defendant chose to disseminate his message at a location near Ground Zero at a time shortly after Sept. 11," wrote Judge Neil Ross of the Criminal Court of the City of New York. "[A]t the very least, he was aware of and consciously disregarded a substantial and unjustifiable risk that public inconvenience, annoyance or alarm would Judge Ross then went on to stretch himself very thin. He argued that the charge of disorderly conduct is generally defined by "the reaction which speech engenders, not the content of the speech. The angry, threatening of the large crowd that stopped to read this defendant's message" created a volatile situation. This is a ridiculous line, and it upholds the patently unconstitutional argument known as the "hecklers veto." If someone doesn't like what you're saying, and commits a crime as a result, your speech is liable and you go to jail.
Not surprisingly, free speech advocates are rallying to Harvey's cause. "The Harvey case is a threat to the First Amendment and it cannot be allowed to stand," says Donna Lieberman, executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union. "It's wrong in the law, it's wrong in the precedent and it defies logic. It would rewrite unpopular speech out of the Constitution." FROM

@_date: 2002-04-09 12:03:54
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The RATO Institute 
republish the daily bleed,best of...1877 -- Italy: In the township of
Letino (Matese) the "Gang
of Matese" hand the city clerk an official notice before giving
a speech, burning land deeds, & heading off to liberate yet
another town:
"We the undersigned declare to have occupied, arms in
hand, the municipal building of Letino in the name of the
social revolution."
 Carlo Cafiero, Errico Malatesta, Pietro Cesari Ceccarelli
1978 -- Gaston Leval dies. Son of a French Communard,
anarchist syndicalist, combatant & historian of the Spanish
Revolution of 1936.
When are you going jamesd? Soon?

@_date: 2002-04-09 11:46:16
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: CATO makes ME sick. 
CATO MAKES ME SICK
It's no coincidence  as the Marxist-Leninists used to say!  that Richman
is no longer is associated with the Cato Institute. A principled guy like
Sheldon is not going to be welcome in the ranks of those whose only
"principle" is sucking up to Power. Cato paid dearly for its opposition to
Gulf War I  several large contributors withdrew their support, and they
were viciously attacked, as in the Pipes smear  but, this time around,
they aren't making that "mistake." A libertarian institution, that once
played a great role in generating and sustaining the libertarian movement 
one that was founded, by the way, by Murray Rothbard  is now trying to
lead the war charge, actually criticizing the chief warmonger in this
administration for insufficiently warlike zeal. Pardon me while I go vomit.
FROM Sucking pat buchann's cock will also trigger a gag reflex so take it easy
Declan,you still here? EAT SHIT and DIE!

@_date: 2002-04-08 11:01:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Indymedia; "important and pretty damned thrilling" alternative 
A Response to Corporate Ownership of the Media
The Alternative Press Tradition and the New Media
Birth and Development of Indymedia
The Spread of Indymedia
Indymedia at Work
The Impact of the Indymedia Movement
"Free thought, necessarily involving freedom of speech &
press, I may tersely define thus: no opinion a law --
no opinion a crime."
---Alexander Berkman

@_date: 2002-04-07 15:46:36
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Team Tushyfest settle obscenity charge news. 
THUMBS UP! OBSCENITY CASE SETTLES!
VAN NUYS (3.20.02) - Adam Glasser, aka Seymore Butts, announced today that he and his attorney, Roger Diamond, have reached a settlement with the city attorneys office regarding the obscenity charges filed against Glassers' companies in March of 2001. Glassers' offices were raided in December of 2000 after an anonymous complaint was received by the city attorneys office about a fisting scene in the movie "Tampa TushyFest Part 1".
The terms of the agreement follows
One of Glassers' companies, BBE Inc., would plead guilty to a public nuisance charge and pay a $1000 fine to a victim's restitution fund. The company will not be put on probation.
Glasser will agree to offer an edited "fisting free" version to every customer in California.
All materials confiscated from Glassers' companies will be returned.
All other charges on Adam Glasser, Lila Glasser, BBE Inc., and Seymore Inc. will be dismissed.
After signing the paper work and handing over a check to the city attorney Glasser had this to say
"I am relieved its over and extremely satisfied with the outcome. I told Roger from the onset that I wanted him to be as aggressive as possible in defending this case. I told him I believed there was nothing obscene about this movie and was willing to take the matter to trial if necessary. I am glad to see that the new city attorney, Rocky Delgadiallo, who inherited this case from his predecessor, took the time to review the matter and make the proper decision. I also applaud him for deciding to review their do's and don'ts list in regards to sex acts depicted in adult materials. Since the list they were working off was written in 1981, I think its about time!
As for the settlement itself, we have always offered an unedited version of this movie to customers in more conservative states.
So for us, everything remains status quo except now we know we are legally allowed to sell the unedited version here in California. All in all, I think its a great day for the adult industry, the free speech movement and especially all the millions of consumers who enjoy their rights to watch the adult entertainment of their choice!"

@_date: 2002-04-07 15:08:02
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Castle Wolfensen;boycott their bonds and bankrupt them. 
"...Many activists began to think then that, after the blip of 11 September, world events were still moving their way. Some among them saw the need to push the movement beyond the now familiar scenes of protests and riots. They decided, in fact, to bankrupt the World Bank.
It might sound far-fetched. The bank, after all, is a huge global operation. It is owed $2.5trn by developing countries and employs 10,000 people worldwide. In 1997, it extracted $1bn more from Africa than it lent to the continent.
But who owns the World Bank? We do. Ordinary people in the west - through their trade unions, churches, town councils, universities and private investments - own the bank, but they don't know that. The bank raises nearly all its funds by issuing bonds on the private market. These are often held by socially minded institutions that would be horrified to think they were propping up an ultra-neoliberal organisation.
So activists have come up with a simple way of breaking the bank: boycott their bonds and bankrupt them.
Dennis Brutus, a patron of Jubilee 2000 South Africa and a founder member of the new campaign, has been told many times before that boycotts achieve nothing. He heard people say it when he was a prisoner on Robben Island and was pleading for the world to boycott South African goods. He is unashamed in drawing a direct parallel: "We need to break the power of the World Bank over developing countries," he explains, "as the disinvestment movement helped break the power of the apartheid regime in South Africa."

@_date: 2002-04-07 14:39:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: CNET article on "dream email client" includes PGP, 
PGP for dummies,I like it.Still dreaming of the integrated PGP remailer,mint+APster client that also fetches coffee and gives head under the desk.
"All people of all nations must be free. I always suspected the Internet could make this a reality; now I truly believe it.
"Immediately after established governments have been overthrown, communes will have to reorganise themselves along revolutionary lines . . . In order to defend the revolution, their volunteers will at the same time form a communal militia. But no commune can defend itself in isolation. So it will be necessary to radiate revolution outward, to raise all of its neighbouring communes in revolt . . . and to federate with them for common defence." [_No Gods, No Masters_, vol. 1, p. 142]Bakunin.AND "...all provinces, communes and associations . . . [will] delegate deputies to an agreed place of assembly (all . . . invested will binding mandated and accountable and subject to recall), in order to found the federation of insurgent associations, communes and provinces . . . and to organise a revolutionary force with the capacity of defeating the reaction ..."AND "...the power which Bakunin abhorred was *hierarchical* power and not "power" as such..."
It seems somewhat ridiculous to talk of revolution . . .
But everything else is even more ridiculous, since it
implies accepting the existing order in one way or
 Situationist International

@_date: 2002-04-07 14:05:03
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: US: New York City slave revolt begins 
1712 - US: New York City slave revolt begins: slaves set
fire to their masters' outhouse. They then ambush the whites
who arrive to put out the blaze, killing nine.
1878 -- Andre Mournier (known as "The Agronomist") lives.
French anarchist, member of the Colony of Aiglemont founded
by Fortuni Henry. See the Anarchist Encyclopedia,
1878 -- Erich Muhsam [Muehsam; M|hsam], German poet &
anarchist, lives, Berlin. Assassinated by the Nazis during the
night of July 9/ 10, 1934 ( Orianenburg Concentration Camp).
1918 - The French captain Jacques Sadoul, on a mission in
Russia, wrote in a report dated today: "The anarchist party
is the most active, the most militant of the opposition groups
& probably the most popular.... The Bolsheviks are anxious."
USA PHONE IN SICK DAY.
Resist corporate rule by phoning in sick.
During one World Phone In Sick Day, over 2,000 British
Airways employees phoned in sick to protest airline policies, etc.
Inspired by the "consumer terrorists" -- known as Decadent
MORE at theDailyBleed you nosebleeds.

@_date: 2002-04-07 10:51:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: UK Stasi? 
Message received by Statewatch: 28.3.02: "The MET police have been threatening to raid website hosts who have tried to host the website for this years "May Day Festival of Alternatives". The content of what should be available at  is information about the 2002 "May Day Festival of Alternatives". Running from 16th April - May 6th, the programme of events mostly includes music performances, film screenings, and workshops on a variety of issues and diy skill sharing, as well as ideas for protests on 1 May itself. The website should have 'gone live' last month, however at least 3 different website hosts who agreed to host the site have been quickly approached by police, when the domain name 'ourmayday.org.uk' has been pointed at their servers. MET Police have either contacted the hosts by phone or in person, demanding to know all of the personal details of the people behind the 'ourmayday' website. The MET Police have also told the hosts they must remove the site (or not to host it) or be faced with a police raid during which their web servers would be seized. The Police have not said under what legislation they are making these demands and threats. As a result of the police threats the webhosts have so far declined to host the website. Recently the website was temporarily hosted on a German website, but soon after the whole server which also hosts many other websites 'went down' and has not been restored. At this time it is not known if this is connected to British police activity. Appeals have now been made for other servers to host the website. NB: Text on the website and on May Day leaflets says: "This Mayday we are responding to the frequently asked question 'What are you for? What do you actually want?' We aim to show our goals of creating a society based on solidarity, autonomy and co-operation - in practice. We want to show that there is a future beyond capitalism, wage-labour and the state;" "The Festival will consist of around 10 days of community-based events aiming at celebration, subversion and DIY liberation; and to demonstrate the diversity of our movement, with the intention of building long-range sustained alternatives." "The Mayday Festival of Alternatives is inspired by a month of dissident art/culture events in France, held last year in response to the irrelevance and media saturation of the General Election 2001." Planned workshops throughout the Festival of Alternatives include: *Allotments *Wildlife garden projects *Asylum *Biodiversity and food security *Clothes making *Desktop publishing *Feminist History *Film Showings *Flamenco *Gender *GM monoculture *Shiatsu *Journalism *Sweatshop labour *Nuclear issues *Climate Change *Social Centres *Squatting *Plumbing *Tree climbing *What is Anarchism? *Yoga NB Recent public meetings about the Festival have been subject to police surveillance with people attending being filmed and photographed."

@_date: 2002-04-07 10:37:55
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: FREE ROBERT HANNSEN. 
A Review of FBI Security Programs (1.09MB PDF)
Report of a commission, headed by former FBI Director William Webster, into security weaknesses at the FBI
( US Dept of Justice )
See also this Washington Post coverage, and this Chicago Tribune coverage
FROM 'Arafat! Arafat! Arafat! Long before there was the likelihood of my venturing near the cave of Polyphemus, I had found myself shaken to the foundations of reason that anyone with the slightest intelligence, with even a minimal grasp of the psychology of humiliation and desperation, could exhibit such inanity as to imagine that, within the context of the Middle East conflict, any one individual, no matter how highly respected by his followers, how sacrosanct his authority, could control a form of action that stemmed out of both collective and individual desperation and trauma. And of course Yasser Arafat is simply not in control of the many arms of the Palestinian resistance. Not even the various groups can boast absolute control over individual acts of determination and resourcefulness. Timothy McVeigh took over two hundred souls down in one fell swoop.
No one has attempted to heap on the president of the pro-gun lobby the sole responsibility for McVeigh's homicidal resolve to avenge the victims of Waco'
( Wole Soyinka via Autodafe )
See also this article by Soyinka from 2000

@_date: 2002-04-06 08:24:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Small failure of Peter Trei's credibility. 
>>The soldiers who are complaining should be able to obtain > > AKs (7.62mm), which use a more penetrating projectile, fairly easily > > over there :-) > You can thank the Geneva Convention - it specifies milspec projectiles to > be high-velocity FMJ rounds, which produce disabling wounds but don't do > such massive damage that it becomes "one hit, one kill". No shattered > bones, just neat little clip-outs that hurt like hell... > Hydostatic shock is, however, another matter. > - Dr. Strangelove >
 This is yet another example of how Western cultural biases have been proven faulty <<
Why dont you move to China then you snotty sinophile spy?
. [It's not only the West that the GCs are failing - the highly technical, legalistic grounds under which Shrub is denying PoW status to captured Taliban is another example (one which even many US military find objectionable).] Peter Trei
The highly techical,legalistic grounds you have for mantaining silence on the ratting out of CJ are noted.How this list stands for this rsa hack bumping our revered comrade is beyond me.By his silence on this issue he has earned killing.
(my 2cents) Actually a cursory look at the history of rsa makes any employee of this disgusting outfit worthy of a billable bullet.FUCK you Peter Trei,some find you and your Mil/Ind ilk extremely objectionable.GO DIE!

@_date: 2002-04-05 15:17:23
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Crisis management by Lurch. 
Rule of Power or Rule of Law? - An Assessment of US Policies and Actions Regarding Security-Related Treaties (1.13MB PDF)
Study concluding that the United States is 'disregarding crucial treaty obligations and creating a dangerous slide away from the rule of law into a power-based world that is likely to be far more insecure' ( IEER )
See also these appendices (PDF), this press release, this Reuters coverage, and this NY Times article
"The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he's on." joseph heller

@_date: 2002-04-05 14:40:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: APster plans to kill journalist known to officials. 
Haunting rumor": Officials knew APster wanted to kill a journalist
beverley Hill says the rumor is even more specific: "The APster operatives reportedly discussed luring their quarry into a trap with the promise of an interview about terrorism. They planned to videotape the journalist's interrogation and eventual murder -- and then make this gruesome videotape available to the media." (Of course, thats playing out with  Declan McCullogh.) What should a government do if it learns reporters' lives may be in danger? Hill says: "They should share the information -- and let news organizations decide what to do about it." (Washington pissing Post)
(Dont say I never do anything for you weasl.)

@_date: 2002-04-05 14:18:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Whatever happened to the motherfuckers? 
Ralph R's just kicked the bucket,see
The Mofo's?
Whats bleeding?
DOROTHEA DIX
Advocate of humane treatment for so-called "mentally ill."
Ancient Rome: FESTIVAL OF THE MAGNA OF PHRYGIA,
a reliquary embodied in a small meteorite. An ecstatic
procession with the magna mater in a chariot drawn by
lions, castrated priests leaping & dancing & gashing
themselves to a din of Flutes, cymbals & drums.
1774 - Asked on his deathbed if his mind is at ease Oliver
Goldsmith, 45, replies: "No it is not."
1802 - Dorothea Dix lives, Hampden, Maine.
We All Are Born Mad.
Some Remain So.
Reformist, who called attention to "the present state of
Insane Persons confined . . . in cages, closets, cellars,
stalls, pens! Chained, naked, beaten with rods, & lashed
into obedience!"
1812 -- England: Luddite Riots at Stockport;
Mr Goodwin's steam-looms destroyed.
1846 - Lautreamont lives, Montevideo. In French, see Raoul
Vaneigem's "Isidore Ducasse et le Comte de Lautriamont dans
les Poisies,"
1892 - Jules Thomas (1839-1892) dies. A French Icarien,
Parisian Communard, Blanquist. A Communard who fled to NY
with the defeat of the Paris Commune. Became an
anarchist following his reading of Peter Kropotkin.
See Daily Bleed page,
1894 -- France: In Paris during the trial of Emile Henry a bomb
explodes at the Foyot restaurant.
1896 - Playwright Robert E. Sherwood (The Petrified
Forest; Abe Lincoln in Illinois) lives, New Rochelle,
New York.
1896 - Tristan Tzara, French poet/essayist known mainly as
the founder of Dada, lives, Moinesti, Romania.

@_date: 2002-04-04 17:29:53
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Italia 77 
Italy 1977
Italy 1977 saw a spontaneous and creative outbreaks of rebellion
demonstrating that the potential for revolution still exists in the working
class of the industrialised west - no matter what the leftie cynics say.
Tension built up throughout 1976 with the growth of autonomi (groups
outside traditional left / Union formations) and the Circollo Del
Proletariato Giovanile (Circles of Proletarian Youth), both strong in the
slum areas of the great northern industrial cities. They developed many
confrontational tactics directly linked to working class needs. The most
successful was autoriduzione (self-reduction), where price rises in
essential commodities were not paid, or communities decided a fair price.
Direct sabotage of capitalist property was also popular  blowing their
cars up, beating up particularly authoritarian bosses, or refusing to let
them enter the factories. These tactics grew in popularity, worrying both
the leftists and the capitalists, as all relations of dominance were
brought into question.
Things blew up in Bologna in early 1977, when Lama, the leader of the
Stalinist CGIL Union went to the University to lecture members of the
Circollo and Autonomi (who used it as a base) and students, arguing they
should join the Communist Party. He was chased from the building, and only
saved from serious harm by his security team and the cops he had brought
with him. The University head called in cops to restore order, sparking off
a fierce battle leading to the occupation of all the university facilities,
which became the focus for workers and students meeting (as in Paris 1968).
This soon developed into larger public manifestations, culminating in the
physical capture of Bologna for three days in March, following the shooting
of a demonstrator. An eyewitness wrote that Downtown, numerous shops and
luxury restaurants were looted; side by side with young proletarians, old
pensioners could be seen fleeing happily, pushing handcarts full of
delicacies. For once in these streets and squares people were
communicatingover the next few days police found scores of guns and rifles
hidden in improbable places, the fruit of an armoury raid. Similar
episodes occurred in Rome, Milan and Turin. Radio Alice was set up, and
broadcast the movements of police and troops, which helped extend the
occupation. Eventually the movement was repressed, with all the political
parties working hand in hand with the judiciary, but the lesson remains 
anything is possible!

@_date: 2002-04-04 17:26:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Julia Child was a Spook (NPR report on chick-agents) 
>>During World War II, entertainer Josephine Baker helped the French
Resistance by smuggling secret information written in invisible ink on her
sheet music.<<
She also had top secret chemical info hidden in banana's around her
waist,these had to be smoked to release the information.As for the shark
repellant,I bet they could have used some 11 miles inland (!) when a great
white attacked around 1916.See "close to shore,"by michael Capuzzo.
"The task of the right
eye is to peer into the
while the left eye peers into the microscope."
---Max Ernst
Daily Bloody Eye in full, 56 entries, web page,
with lots of links
MAX ERNST
Surrealist painter of Loplop the bird & all he
INTERNATIONAL CHILDREN'S BOOK DAY.
1805 -- Hans Christian Andersen lives (1805-1875),
Odense. Danish writer who combined folk legends
with his own great imagination & produced fairy tales
appreciated in many cultures.
1840 -- French writer, activist, experimental novelist Emile
Zola lives (1840-1902), Paris, France.
1851 -- Joseph Lane (1851-1920), British anarchist,
1863 -- US: Bread riots in Richmond, Virginia.
1891 -- Saint Max Ernst (1891-1976) lives, Br|hl,
Germany, near Cologne. Painter, poet.
Big hi to chick agent and ugly ho ~Justine

@_date: 2002-04-04 15:51:44
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "...the website on which activists discuss killing police..." 
Entertainment journalist doing spiffing job of publisizing Independant self
published media.
Today's column also says: "Some Indymedia activists hardly needed a hit to
get physical. After all, this is the website on which activists discuss
killing police, and publish the home addresses of journalists or
politicians who oppose them."
Herald Sun man conducts a jihad against Indymedia Herald Sun man conducts a
jihad against Indymedia
On this day...1948 -- Korea: Cheju April 3rd Massacre.
One of the darkest yet least-known chapters of postwar
Asian history  the horrific genocide of 30,000 innocent
civilians on Cheju-do between 1948 & 1949.
In the space of one year, fully 10% of the island's total
population of 300,000 was massacred  literal Roman
decimation. Privately the governor of Cheju told American
intelligence at the time that 60,000 were killed.
This mass murder, in the guise of an anti-Communist civil war,
was undertaken by the South Korean army, the Cheju-do police,
& the US military.

@_date: 2002-04-04 15:50:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Wild Turkey 
In today's trial Turkish anarchist prisoners are released by the decision of Izmir SSC (State Security Court). The next trial is postponed to 21st of May. On 1st of December 2001, 5 people from Usak were arrested with the claim of being members of "Usak Anarsist Otonomu" while 3 of them were distributing their own leaflets during a trade-union demo. They are being judged according to Article No. 3713/7 which defines "illegal political gangs". Although they were just claimed to be responsible for a number of graffities and a leaflet titled "No to Capitalism and War!" signed as Usak Anarsist Otonomu, 4 of them were forced to spend 2 months in F type cells-where they lived 2 by 2. Today's trial started at noon and lasted more than an hour. Except prisoner's families, anarchists from Izmir and Istanbul, representatives from DISK (a leftist syndicate) were also present at the court. Among the lawyers of the anarchists there were the Chairman of Izmir Lawyer Association and lawyer of Bergama peasants. According to the report of SSC Attorney, Usak Anarsist Otonomu were claimed to be a part of AGF-Anarsist Genclik Federasyonu (Anarchist Youth Federation) and according to the information report of Turkish Pigs (Police) Tayfun Gvn|l were said to be the "leader" of anarchists in Turkey!! Tayfun Gvn|l attending the court as a "witness" rejected all of the claims and stated that the related group (AGF) is a group of people from Istanbul and added that even AGF itself does not define itself as an "organization"-they say AGF is their "life". T. Gvn|l also told he was never arrested or questioned as a member of AGF; as he was born in 1958 it was impossible for him to be a member of a youth group! He stated that since the beginning of anarchist movement in Turkey Turkish anarchists had never organized an armed or violent action and this attitude is consciouos. Later with reference to the offer of lawyers and the SSC Attorney the court decided the release of 4 anarchists (Muammer Vzg|r K|g|ktekin, Ahmet Serkan Tomar, Sabri Serkan Kazak, Onur Ayaz and Rahmi Tiril) who were in Izmir Kaynaklar F type prison for about two months. (Sabri Serkan Kazak were released on 13th of February) The next trial will be on 21st of May. (3.4.2002) Thanx to all comrades for their solidarity! In the name of solidarity with prisoned anarchists and anti-capitalists! Anarchist Black Crescent - Ankara Anarsist Kara Ay - Ankara email: abcankara

@_date: 2002-04-04 15:30:51
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Joseph Patrick Curry, a captain in US Army Special Forces and 
House of Commons Hansard for 26 Mar 2002 - 1:37 PM
Transcript of an inquiry raised in the UK Parliament last week, suggesting the bomb that brought down Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland in 1988 was in the luggage of passenger Joseph Patrick Curry, a captain in US Army Special Forces, and that police notebooks corroborating this were destroyed prior to the trial of Abdel Basset Al Megrahi, the Libyan convicted of the bombing ( Tam Dalyell via Hansard )
See also this WSWS coverage, and the Lockerbie appeal decision (PDF)

@_date: 2002-04-04 14:46:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Lawsuit slapped on FBI. 
NATIVE AMERICAN ACTIVIST FILES LAWSUIT AGAINST FBI (english)
by Harry Tuttle 1:38am Thu Apr 4 '02
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh is named as a defendant in a lawsuit
filed today by attorneys for imprisoned Native American activist, Leonard
PRESS RELEASE FOR LEONARD PELTIER BELOW!
Below is the press release for the lawsuit that will be filed TOMORROW on
Leonard Peltier's behalf. Please forward it far and wide to your local
media and to other supporters. Please be sure that the release date remains
in tact. We do not want coverage on this before the case is filed tomorrow.
We do, however, want to give reporters a chance to write their stories today
so that it can hit the press tomorrow. Also note that this has been
distributed to all national news sources already, so we just need to focus
on everyone's local press. You may want to follow up with phone calls to
your paper, radio and TV stations to request they cover the story given that
a local support group or supporters exist in the area. Let us know if you
have any questions. THANK you for your help and support!
In Solidarity,
PS A formatted version can be downloaded from our web site:
RELEASE DATE: THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 2002
Leonard Peltier Defense Committee (785) 842-5774;
NATIVE AMERICAN ACTIVIST FILES LAWSUIT AGAINST FBI
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh is named as a defendant in a lawsuit
filed today by attorneys for imprisoned Native American activist, Leonard
Peltier. Freeh, along with the FBI Agents Association and a long list of
active FBI agents, are accused of violating Peltier's Constitutional rights
by making false and unsupported statements to the public, the Department of
Justice, the United States Parole Commission, and former President Clinton.
The complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, Washington D.C., alleges that
the FBI "engaged in a systematic, and officially sanctioned campaign of
mis-information and dis-information" designed to prevent Peltier from
receiving fair clemency and parole reviews.
The suit follows a highly controversial campaign conducted by
the FBI to stop former president Bill Clinton from issuing Peltier a grant
of executive clemency during his last days in office. FBI agents across the
nation submitted letters to the editor, sponsored major newspaper and radio
ads, and marched by the hundreds in front of the White House to discourage
clemency. Former FBI Director Louis Freeh wrote searing letters to Bill
Clinton and Janet Reno, to urge against Peltier's release. The campaign,
which gained national attention, characterized Peltier as a cold-blooded
killer who brutally shot two FBI agents at point blank range. Peltier's
attorneys and supporters assert that this characterization is not only false
but intentionally deceptive given the government's long held position that
it cannot prove who shot the agents. Furthermore, they say it cost Peltier,
now 57 years of age and in poor health, his long deserved freedom.
Peltier has served more than 26 years in prison for the deaths
of two FBI agents killed in a 1975 shoot-out on the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation. Peltier's supporters claim the FBI terrorized witnesses,
utilized false testimony and withheld a ballistic test proving Peltier's
innocence to gain his conviction. Senior Eighth Circuit Judge Gerald
Heaney, who denied Peltier a new trial based on a legal technicality, has
since come forward to support Peltier's release, citing FBI misconduct.
Amnesty International, the Kennedy Memorial Center for Human Rights, Rev.
Jesse Jackson, Rigoberta Menchu Tum, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Corretta Scott
King, and scores of Native tribes are among those who consider Peltier a
political prisoner who should be freed.
(Complaint will be posted on LPDC web site on April 4:  .
Interviews with lawyer handling case and spokespeople for the LPDC can be

@_date: 2002-04-03 11:59:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A.How to deal with psychiatric illness. 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER
Q: How would an anarchist society deal with people with psychiatric
A: One in four people will develop a psychiatric disorder within their
lifetime.  One in ten of the 25% of the population who develop a psychiatric
illness will develop an illness that puts them or the community at a serious
risk.  Anarchism as a political and social philosophy has a poor track
record of dealing with people with major psychiatric problems.  Many
anarchists believe that psychiatric illness is a direct result of a
situational crisis and in an anarchist community, psychiatric illness will
not be a problem.  Even if we accept this false assumption, it would take
generations for psychiatric illness to "wither" away.  Unfortunately,
although some psychiatric illness is related to life experiences and the
situation people find themselves in, some like physical illness, is due to
biological problems.  No attempt of love, understanding or support will
solve the problem.
What does an anarchist community do when somebody9s psychiatric problems,
leads them to cause harm to themselves or other people?  Does the community
let them do whatever they want?  Does it expel them?  Creating a caste of
outlaws in the process or are people9s freedoms restricted to protect them
and the community?  At the end of the day, the problems that an anarchist
community faces concerning psychiatric disturbances, is the same that any
other community faces.  The difference hopefully is the way that anarchists
deal with the problem.  All too often, it9s much too difficult and
anarchists ignore the problem hoping that it will go away.
So we9re back to square one.  What would we do?  One possible way of
tackling the problem is appointing or electing a panel with both lay people
and professionals on it, to look at cases that are referred to it.
Obviously in a time of crisis, the individual concerned would be restrained
and kept under observation in their own home or a secure facility until
assessed by the panel.  They would be offered treatment if there was any
significant delay in assessing their case.  If they refused treatment they
would be kept in a secure situation until assessed.
Bizarre behaviour, voluntary euthanasia, personality problems and any other
behaviour that does not pose a major threat to the individual concerned or
somebody else in the community, would not lead to that individual being
detained for assessment.  The panel would attempt to encourage the
individual concerned to undergo voluntary treatment, if they refused,
forcible treatment would have to be considered.  Doing nothing would put
both the individual and community at risk, creating a climate of fear,
loathing and vigilante justice.  It9s best to temporarily restrain somebody
and offer them or force them to have treatment, than waiting for them to
kill themselves, kill other members of the community they live in or seeing
them being killed by people who are defending themselves against unprovoked
attacks.

@_date: 2002-04-03 11:48:57
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Where's the fucking UN? 
WHERE9S THE UNITED NATIONS? As the situation in the Middle East deteriorates, the United Nations is conspicuous by its absence. Iraq, the former Yugoslavia, Rwanda, Somalia, Afghanistan and East Timor are a few of the world9s trouble spots where United Nations troops have been deployed in the past decade. The conflict between the Palestinian Authority and the Israeli State has been allowed to drag on without United Nations intervention because of the United States intransigence in the United Nations. Any permanent member of the United Nations Security Council can veto any resolution put before the United Nations. Time and time again, the United States has vetoed requests by the world body to have United Nations observers placed between Israeli and Palestinian forces. The Palestinian Authority has time and time again called for United Nations observers to be placed on the ground in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. The Israeli State9s refusal to recognise the Palestinian State has allowed them to ignore any requests for intervention, as they say that the problem is an internal problem not a problem between two states, so according to their logic, the United Nations has no mandate to intervene. The current cycle of violence cannot be resolved by either side or the United States. It9s a problem that potentially effects the whole world because Israel has a nuclear capacity that it will use, if it believes its existence is threatened. United Nations intervention would act as a brake on both the Israeli government and the Palestinian Authority. Israel9s current policy vacuum is isolating not just the Israeli State but Israeli citizens from the rest of the world. History tells us that no State can survive in isolation. As the pressure in the Middle East rises, its possible that even Israel9s staunchest ally, the United States, may abandon them to their fate, to protect their access to Middle East oil supplies. Israel9s continued survival depends on the establishment of a Palestinian State and establishment of economic and social links between itself and its neighbours. The policy being pursued by the Sharon government is a policy that if pursued to its logical conclusion, will lead not only to the destruction of the emerging Palestinian State but Israel itself. That9s why it9s important that these elements in Israel who are struggling against the Palestinian occupation and who refuse to support the war effort are supported by all of us. Joseph Toscano / Libertarian Workers for a Self-Managed Society

@_date: 2002-04-03 10:47:03
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Colin Powell needs killing 
Colin Powell, recently admitted that the War on Terrorism will never end "in our lifetime"?
Lets all chip in and make it a 'quicky'.(my APster 2$)
1982,Ronnie Reagan authorizes much broader
powers for the feds to hide/withhold information on citizens
on "national security" grounds.
"If the workers of the world want to win, all they have to do is recognize their own solidarity. They have nothing to do but fold their arms & the world will stop. The workers are more powerful with their hands in their pockets than all the property of the capitalists. As long as the workers keep their hands in their pockets, the capitalists cannot put theirs there. With passive resistance, with the workers absolutely refusing to move, lying absolutely silent, they are more powerful than all the weapons & instruments that the other side has for attack."
You don't remember the Wobblies.
You were too young.
Or else not even born yet.
There has never been anything like them, before or since.
--- James Jones, From Here to Eternity

@_date: 2002-04-03 10:43:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist bookstore raided. 
Australian Federal Police are Raiding people in Melbourne.
by Who me 2:06pm Tue Apr 2 '02 (Modified on 6:39pm Wed Apr 3 '02)
Barricade Books and info shop raided !
Today at 2:30 pm Australian Federal Police along with representatives from the immigration department raided Barricade Books an Anarchist book shop on Sydney Rd in Brunswick supposedly looking for escaped refugees.
FROM

@_date: 2002-04-02 09:52:46
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: GWBush badly needs killing 
Shrub;A wondering world can only, with Groucho Marx, ask: "Is there anything else you know absolutely nothing about?" V{Test transmission from sen.contstable nic Conte of the victorian police to the goons in the US Secret Service.
Please ignore subject header as we place the perp in a frame for hanging.Hows the weather?}
"Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?" - Juvenal, Satires, VI, 347.Identity theft is fun when your such pissweak personalities!

@_date: 2002-04-02 09:41:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RSA Security SEC FILINGS ALERT,Dump rsa stock.DUMP RSA! 
A Form 8-K regarding RSA Security has been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Click on the following hyperlink to view this filing:
 Please Note: The hyperlink for the filing may not retrieve the filing if
the address extends to more than one line. If this should occur, please
copy the full text of the address for the filing into the address box in
your web browser.
A Form 10-K regarding RSA Security has been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Click on the following hyperlink to view this filing:
 Please Note: The hyperlink for the filing may not retrieve the filing if
the address extends to more than one line. If this should occur, please
copy the full text of the address for the filing into the address box in
your web browser.
Hey pete,hows it going mate? Selling much in China?

@_date: 2002-04-02 09:40:40
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: World Wide Water. 
DYING FOR A DRINK Just in case you missed it the 22nd of March was World Water Day. It was celebrated in South Africa by remembering 260 people who have died in the recent Cholera epidemic. It started after the city council in Capetown started cutting off the water supply of people in townships who couldn't afford to pay for the 'service'. People who resisted were shot with live ammunition (see SchNEWS 326) Now the council have come up with the brilliant idea of auctioning off the houses of 400 families who can't pay, leaving them homeless. Most of the community were dumped in the poor quality council homes in Mfuleni in 1974, after being forcibly removed from other parts of the Western Cape under the Group Areas Act of the Apartheid government. The council homes were later supposed to be transferred to the tenants. The community agreed in a mass meeting last week that they would fight the eviction and, as a last resort reclaim the land they lived on before 1974 rather than become homeless after this second eviction. In Bolivia they celebrated World Water Day by acquitting the soldier that murdered 17 year old Victor Hugo Daza during the protests over the privatisation of the water system in Cochabamba two years ago (see SchNEWS286 and 339). Video footage from an independent Bolivian television network clearly showed Captain Robinson Iriarte de la Fuente, firing into a crowd of unarmed civilians, fatally wounding Victor in the head. This footage, seen by people in Bolivia and around the world, was apparently not considered as evidence at the trial. As a final insult, after the acquittal he was promoted to the rank of Major. In Colombia, another person fighting privatisation has been murdered. On 20 March, a leader of the Union Sindical Obrera (Oil Workers' Union), Rafael Jaimes Torra, was assassinated by paramilitaries. He is the eighty-fifth oil workers leader to be assassinated since 1988. To date no one has been prosecuted for any of these crimes. Rafael was involved in negotiations with the Colombian oil company Ecopetrol over their plans to privatise the industry. On Monday, two Ecopetrol workers, Jose Antonio Perez and Hernando Silva Cely, were abducted in Casanare and it's very likely that they will be tortured and executed. The government is doing nothing to obtain their release or prevent their deaths. To make helpful suggestions write to Dr Victor G Ricardo, Embassy of Colombia, Flat 3a, 3 Hans Crescent, London SW1X OLN. Fax: 020 7581 1829. Email: mail More info: Colombia Solidarity Campaign 07950 923448 colombia_sc

@_date: 2002-04-02 09:38:10
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: WAKE UP! WAKE UP! IT'S YER TECHNICAL DISASTER 
Grey Ooze dept.SIZE MATTERS "We are creators of new technologies... driven - this time by great financial rewards and global competition - despite the clear dangers, hardly evaluating what it may be like to try to live in a world that is the realistic outcome of what we are creating and imagining." - Bill Joy, chief scientist and co-founder of Sun Microsystems. It's being called the next industrial revolution - and with one research institute announcing that hundreds of three-legged robots the size of a thumb, complete with onboard computers, powerful microscopes, and biosensors will be ready to manufacture nano-scale materials by the middle of this year, it's a science coming our way soon. Welcome to nanotechnology. Once the stuff of science fiction, nanotechnology now seems the scientists' equivalent of porn. But what is a nano? A nanometre is a billionth of a metre. If you put fifty million nanos side by side they'd be the width of a human hair. Where biotechnology manipulates genes to alter their natural molecular composition, nanotechnology aims to build pretty much anything atom by atom or alter existing structures. Not surprisingly, the bio-tech and pharmaceutical corporations, not to mention NASA and the trigger-happy US military, are busily developing and funding nanotechnologies. (The U.S. Defense Department announced it would be spending $180 million on it this year alone.) The scope and impact of nanotech was brought home last month by researchers in Spain working with Kraft Foods. They are developing nano-capsules containing the colour, fragrance, and taste of tens of thousands of different drinks. The consumer would buy a generic liquid containing multiple-choice capsules (ranging from fruit juices to colas to wines and spirits). By exposing these capsules to different ultrasound or radio frequencies, the desired concoction would be released. Households would likely need nothing more sophisticated than a microwave-type device. This technology is delivering a series of almost magical inventions that are the most phenomenally lucrative ever seen. Mihail Roco, the National Science Foundation's senior advisor for nanotechnology warns that, "a nano elite could command unlimited wealth and power" while Paul Thompson, a professor of ethics at Purdue University says "There are some disturbing similarities between biotechnology and nanotechnology. This is a technology that, once it's out there, can't be called back." As Pat Mooney of ETC group in Canada points out "Nanotechnology must become a serious issue for the Rio+10 summit If governments don't address it there, we could find ourselves dealing with social and environmental issues that will make biotech look insignificant." Maybe that's why one of the most influential figures in computing Bill Joy wrote in Wired magazine that self-replicating nanobots are more dangerous than nuclear weapons and urged scientists to abandon nanotech for the good of mankind. * To keep up to date with these issues check out the excellent  * The Institute of Nanotechnology will be holding a two day conference bigging up their new microscopic mates at the Dynamic Earth Centre in Edinburgh 24-25 April.  * GM test sites for the coming year have recently been announced check 'em out at

@_date: 2002-04-02 08:51:11
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: E-Gold,old crocks. 
>>Tim May: > But it _doesn't_ store stacks of $20 bills.
  If it does not, then it has to have an intimate connection with a bank that does, and pressure is applied to it via that connection. <<
Hey james,didja meet Mongo's new friend Al?...Al Zeimer from Bel-air.With friends like Mongo and Al,you'll hardly need that ole enemies list you were working on,willya? HAHAHAHAHA! Some nosebleeds to amuse ya...dont thank me...
1915 - Francisco Sabate (El Quico), Spanish anarchist
guerilla extraordinaire, lives, in Barcelona.
1930 -- US: Price of "Progress"? The New-Kanawha
Power Company breaks ground on the Hawks Nest
Tunnel & Dam, part of the New River power project,
with an estimated 800 men employed.
Over the next five years, at least 476 workers,
mostly migrant blacks from the South, die from
silicosis. Some of the dead are buried in a mass
grave to hide the actual number of casualties.
1967 - Australia: Gurindji people occupy part of Wave Hill
Station, Northern Territory.
"poor bugger me Gurindji,working for lord vestey."
1972 - Great Britain imposes direct rule on Northern
1978 - Philippines: 10,000 demonstrate against Marcos.
1981 - US Acting President Ronald Reagan shot by John
Hinckley Jr. Wonder what john used exactly?
1981 - Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader Secretary
of State Alexander Haig declares he has assumed (illegally)
Acting control of the US. The Bit Part suits him, but he
needs a new scriptwriter.
1982 - West Germany: 80,000 demonstrate against nuclear
power, Wackersdorf.
If we feel the least degradation in being amorous, or
merry or hungry, or sleepy, we are so far bad animals
& miserable men.

@_date: 2002-04-07 09:49:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: mil disinfo on cryptome 
>>To be blunt, no official can be trusted, period, nor can any of their contractors who have agreed to abide the official rules. Which, as oft stated here, includes all state-empowered and privilieged professionals, from architects to lawyers to doctors to priests to acupuncturists, and not least, journalists who may pretend to authorize themselves but behave in accord with the rules of their privileged publishers. <<
I dont trust declan and the petrie dish,(peter Trei) for these reasons,I urge others not to either.Thanks jya.(1 architect we can rely on.)
The Govt seems to be concerned about losing its monopoly on disinfo,they wheeled out the big guns to hose down
'conspiracy theories' about 9-11.They must really think we're getting out of control! I KNOW the SS thinks we are.
Uncle Fester seems reasonably Kosher,not like Kurt Saxon,Tim May.Disinfo's shelf life keeps getting shorter,A.

@_date: 2002-04-07 10:04:16
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Julia Child was a Spook 
>>weasl>>"...You have so completely missed the point here that it's almost comical. The fact that we provide aid and encouragement to the nazi-like Israeli's is but a small part of our problem..."<<
Whats this 'we' whiteman? Do cypherpunks have a country? Is crypto-anarchy providing aid to Israeli's? The Internet itself is now bigger outside norte america than in and has been for a year or so,the gap is widening.To remain UScentric and anarcho-ignorant will make this site more of a laughing stock than it already is.Get with the (global) program.
Its the enviroment stupid.

@_date: 2002-04-22 00:30:11
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: 'Enigma' reviewed in Salon. 
Extract..."Enigma" has none of the thrill of the shock you find in the code-breaking sections of Neal Stephenson's novel "Cryptonomicon," a great fat boy's-book adventure for the cyber age. And it has none of the suspense you can still find in British wartime espionage movies like Carol Reed's "Night Train to Munich" or the enjoyably trifling "Q-Planes" with Laurence Olivier and Ralph Richardson. But World War II thrillers all work from an advantage; the importance of "the fight" is a given. We all have a stake in the outcome. Even with all its botches, "Enigma" offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment, familiar and worn out but with a professionalism that's rather comforting. It's not the great movie yet to be made on the subject, but I'm sure I'm not the only one grateful to the makers of "Enigma" for placing the credit for breaking the German code back it belongs: with the British. After the cultural theft perpetrated two years ago by "U-571," this modest restoration feels like an act of decency.

@_date: 2002-04-29 10:37:24
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: best of bleed. 
JULES BONNOT
Anarchist bank robber, inventor of the getaway car
1789 - Fletcher Christian led a group of mutineers against
Captain William Bligh aboard HMS Bounty in history's most
famous mutiny. Recounted by Charles Nordhoff & James Norman
Hall in a trilogy; the first book being Mutiny on the Bounty
1898 - Italy: In Anctne, a trial of the anarchists accused of
criminal conspiracy against "the public safety of people &
property" has been going on since the 21st. It follows the
failure of a General Strike in mid-January against price
increases for bread. The defendants are represented by the
anarchist lawyers Francisco Saviero Merlino, Pietro Gori &
Errico Ferri. Errico Malatesta will be sent to prison for seven
1919 - US: Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader Seattle mayor
Hanson gets a bomb in the mail. He declares the government
should "buck up & hand or incarcerate for life all the
anarchists." This was one of 36 bombs which turn up in the
mails across the nation.
1953 - Iran: After engineering the overthrow of the democratically
elected government, the CIA installs the Shah of Iran, beginning a
25-year dictatorship & reign of terrorism in that part of the
"Free World".
1967 - US: Muhammad Ali refuses induction, during the Vietnam
War, into the army & is stripped of his boxing title:
"No Viet Cong ever called me nigger."
1987 - Benjamin Linder, an American volunteer engineer from
Seattle, Washington is murdered by U.S.-sponsored Contras
(characterized by then-Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader
Pres. Reagan as "the moral equivalent of our founding
fathers") while working on a hydroelectric project in rural
The most violent element in society is ignorance."
 Emma Goldman
from the daily bleed with sweat and tears.

@_date: 2002-05-18 14:21:18
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Demon Central 
The world's problems on a plate
'In the US, 157 million metric tons of cereal, legumes and vegetable protein suitable for human use is fed to livestock to produce 28 million metric tons of animal protein for annual human consumption'
( Jeremy Rifkin via Guardian )
See also this article by Eric Schlosser from April 2001
Bush's Selective Distaste For Dictators
Article on the Bush administration's deeply hypocritical support for the government of Malaysia
( 'Laocovn' via TomPaine )
See also this commentary by John Gershman, this Washington Post article, this transcript of Bush's remarks on Tuesday, this US State Dept assessment of human rights in Malaysia, and this Human Rights Watch report
Frankencorn Threatens Mexico's Ancient Maize
'Critics have warned that GE corn should never be imported into Mexico - the most important world centre of biodiversity for corn - since the gene pool of the nation's 20,000 corn varieties and plant relatives, including the progenitor species of corn, called teosinte, could be irreversibly damaged by "genetic pollution" from the genetically engineered (herbicide-resistant or Bt-spliced) maize being aggressively marketed by Monsanto, Syngenta (formerly called Novartis) and other agbiotech ( Ronnie Cummins via AlterNet )
See also this blog entry from December,LINKS

@_date: 2002-05-17 21:46:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Paul McNulty,Robert Wiechering need killing. 
Drink or die.
Profrv warns all readers not to attend any illegal gatherings or take part in criminal activities. Just stay at home, watch TV and go on endless shopping sprees, filling your lives with pointless consumer crap, then you'll feel happy. Honest.

@_date: 2002-05-17 21:26:55
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Earth Liberation Prisoner Of War Marco Camenisch 
Marco Camenisch has now finished his 12 year prison sentence for eco-activity in Italy. But sadly, as expected, he has been extradited to Switzerland where he is to serve the remainder of a 10 year prison sentence there for eco-activity (back in the 70's & 80's Marco used explosives to destroy power lines which led to nuclear facilities). Marco is also due to stand trial charged with escaping from prison during a mass break out where some prisoners hijacked a piece of heavy machinery and smashed through a security wall!!! Marco is also charged with allegedly murdering a guard during the break out (something he denies). Marco's new prison address is: Marco Camenisch Hornlistr. 55, 8330 Pfaffikon, Switzerland.
Animal Liberation Front is taking responsibility for the May 03 fire set under several trucks belonging to Sims Poultry in Bloomington, IN.

@_date: 2002-05-17 21:17:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Warhead-Fuck all Governments 
> soja2
Welcome to next issue of WARHEAD. Few months passed since last issue.
Because of that I resigned from publishing some older actions, if you want
to read about them, you should check Abolishing Borders from Below  and
you will know everything. As usual there were plenty of actions and other
activity and what you can read here is far from being complete list of
events. Enjoy.
Workers Initiative
Workers Initiative of an Anarchist Federation is a new group, finally formed
after discussions in a movement about necessity of forming group which would
deal with workers problems etc. As for now they are present in few cities,
there are few papers published about the subject and whole idea is slowly
getting popularity. Workers Initiative was present during few conflicts
between workers and employers in Szczecin's shipyard and in other places.
Food Not Bombs
Food Not Bombs network is growing in Poland. There are already groups in
Szczecin, Wroclaw, Gliwice, Bialystok, Poznan, Zielona Gora, Lodz and few
other places. Some of them distribute food regularly every week or even
twice a week, some of them do it on less regular basis.
Anti-Fascist Actions in Bialystok
Bialystok is place of continuous conflict between growing nazi movement and
militant fractions of anti-fascists. On 27th of April there was an
Anti-Fascist demonstration. Half an hour before demo started Antifa security
group of 8 people attacked 30 people strong group of nazis waiting for the
demonstration. In scuffle which resulted from that one anti-fascist and 4
nazis were injured and fascist bastards were forced to run. Additionally
they were afterwards stopped by police. Demonstration was very loud and
colourful with over 120 people participating. During demonstration car with
fascists inside was attacked and front window was damaged, but police
prevented more serious action. After demonstration in the evening nazis 6
times tried to attack the squat but each time were chased by Antifa crew. In
night few nazis were also attacked on the bus stop by Antifa patrol, at
least one of them seriously injured. Level of confrontation is increasing in
Bialystok as Anti-Fascists are doing more and more militant actions against
the nazis. In recent case leader of nationalist and racist band from
Bialystok got attacked in his home during "night visit" from anti-fascist
crew. There was also one serious attack of about 20 nazis on the squat. They
were repelled with bottles and stones, but they broke windows or damaged in
other way 3 cars on a parking lot belonging to people who live in
neighbourhood. Antifa is patrolling streets on daily basis now and most
attempts of nazis to do something are finished before they have chance to
More trials against anarchists in Bialystok
There are already few people from local groups charged with various charges.
There are also over 40 misdemeanour trials against anarchist from all over
Poland who participated in support action outside prison for one of our
comrades and few other actions. One of squatters from Bialystok, Jan
Stolarski was jailed in Gliwice, after he broke conditions of his release
from prison, where he was serving time for assault on a nazi skinhead. His
release date is September 2003. Another activist from Bialystok is charged
with assault and robbery after he participated in attack on nazi skinheads
on a bus stop. Trial of "Rufik", anti-fascist accused of assault with an
dangerous item on a nazi skinhead is going to be finished at the end of May.
"Lapa"- another anti-fascist accused of Grevious Body Harm is still waiting
for his trial. Other trials also didn't start yet.
1st May actions
In Slupsk about 200 anarchists took part in May Day action and disrupted
speech of parliament member of a "leftist" party SLD. Police tried to push
anarchists out of the place and some scuffles broke out. Later demonstrators
broke through police lines and blocked traffic on the streets, marching
around the city. After a demonstration police was following demonstrators
and filming them. People put some trash containers on the street to block
the way for police car. After some time in empty street dispersing people
got attacked by police. More scuffles erupted, at least two cops were
injured, one police car was hit with a brick. Police detained 8 people, most
probably they will be charged with misdemeanour and one of them is charged
with double assault on police officer, not giving ID to police and violent
resistance. Some local residents also joined action. In Wroclaw group of
anarchists and socialists disrupted speech of SLD members but they were
pushed back by security of the event. In Warsaw over 500 people took part in
Parade of Equality, demonstration for queer rights. In Lodz about 150 people
took part in street party.
New squats and some news about older ones!
There is a new squat in Czestochowa, in old monasteryJ . It is called
"Little Mary". As for now, no more infos about this squat. In Bialystok
"DeCentrum" squat is preparing for some trouble, as city council sold ruins
around the squat and all area will be better for investments. There are also
plans to squat another building soon. Freedom in Wroclaw as for now managed
with all troubles from city council and they are still in control of the
building but no one knows for how long and their situation is still
Solidarity actions with occupied Palestine
In Wroclaw, Warsaw, Poznan and Lodz there were anarchist solidarity actions
with Palestinians. All the time it was clearly stated that both Arafat and
Sharon are murderers. In Lodz there was also program in anarchist radio
about problems of Palestinians. In Wroclaw nazis tried to join a
demonstration but after short scuffle they were forced to go away.
Women's Day Celebrations
There was an action in Warsaw as a celebration of Women's Day. About 400
participants took part in march demanding equal rights for women,
availability of abortion and against domestic violence. There was also
strong anarcho-feminist presence.
In Bialystok squatters organised a street theatre in the centre of the city,
gave leaflets and put banners with feminists slogans etc.
Anti-police action in Bialystok
About 30 people from Bialystok participated in action against police to
protest against rape committed by two cops on a woman in a police car and
decision of the court which stated that it wasn't a rape because she didn't
resist. Main slogan for the action was "Uniform protects rapist". Action
took part in front of police and secret service HQ. As organisers forgot to
invite media, cops saw it as a chance to stop the action. They detained 15
people, saying that protest is illegal. After 2 hours all were released
without charges but police confiscated some banners and leaflets.
Chechnyan refugees actions
In Warsaw, Bialystok and Lublin Chechnyan refugees made for few days hunger
strikes and they also handed out petition to Polish authorities and media
protesting conditions they are kept in. Also now Polish authorities decided
that war in Chechnya is over and they can be sent home and they are not in
danger anymore. Of course this is bullshit as war in this area is still on
and people die there on daily basis. Most of the media ignored those
protests, although surprisingly most pro European Union paper covered action
widely. This is first sign that we have problem of refugees and state racism
too and that Polish state is becoming part of Fortress Europa- this
treatment of refugees is linked directly to fact that Polish government
tries to enter EU.
Start of Anti-EU actions
In Warsaw on 11th of May group of about 30 anarchists joined so called
Schumann's Parade- parody of public support for EU organised by government
to show that all citizens are happy with this idea. Anarchist mocked idea of
the parade, had banners which were pretending to be pro-EU but in fact were
making very bad impression about this shitty institution. For some time
organisers of this shitty spectacle didn't even realise that they were
manipulated and that anarchists managed to sneak into a march. Action ended
with no arrests. There are plans for more anti-EU action in various cities
as government started huge propaganda campaign now.
Alter-EE mailing list

@_date: 2002-05-17 21:11:31
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Inside SchNEWS 
* Ex-Black Panther Robert King Wilkerson speaks about the case of the
      Angola 3 who were framed for organising the local chapter of the
      Black Panther Party for Self Defence in Angola (Louisiana state
      penitentiary). Robert talks about 29 years behind bars, and the two
      men still imprisoned for a crime they did not commit! The Queens
      Head (opposite Brighton train station), 21st May, 7pm
    * Brighton Animal Rights Campaign have a demo against Proctor and
      Gamble outside Sainsbury's on London Road, 1pm 25th May.
This week saw one of the most senior Russian officers facing trial for
the murder two years ago of Kheda Kungayev, an 18-year-old Chechen girl.
This is the first trial of a Russian soldier over any atrocity that has
occured in Chechnya since Russia invaded in 1999. (See Schnews 334)
After getting drunk the general and his men seized Kheda Kungayev. She
was taken from her home, bound in a blanket, to the colonel's sleeping
quarters. What is clear from the initial post mortem is that Kheda was
then stripped and beaten, before being raped and finally strangled.
Although the colonel does not deny the killing, he claims that he
strangled Kheda in a moment of rage during a night-time interrogation,
which is being fully supported by the State's psychiatrists. He is
claiming temporary insanity and if the court accepts this then he can
walk free.
While large-scale fighting in Chechnya nominally ended in 2000, Russian
forces continue to detain hundreds of people without charges. Pressure
from the UN and human rights organisations have forced the Russian
authorities to introduce some improvements, including the formal opening
of investigations of war crimes although they have refused to allow
designated UN human rights investigators into Chechnya. Unsurprisingly
most abuses remain uninvestigated which could expain why only one
soldier has been brought to trial when thousands of civilians have been
killed by Russian forces.
For more info see Human Rights Watch An international day of action is taking place on 5th June in solidarity
with the 41 people who have so far been sent to prison after the
protests during last summer's EU Summit in Gothenberg. (see SchNEWS
310). Many of the convictions have been based on very dodgy evidence and
sentences are extremely harsh. Organisers of the day of action are
calling for people to protest outside Swedish embassies, consulates or
to do other similar actions in solidarity with the prisoners, and to
call for the halt of the criminalisation of summit protesters.
Evgeni Novozhilov, a human rights activist and anarchist sympathiser has
been sent to a mental hospital in Krasnodar, on the false charge of
practising a "hoax about an act of terror". Two years ago he wrote an
article in the local paper about the atrociites the Russian army
committed in the 1994 Chechen civil war, since then he has been harassed
by the FSB (former KGB). He has been imprisoned since last October, for
an indefinite period, after the FSB tapped one of his phonecalls where
he made a vague reference to skyscrapers and planes. This repression of
free speech is akin to the soviet era where forced treatment in mental
hospitals was a notorious anti-dissident tool. Evgeni feels very
isolated and desperately wants to make contact with other people.
Contact him through his mother, by writing to:
Evgeni Novozhilov, ul. Ignatova 51, kv. 105, 350061 Krasnodar, Russia.
Evgeni speaks English, German and Swedish. Read more about the case at
A release fund has been set up for Mark Barnsley, the framed anarchist
prisoner from Sheffield. Mark will have served 8 years this summer, and
is expected to be released but will be homeless. His case has only just
gone before the Criminal Cases Review Commission so he'll need money to
continue his case from the outside, travel expenses etc. Send
cheques/Postal Orders (made out to "Mark Barnsley Release Fund") /train
vouchers (and anything else useful you can think of!) to Mark Barnsley
Release Fund, Sumac Centre, Box CC, 73 Beech Avenue, Nottingham, NG7
This weekend Emma Murphy-Ellis who was sentenced to four months
imprisonment in Portland, Oregon for blocking a road in front of a
forest that was being destroyed is celebrating her 19th Birthday. Send
letters of support and birthday cards to: Emma Murphy-Ellis Clackamas
County Jail 9000 SE McBrod Milwaukie, OR 97222, USA.
Haven Distribution who supply books to prisoners have a new catalogue,
available to prisoners for a second class stamp. They are also very
skint and need donations. Haven Distribution, 27 Old Gloucester Street,
London WC1N 3XX.

@_date: 2002-05-17 21:08:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: WAKE UP! WAKE UP! IT'S YER BUSH BASHIN'... SchNEWS 
FROM This week's SchNEWS: AMERICAN WET DREAM
On Tuesday the UN Security Council unanimously voted to overhaul the
economic sanctions against Iraq - a move so radical it was immediately
condemned by the sanctions-busting group Voices in the Wilderness, four
of whom are currently in Iraq distributing medical supplies. They called
the resolution "a deadly fraud that will do little to alleviate the
ongoing humanitarian crisis."
Forget the cruel tyrant Saddam Hussein (once supported by the West when
he towed their line), what about the ordinary people of Iraq? Who,
thanks to these economic sanctions imposed on them by the West for
nearly 12 years have seen 500,000 of their children die. Denis Halliday
and Hans Von Sponeck, who were both at one time responsible for the UN's
humanitarian programme in Iraq, both resigned in protest at what the
sanctions were doing. Last year they wrote, "The death of 5-6,000
children a month is mostly due to contaminated water, lack of medicines
and malnutrition."
And it will be the ordinary Iraqi people who wil again be suffering if
President Bush and his cronies use their so-called war on terrorism to
start bombing a country, that has already been bombed back to the dark
ages. The Pentagon's 'medium case scenario' is that a war on Iraq could
condemn to death more than 10,000 civilians. But this could be even
worse if, as journalist John Pilger puts it, the Americans "implement
their current strategy of 'total war' and target Iraq's electricity and
Not that we should forget that American and British aircraft have, in a
largely forgotten war, been bombing Iraq week-in week-out, for more than
four years. The Wall Street Journal reported that the US and Britain
faced a "dilemma" because "few targets remain." "We're down to the last
outhouse" bemoaned a Pentagon official.
Still, the US insists that action is necessary because Iraq has been
defying United Nations resolutions and represents an imminent threat to
the world, and to the U.S. in particular. Excuse us, but defying UN
resolutions and ignoring international treaties is what the Bush
administration does best, with Bush making it clear that he will not
honour any treaty if he reckons it might harm U.S. interests. In fact
just last week Bush pulled out of the International Criminal Court - you
know that radical idea to create the world's first permanent tribunal to
prosecute people for war crimes, genocide, and other crimes against
humanity (see SchNEWS 326).
Bush and his militaristic government argue that they have to bomb Iraq
because Saddam won't comply with United Nations weapons inspectors. So
best forget that the Bush administration denied international inspectors
access to U.S. chemical and biological weapons-related facilities
because it might violate "commercial interests".
Still the truth slipped out earlier this month when US Secretary of
State Colin Powell said "regardless of what the inspectors do, the
people of Iraq and the people of the region would be better off with a
different regime in Baghdad." Not that SchNEWS could disagree with that
- a lot of countries would be better off without dictators and corrupt
governments - it's just the US wants another Saddam Hussein, but this
time one who'll do what they say.
Meanwhile Cuba is now being added to the US hit list, because hey the US
right has always hated Cuba. In a speech entitled 'Beyond the Axis of
Evil', Under Secretary of State John Bolton pointed the finger at Cuba
because of the country's advanced biomedical industry. Forget that
Cuba's advance biomedics has more do with their better-than-the-US
Health Service and their policy of sending doctors to help third world
countries (so hey, let's add them to the list). Plus Castro's visits
last year to three "rogue states" accused by the US state department of
sponsoring terrorism: Iraq, Syria and Libya. "States that renounce
terror and abandon WMD [weapons of mass destruction] can become part of
our effort," Mr Bolton said. "But those that do not can expect to become
our targets."
So it's back to that old "you are either with us or against us" mantra.
Each new stage of the war against terrorism makes it clearer that the
real aim has little to do with what happened on September 11th and more
to do with what the American military describes as "full spectrum
dominance". A document from the US Space Command spells it out "The
United States will remain a global power and exert global
leadership.Widespread communications will highlight disparities in
resources and quality of life - contributing to unrest in developing
countries.." So while everyone else must abandon those weapons of mass
destruction the US this week got the green light from Russia this week
to go ahead with its plan for the National Missile Defence Project or
Star Wars II to keep us all in check (SchNEWS 307).
Rotten Apple Pie
When it comes to Israel of course then it's a different tune. Israel has
been defying U.N. resolutions for more than 30 years. No action has been
taken against their bloody and illegal rampage through Palestine. Hey,
they were after terrorists. They face no sanctions for blocking a United
Nations fact-finding mission into military action at the Jenin refugee
camp. In fact their two fingers to the world earned them a serious
reprimand in the US Senate who er. voted for an increase in military aid
to Israel.
Is this because the Palestinian civilians, just like the Iraqis and the
five thousand Afghani civilians killed in the last holy war against
terror, are what John Pilger calls the Unpeople. "The killing of Iraqi
infants, like the killing of Chechens, like the killing of Afghan
civilians, is rated less morally abhorrent than the killing of
America's war on terrorism is just another word for imperialism - and
Iraq is currently head of its wish list of countries where a new head of
state needs to be put in place, one that will be a lot more open to
Uncle Sam's way of doing things.
* John Pilger's new book The New Rulers of the World will be published
by Verso soon. Read more of his articles at * The sanction busters will be giving a report on their visit next
Friday (24) at Conway Hall, Red Lion Square, London (nearest tube
Holborn) 7.30pm. Contact: Voices in the Wilderness 08454 560282
* Bypass the corporate media:  Taking the Peace
Israeli Human rights organisation B'Tselem has just published a report
showing that Israel has illegally taken over 42% of the West Bank since
they first occupied the area in 1967. Although built-up Jewish
settlements occupy only 1.7% of the land, various excuses, including
seizure for 'military needs', for being 'abandoned assets' and even an
obscure 19th century Law about 'state Land' - has been used to take over
the rest. Although the land grabbing is a violation of international law
and of the Palestinians' human rights it is upheld by the Israeli high
court. The settlers are not only more privileged than the Palestinians,
they are treated better than other Israelis. In 2000, settlement
councils received 165% more land than councils in other territories.

@_date: 2002-05-17 21:03:42
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Best of bleed. 
1968 - Back Draft I? "Catonsville Nine," including Phil &
Dan Berrigan, break into Catonsville, Maryland draft board
center & burn over 600 draft files.
1968 - France: Today the Occupations Committee, including
members of the Situationist International (SI) & the enragis
from Nanterre University, sent the following telegram to the
Communist Party of the USSR:
SHAKE IN YOUR SHOES BUREAUCRATS STOP
THE INTERNATIONAL POWER OF THE WORKERS'
COUNCILS WILL SOON WIPE YOU OUT STOP
HUMANITY WILL NOT BE HAPPY UNTIL THE LAST
BUREAUCRAT IS HUNG WITH THE GUTS OF THE LAST
CAPITALIST STOP
LONG LIVE THE STRUGGLE OF THE KRONSTADT
SAILORS AND OF THE MAKHNOVSCHINA AGAINST
TROTSKY AND LENIN STOP LONG LIVE THE 1956
COUNCILIST INSURRECTION OF
BUDAPEST STOP DOWN WITH THE STATE STOP
1968 - France: Several thousand students march for the
second time in 24 hours from the Sorbonne to the Renault
works in spite of the opposition of the trade unions which are
afraid of revolutionary contamination.
This evening the "mad ones" also affect the TV industry,
& France is faced with a radio & television stoppage.
The take over of factories & paralysis of government is the
nation's most severe revolt since the 1871 Paris Commune.
In the next few days, sit-in strikes spread through the
engineering & chemical industries, coal mines cease
production, & mass transit, rail travel & postal service
come to a standstill. The strike also spurs middle-
professionals, including civil servants, teachers &
television workers to strike.
Over 10 million workers
are involved with occupations in 120 factories.
1972 - Italy: Milan police chief Luigi Calabresi, in charge
at the time police "suicided" the anarchist Giuseppe Pinelli
on December 15, 1969, is assassinated.
Much more at the daily Bleed.

@_date: 2002-05-17 20:42:36
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The millicent ghetto IS the prize. 
From the creative commons site."You're making a movie and need still images. You're starting out as a photographer and want to spread the word. You're teaching a course and need materials. You've written an article and you want people to analyze it. You're building a website and need graphics. You're a digital artist who wants to collaborate with other artists. You're performing a concert and need a symphony. You've composed a symphony and want people to perform it."
Your planning the demise of an authoritarian oligarchy,you need mutal funds,who are gonna' call?Questions? Comments? Death Threats? >> We want to hear from you! What is your opinion.

@_date: 2002-05-17 20:34:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: C8 Ministers need killing 
Anal retentives.
"Free thought, necessarily involving freedom of speech &
press, I may tersely define thus: no opinion a law --
no opinion a crime."
---Alexander Berkman

@_date: 2002-05-16 23:27:54
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Weapons of math destruction 
R. H. Coase wrote two very interesting articles in The Journal of Law and Economics, called "The Federal Communications Commission" (Oct. 1959) and "The Interdepartment Radio Advisory Committee" (Oct. 1962). These articles focus on the two key agencies in the United States that manage spectrum allocation policy. He argues that because the set of frequencies is limited, the proper method for allocation is to create a market in frequencies. I am a great admirer of Coase's clear systems thinking, especially his work on transaction cost economics, for which he won the Nobel. The problem with his argument is that his understanding of information theory and communications is pre-Shannon - when we begin measuring the utility of the spectrum in terms of its information capacity and options to connect, rather than the number of frequency channels, the scarcity argument does not apply. However, these are excellent articles, which everyone involved in the debate must read - I hope to find online Links etc at...

@_date: 2002-05-16 22:11:04
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Global Killing;temps nudging 50*c kill 450.(Thats 
Indian heatwave kills 450
May 16, 2002
HYDERABAD, India: A heatwave has killed 450 people in the past week in the sweltering coastal belt of the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, a state relief official said.
Fresh reports of deaths, mainly among the poor, elderly, and laborers such as agricultural workers and rickshaw pullers, pushed the official toll to 450 since May 10, said Jagdish Reddy, the assistance secretary of relief.
Temperatures were as high as 41 degrees Celsius today along the coast of the Bay of Bengal, he said.
The temperature had fallen in the capital, Hyderabad, and in some coastal cities, such as Vijaywada, 270 kilometres to the east, where it dropped from 49 degrees Celsius last week to 36 degrees today, said Meteorological Centre director CVV Bhadram in Hyderabad.
"I have seen many summers but nothing like this year," said Bheemudu, 44, a rickshaw puller of Vijaywada who uses only one name. "When the hot wind hit my face, I felt as if I was set on fire."
Bheemudu said he could not work for four days "and it was very difficult to survive without working. Even nights were unbearably hot."
Light rain gave some relief yesterday, and the heat wave warning was withdrawn for many areas. The boost in humidity was uncomfortable, but many people resumed work.
It has been an abnormally hot May, the peak of the northern summer in southern India, with dry winds blowing from the northwestern deserts much earlier than usual. Temperatures have been seven per cent higher than normal for the month.
New Delhi and other parts of north India also were wilting under a hot spell, but summer has hit southerners the hardest.
The heat wave in Andhra Pradesh has come as a shock because the state "is far ahead of other states in increasing the green cover and in conservation of water," said Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu, the top elected official in the state.
Naidu said a committee of scientists would look into whether the heat wave had anything to do with global warming.

@_date: 2002-05-16 21:50:23
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: true threats 
Federal Appeals Court Says Abortion Foes Intimidated Doctors
By David Kravets Associated Press Writer
Published: May 16,
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A federal appeals court reversed course Thursday and ruled that anti-abortion activists who created Wild West-style posters and a Web site targeting abortion doctors can be held liable because their works amounted to illegal threats, not free speech.
However, the sharply divided 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ordered a lower-court judge to reduce the $107 million in damages a Portland, Ore., jury awarded to four doctors who sued a dozen of the abortion foes.
At issue was whether the posters and Web sites violated a 1994 federal law that makes it illegal to incite violence and threaten abortion doctors. In its 6-5 decision, the appeals court called the works a "true threat."
The same court had come to an opposite decision last year. Many members of Congress and others had said if the court's original ruling had stood, the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act would have been gutted.

@_date: 2002-05-16 21:36:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Diffie deals with the devil 
RSA,is it just a coincidence that SUN will now start charging for star
office.The 1st hit is always free with these corporate criminals.
daily bleed
1717 -- Voltaire (Frangois Marie Arouet) suspected of
writing subversive satire, is imprisoned for the first time
in the Bastille.
1792 -- Denmark becomes first Western country to outlaw
slave trade. (or 1791?)
1871 -- Paris Commune, following the decree of April 12,
destroys the Vendtme Column ("monument de barbarie").
1887 -- Maria Lacerda de Moura (1887-1945) lives, Minas Gerais,
Portugal. Teacher, feminist, journalist & anarchist writer.
1901 -- Gustave Lefrancais (1826-1901) dies. French
revolutionary, member of the First International, of the
Paris Commune, & a founder of the anarchist Jurassic
Federation. Lefrancais helped Elisie Reclus in producing
his famed "Giographie Universelle."
1904 -- US: US Supreme Court upholds the deportation of
British anarchist John Turner. The court rules that Congress
has unlimited power to exclude aliens & deport those who have
entered in violation of the laws, including philosophical
1910 -- Henri-Edmond Cross (aka Delacroix) (1856-1910)
dies. French neo-impressionist/pointillist painter, illustrator,
1943 -- The Warsaw ghetto resistance is crushed by the
Nazis. 56,000 die in the process.
1962 -- US sends Marines to Thailand in response to gains
by rebel Pathet Lao in neighboring Laos.
1967 -- South Vietnam: Nhat Chi Mai immolates herself in
Saigon to protest the war.
1968 -- France, May '68: The upheaval
continues, universities, factories, places
of work shut down or occupied. Permanent
forums, going 24-hours a day,

@_date: 2002-05-16 20:36:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Dear peter (Trei) 
, "John Young" , "DeafCon ChainSaw McCullagh"  Cc: "C J Parker"  Subject: If You Ever Wanted To "GO FUCK YOURSELF" Now's Your Chance...
I need some information in regards to my legal case, and I would like to state
right off the top that I recognize that anyone who attempts to help me to
use the legal system to achieve justice is a Stupid SonOfABitch who is
begging to become a CocaColaConspirator in my current 2255 Motion
which will undoubtedly bring 'Obstruction Of Justice' [Vernacular
Translation: "Tightening Your AssHole When Robb London And
Jeff Gordon Are Trying To Put Something In It"] charges and provide
justification for the U.S. to bomb Sweden.
There is a post to the CypherPunks Disturbed Male LISP which
put a gun to my head and forced its way onto my computer [That's
my story, and I'm sticking to it. (I'm not allowed to access the list,
eh?)] in which 'Uncle' Gene Grantham [the government's GoToGuy
when they wanted to keep Youssef Karroum (Canadian Shopping
Terrorist) from being DoubleFucked and then having his records
sealed] is offering to provide copies of information which I was
being denied right up to the end of my trial.
[Subject: CJ Trial Docs From: JYA Date: Sat, 17 Apr 1999]
In particular, he mentions that he had *already* sent copies of his
"free speech brief" to John Gilmore and Declan.
OfCourseOfCourse [TM] this just warms my fucking heart to no
fucking end to find out that, in the course of keeping me ignorant
of his planned defense (which I had already rejected as not
feasible) he was letting the rest of the fucking world know all
about it.
I would appreciate it if anyone in possession of the mentioned
"free speech brief" could send me a copy, as well as anything
else regarding my case that they received from Grantham during
his...uuuhhh, I mean *my*...trial.
I understand if you don't want to do so. If this is the case, think
about whether you have anything that you could send me
anonymously, by email or snailmail, that would help me to
find out what was becoming public information while I
was being denied access to it.
Carl E. Johnson
4343 Lincoln Ave. NE,
Renton, WA 98056
p.s.- Thanks to the 'anonymous' attorney who has been sending
me legal help.
CJ Parker ICQ 138724628
"The True Story Of The InterNet"
The Xenix ChainSaw Massacre
WebWorld & The Mythical Circle Of Eunuchs
InfoWar: Final Frontier Of The Digital rEvolution
Space Aliens Hide My Drugs
This is before my time,maybe you can help.

@_date: 2002-05-15 18:30:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Kuwait crackdown.What was the gulf war for again? 
Fifty internet cafes in Kuwait are reported to have had their licences temporarily withdrawn.
The internet cafes are accused by the Kuwaiti authorities of offering access to pornographic sites.
Pornography is strictly forbidden in Kuwait.
Kuwait's ministry of communication began random checks of internet cafes last week.
An official from the communication ministry has said that the random checks will continue to ensure that the cafes are using filtering systems to prevent access to pornographic sites required under Kuwaiti law.
A Kuwaiti newspaper, al-Rai al-Aam, has reported that some internet cafes have been offering sexual services in closed booths - including lessons on the use of the internet from Asian female attendants.
Regulating the web
New regulations on internet access are expected to be made law in Kuwait soon.
Kuwait has about 300 licensed internet cafes, according to the communication ministry.
The country has one of the highest internet access and usage rates in the Gulf region.
Internet access in the Middle East in general is a highly sensitive issue, partly because of access to pornography.
Some states have blocked access to web sites put up by political opposition States such as Dubai and Bahrain have sought to embrace online technologies whilst regulating internet access heavily.
The phillipines are in bluenose mode too,fucking catholics...

@_date: 2002-05-15 18:22:57
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Sneak up Tampa bay 
TAMPA - Hillsborough County Commissioner Ronda Storms, worried about threatening statements on public access TV, has applied for a state concealed weapons permit.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the FBI are conducting a standard background search, which generally takes about 90 days.
Storms said she wouldn't carry the gun at work and would follow local and state gun laws. She has taken courses on handling weapons.
The commissioner has been at the center of an effort to end county funding for public access cable television. The bawdy ``White Chocolate Show'' featured video of a nude woman fondling herself in a shower, and Storms has complained of obscenity.
A subsequent show included video of a woman being beaten in Ybor City and men calling in threatening statements about Storms.
Storms said one caller said: ``I'm going to go out to her house; I'm going to creep up behind her and sodomize her.''
State Attorney Mark Ober ruled last week that the TV show isn't obscene and ``cannot reasonably be construed as a serious expression of an intent to do That infuriated Storms.
``That is extremely threatening,'' she said. ``And any woman would feel threatened, and I don't get why some of the men in law enforcement don't get it.''
Charles Perkins, who created the show and plays the reformed pimp White Chocolate, supports Storms' right to apply for the weapons permit but said she is applying for the wrong reasons.
``The right to bear arms is protected by the Constitution, so more power to her,'' he said. ``But it's kind of extreme. No way do I condone violence against anyone.''
The public access fight has pitted the First Amendment rights of TV producers against viewers who don't like nudity and profanity - and worse.
Stations across the country have had to deal with potential obscenity and threatening behavior. But legal precedent makes it nearly impossible to reject programming unless it's deemed illegal by a judge.
Hillsborough officials now charge that Speak Up Tampa Bay, the nonprofit group operating the station, has breached its contract on unrelated issues. Commissioners will take up that matter Wednesday.
At least one group has formed to support Storms. Members of No Taxes for Public Access passed out fliers in area churches Sunday asking people to flood county commissioners with calls and letters.

@_date: 2002-05-15 14:42:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: MABO DAY - JUNE THE 3rd 
Monday June the 3rd marks the tenth anniversary of Mabo Day, a day that has important ramifications for Australian Society. Mabo Day is a day that is virtually unknown and ignored by most Australians. On the third of June 1992 the High Court of Australia rejected the ridiculous notion of "Terra Nullius", that this land was not occupied before European colonisation. Eddie Mabo a Torres Strait man born on Mex in the Torres Strait and living in Townsville in Queensland conducted a ten year battle through the courts that led to this historic judgement. The Mabo Judgement states in law that indigenous Australians have by prior occupation ownership of land where native title has not been extinguished. June the 3rd, ten years ago marks the beginning of a reconciliation process between indigenous and non-indigenous Australians that is based in law, not charity. It opened up a new chapter in the often difficult relationship between indigenous and non-indigenous Australians. This year9s tenth anniversary celebrations will be held around Australia. Mabo Day will not only be celebrated in the Torres Strait, it will be celebrated by the Torres Strait Islanders community through out Australia. Torres Strait Islanders Australians forgotten indigenous people, view the 10th anniversary celebrations as an inclusive celebration for all Australians. In Victoria, the Wongai Corporation (the organisation of Torres Strait Islanders living in Victoria) is holding a celebratory march, festival and Mayoral exchange between the Mayor of the Torres Strait and Melbourne to mark the Day. The day begins at 9:30 a.m on Monday June the 3rd in the new park behind Federation Square next to the Yarra. After speeches, participants will march to Melbourne Town Hall for the beginning of a Torres Strait Islander9s cultural day at the hall. If you are one of those millions of Australians who view the 26th of January as invasion day, if your one of those Australians who are concerned about the transformation of Anzac Day into a defacto Australia Day, then June the 3rd is the day to set the record straight. If there is one day that can be viewed as "Australia Day" it9s Mabo Day, the day that the possibility of reconciliation between indigenous and non-indigenous Australians become a reality. Where ever you live in Australia, make contact with your local Torres Strait Islanders Community, (over 50,000 Torres Strait Islanders live on the mainland) and see what their plans are for Mabo Day. Join them and celebrate this important historic occasion.

@_date: 2002-05-15 14:22:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Wolfram's "convergence of theoretical physics with computer 
Wow,just when all the theoretical physics models are in play.
COVER STORY: Blinding flash
It came from the far reaches of the cosmos and could destroy everything we thought we knew about how the Universe works. Michael Brooks fears for the future of physics
"Immediately after established governments have been overthrown, communes will have to reorganise themselves along revolutionary lines . . . In order to defend the revolution, their volunteers will at the same time form a communal militia. But no commune can defend itself in isolation. So it will be necessary to radiate revolution outward, to raise all of its neighbouring communes in revolt . . . and to federate with them for common defence." [_No Gods, No Masters_, vol. 1, p. 142]Bakunin.AND "...all provinces, communes and associations . . . [will] delegate deputies to an agreed place of assembly (all . . . invested will binding mandated and accountable and subject to recall), in order to found the federation of insurgent associations, communes and provinces . . . and to organise a revolutionary force with the capacity of defeating the reaction ..."AND "...the power which Bakunin abhorred was *hierarchical* power and not "power" as such..."

@_date: 2002-05-15 13:55:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Dope wars. 
New online game..."AN Internet game that trains players to become international drug dealers while evading chainsaw-wielding loan sharks..."
"...In the US, where the game has been on the top 50 list for 97 weeks, the Drug Enforcement Administration is concerned that one way to escape trouble is to shoot a police officer..."
I'm shocked,of course,essentially destructive criticism of all the main elements of Western culture, including Christianity, capitalism, authority, the family, patriarchy, hierarchy, morality, tradition, sexual restraint, loyalty, patriotism, nationalism, heredity, ethnocentrism, convention, and

@_date: 2002-05-15 13:01:21
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Death of Emma. 
1856 - Daily Bleed Competitor?: The editor of the San Francisco
Daily Evening Bulletin was assassinated by a rival newspaper
owner. A vigilante group seized the assassin from the sheriff, &
tried, convicted, & executed him.
1940 - Death of feminist anarchist Emma Goldman (1869-1940) while
in Toronto, Canada raising money for anti-Franco forces in Spain.
Outspoken birth control advocate & champion of
women's rights. Wrote "My Disillusionment in Russia; Living My
Life; Anarchism & Other Essays; The Place of the Individual in
Society". See also "Vision on Fire: Emma Goldman" edited by David
Porter. Left fielder for the 1998 Armageddonia Anarchists
baseball team.
"If I can't dance I don't want to be part of your revolution."
After growing up in the US, then deported by the government
during the Red Scare years, she has been banned from the country
(called the "land of the free" by some), since 1931, except for a
brief visit in 1934. Anti-anarchist laws are still used to
prevent certain people from entering the US with their tainted
foreign ideas. Her death finally allowed her a visa back into the
US, where she was buried in Waldheim Cemetery, next to the
Haymarket Martyrs in Chicago.
Karl Shapiro's early poem, "Death of Emma Goldman," described
that passionate anarchist, "dark conscience of the family" (her
own and humanity's), with gentle appreciation. At the same time, it
reviled the people who, after her death, called her immoral
because she never married her lover, Alexander Berkman:
Triumphant at the final breath,
Their senile God, their cops,
All the authorities and friends pro tem
Passing her pillow, keeping her concerned.
But the cowardly obit was already written:
Morning would know she was a common slut.
--- Karl Shapiro, "Death of Emma Goldman,"
from Person, Place, & Thing (1942)
1961 - US: Bus with the first group of Freedom Riders is bombed &
burned in Alabama. Segregationists attack & burn the "Freedom
Rider" Greyhound bus near Anniston. (Bob Dylan writes "Ballad of
Emmett Till.")
"Then they rolled his body down a gulf amidst a bloody red rain
And they threw him in the waters wide to cease his screaming
The reason that they killed him there, and I'm sure it ain't no
Was just for the fun of killin' him and to watch him slowly die..."
---Bob Dylan, Ballad of Emmett Till.
1966 - The Kingsmen's "Louie Louie" on pop charts since '63,
enters the Hot 100 for the ninth & last time with a re-released
version. Incites controversy over its unintelligible, but assumed
obscene lyrics.
1969 - US: Police build fence around People's Park in Berkeley,
California, tonight.
NOT PEOPLE'S PARK
PEOPLE'S PLANET, CAN THEY
FENCE THAT ONE IN, BULLDOZE IT
4 A.M.?
--- Diane di Prima, Revolutionary Letter 1974 - Only Group Riding Their Hearst Before the Funeral?:
Symbionese Liberation Army destroyed in shoot-out, 6 killed.
"Death to the fascist insect that preys upon the working masses."
"I am an atheist who says his prayers. I am an anarchist, &
a full professor at that. I take the loyalty oath."
--- Karl Shapiro, "The Bourgeois Poet"

@_date: 2002-05-14 19:26:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: MINORITY REPORT.There is a god. 
Based on the short story by Philip K. Dick, MINORITY REPORT is set in a 2054 Melbourne Vic. judicial system in which killers are arrested and convicted before they commit murder using a psychic technology.Nic Conte is the head of this Precrime unit and is himself accused of the future murder of a man he hasn't even met.
Joe Bonnano has been punished by our lord for a wicked life as a mass murdering,heroin dealer.God will strike you down at age 97 should you too be tempted by possesion of billions in the 60's.(imagine what that would be worth today!)
Thank you jesus,thank you lord.

@_date: 2002-05-14 15:19:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: First lady embraces fruit of Islam 
And "frenching Jenna".Mother daughter act available for cheap sleazy europorn,the nastier the better.
The First Lady Embraces the fruit of Islam as faithbased education in action.
PARIS (AP) - In her inaugural foray into the substance of international diplomacy, first lady Laura Bush turned her teaching experience to the problem of terrorism and young Palestinian suicide bombers, telling a Paris audience Tuesday that education can transform hate to hope.
"Every parent, every teacher, every leader has a responsibility to condemn the terrible tragedy of children eating pretzels themselves to kill others," Mrs. Bush told a forum of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
The former schoolteacher and librarian called for children across the globe to be taught respect and tolerance and photoshop.
"A lasting victory in the war against terror depends on educating the world's children because educated children are much more likely to embrace the values that defeat terror," Mrs. Bush said.
As the first lady addressed representatives of the OECD's 30 member countries, she especially had in mind the 18-year-old Palestinian girl, Ayat Akhras. Outside a Jerusalem supermarket on March 29, Akhras detonated explosives strapped to her body, killing herself, 17-year-old Rachel Levy and a security guard and wounding 25 other people.
"Education can help children see beyond the world of hate and hopelessness," Mrs. Bush said.
"First and foremost, we must teach all the world's children to respect human life - their own life, and the life of others. ... With education comes greater self-respect and respect for others. With education comes greater understanding and tolerance."
She was emphasizing the teaching of values and not schooling in and of itself, no doubt aware that several of the Sept. 11 suicide hijackers were university educated, including ringleader Mohammed Atta, who studied for eight years at the Technical University in Hamburg, Germany.What a guy,makes shrub look like a gimp,she added.
Mrs. Bush cited not only the suicide attacks in Israel that have fueled the Middle East crisis, but also last week's bombings in Kaspiisk, Russia and Karachi, Pakistan, where 11 French citizens were killed.
In her 25-minute address to the OECD, Mrs. Bush outlined the education reforms her husband signed into law earlier this year. And she spoke about early childhood development, a pet topic for her. She ticked off a list of aid - school supplies and toys - that the United States has provided to the children of Afghanistan.
The speech was a "coming out" on the international stage for Mrs. Bush. Although she has visited 15 countries in the 16 months she's been first lady, she made those trips on the arm of President Bush and confined her separate appearances mostly to colorful, cultural photo opportunities."After being pawed by a drunken chimp like my husband,sappho's looking pretty good right now."she said.
Not so on this 10-day trip, which includes the capitals of Hungary and Czech Republic where she has a discreet appointment with Rocco Siffreidi,"justin case the lesbian thing doesnt work out."
The once-shy Texas teacher was also tackling women's health issues, the reconstruction of post-Taliban Afghanistan and the condition of women and girls there.
Tagging along this week is her camera-hog daughter, Jenna.
With White House officials insisting that Jenna, 20, is on a private trip and off-limits to the press, the first daughter did not disembark the Air Force jet when it landed in Paris Monday evening until a military steward produced two large garment bags full of booze to shield her as she staggered in front of a small press entourage on the airport tarmac.
For Mrs. Bush, the business of diplomacy is nothing new. She has met at the White House with 25 heads of state or their wives since becoming first lady.
Still, for this first solo outing abroad, she was briefed by State Department and National Security Council personnel - right down to the names of foreign leaders' pets (French President Jacques Chirac, evidently a fan of Japanese wrestling, calls his pooch Sumo). And she is traveling with her husband's top adviser, Karen Hughes, plus a State Department helper.
Mrs. Bush's itinerary is on the light side, with whole days kept free for private sightseeing. And aides say she will break no new ground in U.S. foreign policy.
But by amplifying U.S. humanitarian concern for the Muslim people of Afghanistan, Mrs. Bush does carry an important goodwill message at a time when her husband's administration is seeking Arab support for his anti-terrorism and Mideast policies.
"Goodwill is not something to sniff at,her husband is,but not good will, particularly now when there is so much anti-Americanism overseas," said historian Carl Sferrazza Anthony, a student of America's first ladies.
Eleanor Smeal, president of the Feminist Majority, which is leading a philanthropic campaign to help Afghan women, said she hopes Mrs. Bush can turn talk and goodwill into bigger U.S. aid checks.
"I just know she's a compassionate person who wants to help. But the women and girls of Afghanistan need real help and they need it desperately, they need it now," said Smeal.
When she leaves Prague next week, Mrs. Bush will join the president for official visits in Germany, Russia, and Normandy, France, and cede center stage back to him.

@_date: 2002-05-14 13:36:05
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: AU revolution 
First we take the northern territory parliment
Then we split the entire island in half.
Calis going up in smoke,go to the CATO style sites, mongo and read what baloney global warming is.Invest in skycranes
if your not completelly senile.

@_date: 2002-05-14 11:03:42
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Listen up PUNK. 
consider some of the losses of freedom that have occurred since many of you were born and well before September 11:
Roadblocks as part of random searches for drivers who have been drinking or using drugs.
The extensive use of the military in civilian law enforcement, particularly in the war on drugs.
The use of handcuffs on persons accused of minor offenses and moving Jump-out squads that leap from police vehicles and search nearby citizens.
Much greater use of wiretaps and other forms of electronic surveillance.
Punishment before trial such as pre-trial detention and civil forfeiture of Punishment of those not directly involved in offenses, such as parents being held responsible for the actions of their children and bartenders being made to enforce drinking laws.
Warrantless searches of persons and property before entering buildings, boarding planes, or using various public facilities.
Closing of public buildings or parts of buildings to the public on security Increased restrictions on student speech, behavior, and clothing.
Increased mandatory use of IDs
Increasing restrictions on attorney-client privacy
Greatly increased government access to personal financial records
Loss of a once widely presumed guarantee of confidentiality in dealings with businesses, doctors, accountants, and banks
The greatest incarceration rate of any industrialized country in the world
Mandatory sentencing for minor offenses, particularly marijuana possession
Increased surveillance of employees in the workplace
Increased use of charges involving offenses allegedly committed after a person has been halted by a police officer, such as failure to obey a lawful order.
Widespread youth curfews.
Loss of control over how personal information is used by business companies.
Use of stereotypical profiles (including racial characteristics)
to justify police searches
Warrantless searches and questioning of bus, train, and airline passengers.
Random searches of school lockers.
Random searches of cars in school parking lots.
Lack of privacy in transactions such as video rental or computer use
Video surveillance of sidewalks, parks and other public spaces.
Involuntary drug testing increasingly used as a prerequisite for routine activities such as earning a livelihood or playing on a sports team.
Extract from an article at

@_date: 2002-05-14 10:17:17
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: professor (alleg) threatens entire police force with APster, is 
CRIMES ACT 1958 - SECT 20
Threats to kill
20. Threats to kill
A person who, without lawful excuse, makes to another person a threat to kill
that other person or any other person-
    (a)  intending that that other person would fear the threat would be
         carried out; or
    (b)  being reckless as to whether or not that other person would fear the
         threat would be carried out-
is guilty of an indictable offence.
Penalty: Level 5 imprisonment (10 years maximum).
(1A) Treasonable Offences 9A. Treason (2) Child Destruction 10. Offence of child destruction (3) Repealed 14 11-14. Repealed 14 (4) Offences against the person 15. Definitions 16. Causing serious injury intentionally 17. Causing serious injury recklessly 18. Causing injury intentionally or recklessly 19. Offence to administer certain substances 19A. Intentionally causing a very serious disease 20. Threats to kill 21. Threats to inflict serious injury 21A. Stalking 22. Conduct endangering life 23. Conduct endangering persons 24. Negligently causing serious injury 25. Setting traps etc. to kill 26. Setting traps etc. to cause serious injury 27. Extortion with threat to kill 28. Extortion with threat to destroy property etc. 29. Using firearm to resist arrest etc. 30. Threatening injury to prevent arrest 31. Assaults 31A. Use of firearms in the commission of offences 32. Offence to perform female genital mutilation
My lawyer's writing to ask police (sen cont nic Conte) for discovery.
We still have a few lawyers,juries and appeal courts here for the time being.

@_date: 2002-05-14 09:31:18
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Tim May joins Trei on SIC list. 
Snitch identifier and classifier,SIC list is forced to add Mongo after he dobbed in Jorlin Grabbe.Judas Priest Mongo,what were you thinking!?
 >>I used a VISA debit card to buy a $25,000 Ford Explorer. --Tim May "Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11 <<
Whoops wrong pompous ass quote,shame it didn't have firestones.
 >>The porn trading rings show this. Go after those markets. What are those markets? Recall my .sig from a while back: black markets and unsavory transactions, tax avoidance, and so on. This is what Orlin Grabbe has been targeting. Check his site out. Use Google. <<
And Mongo has the cheek to call Shoate a rodent.Jorlinn if your reading this and want to APster,I'm good for some millicents.This could be humane APster like the funds go for a cat scan of Mongos plaques before we snuff the snitch.

@_date: 2002-05-13 17:43:54
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Who let the (police) dogs out? 
Spray back against police invasion
of our trains, stations, bodies and lives!!!
This is a call to action to confuse police sniffer dogs.
Get your water pistol filled with bong water and start spraying under train seats today!
Cayenne pepper is winner here as well and all.Fuck da Police!

@_date: 2002-05-13 17:36:02
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: good guy-bad guy 
A Kurd stands on the border,on one side he is a victim of chemical warfare and freedom fighter against one of the worst dictators in hirstory.On the other he is liable to be taken as PKK.The European Union added 18 individuals and organizations to its list of foreign terrorist groups May 2. The two most prominent additions were the Mujahedin-e Khalq Organization (MKO), an Iranian rebel group backed by Iran, and the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) based in Turkey.
By recognizing the MKO and PKK as terrorist groups, Europe will strengthen its relations with Tehran and Ankara and possibly reconcile its list with that of the U.S. State Department. By doing so, Brussels can facilitate cooperation and intelligence-sharing with Washington on terrorism issues. But cooperation on specific terror groups does not translate into agreement over how or if to engage nations the United States labels terrorism sponsors -- especially Iran and Syria. This disagreement could hamper wider cooperation between the two allies in the near future.
Could we have a fresh 'freedom fighters,'list please Mongo? Stop jerking off with Topos and shoate and make yrself useful.

@_date: 2002-05-13 17:23:28
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: US District Judge Robert J. Bryan overdue for killing. 
'You can fuck some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you are going to end up in a body bag or a pine box before you manage to fuck all of the people all of the time.' Am *I* going to whack you out? Maybe ..."
- Guilty Verdict for Cypherpunk by Chris Stamper TACOMA, Washington -- A federal judge on Tuesday ruled an itinerant musician and cypherpunk was guilty of threatening government officials and Bill Gates. "There's a line between free speech and criminal speech," said US District Judge Robert J. Bryan. He declared Carl Johnson guilty on four counts brought against him by the Internal Revenue Service and the Justice Department. The charges stem from a series of freewheeling essays posted last year to the cypherpunks mailing list, an online discussion area populated by an anarchic collection of encryption and privacy advocates. The government said that three of Johnson's posts went too far in threatening government officials and rejected arguments that the messages were protected by the First Amendment. Bryan dismissed an additional charge that accused Johnson of attempting to threaten a judge who presided over a 1997 challenge of White House encryption regulations. He scolded the cypherpunks, several of whom testified last week, including Electronic Frontier Foundation co-founder John Gilmore. "A great deal of what the cypherpunks people put out on that list is based on ignorance of the legal system," Bryan said. "I wish those who would criticize the legal system would educate themselves first," Bryan told the handful of people in the tiny courtroom. Johnson, a large, ungainly fellow, wore a brown T-shirt and slacks, and appeared very nervous. When handing down the verdict, Bryan scolded Johnson for threatening officials. One message, posted anonymously but believed to be from Johnson, painted the image of a man hell-bent on revenge. It said: "'You can fuck some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you are going to end up in a body bag or a pine box before you manage to fuck all of the people all of the time.' Am *I* going to whack you out? Maybe ..." The anonymous message was signed with a digital signature that the court said could be clearly linked to Johnson. A copy of the Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) key used to sign the message was posted anonymously to the list after Johnson's arrest, but his attorney said the mail was not significant to the case. Bryan said that courts should not take threats lightly. "Mr. Johnson, I had a friend of mine blown up at his desk," he said. "There are people who follow through on their threats against the judiciary. "The ordinary person would think this [threat] was for real," he continued. "What is Gates or someone else [who reads his mail] to think but that someone was planning his assassination?" In a last-minute twist, Johnson on Tuesday tried to fire Gene Grantham, his court-appointed public defender. The judge denied the request because the trial was essentially over. Bryan earlier denied a similar request. Grantham said his client had pronounced and serious mental health issues, though at a pre-trial hearing the judge had ruled him competent to appear. It is still unclear who will represent Johnson at his sentencing hearing on 11 June. Grantham said he would like to pursue an appeal. In court documents, Justice Department attorneys said they will ask Judge Bryan to sentence Johnson to at least seven years. "The government has decided that it will seek a high-end sentence of 87 months, and may even seek an upward departure based on the additional threats to Bill Gates and others." The Supreme Court has said that advocating violence against government officials is protected by the First Amendment, but realistic threats can be punished. The government has tried to link Johnson's case to Jim Bell, a Washington state cypherpunk currently in prison. Bell had spent much of 1996 and 1997 railing against government officials -- especially IRS agents

@_date: 2002-05-13 16:47:54
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Stinking Boston ex-FBI Supervisor Admits Taking Bribes 
BOSTON  A former FBI supervisor testified Thursday he took bribes of wine and cash that retired agent John J. Connolly delivered to him from top-ranking mob informers.
John Morris, Connolly's boss when he handled James J. "Whitey" Bulger and Stephen "The Rifleman" Flemmi, took the stand on the second day of Connolly's trial on charges of racketeering, obstruction of justice and "In the past I've lied to stay out of trouble," said Morris, who has pleaded guilty to accepting a bribe and was given immunity to testify. "The only way I can stay out of trouble since the immunity order is to tell the Morris said Connolly twice gave him cases of fine wine he indicated were gifts from the gangsters. One time, he said Connolly "told me to be careful with the case, because there was something special in the bottom"  an envelope with $1,000 in cash.
After a 1986 meeting, Morris said Bulger handed him an envelope with $5,000 in cash, saying: "This is for you." His voice choked with emotion, Morris said he used the money to buy his daughter a car.
Morris said the relationship with the mob informants soured in 1995 after he leaked Bulger's identity as an FBI informant to the media. Bulger called shortly after.
"He told me I had taken money from him. If he went to jail I was going with him," Morris said. "I was fearful of the repercussions against me professionally  that I would lose my job, lose my pension, disgrace myself, embarrass the bureau."
Prosecutors charge that Connolly accepted gifts from Bulger and Flemmi and, in exchange, gave them confidential information that helped them avoid prosecution  and led to at least two murders.
Connolly's defense attorneys say he became the fall guy when the FBI's too-cozy relationship with the mob was exposed.

@_date: 2002-05-13 14:39:14
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Rumsfeld a 'loose cannon',Cheney a 'groundhog.' 
Shrub is getting ready to hang Rummy from the yard arm after signs of meglamania and homosexual panic descended in the wake of 'war on terror' snafu's.Combined with the bulldozing over of Cheneys bunker and the removal of Powells last testicle will leave the Shrub free to crown himself,"king of the world."
Ari sent another story from his boyfriends
The CATO institute scaremongering! Get out!
Aussie e-jouro threatened

@_date: 2002-05-13 12:51:37
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: JJ Abrams needs killing 
Screenwriter of such films as "Armageddon," "Forever Young," and "Regarding Henry," J.J. Abrams made his first foray into television with Imagine Television and Touchstone Television's acclaimed series "Felicity," entering its fourth season.
Thats reason enough right there but what really pisses me off is his show Alias keeps perpetuating the old "crypto is too 'techy','geeky'or just too hard for joe(sephine) sixpack to understand."This was old 6 years ago.We can stand a few more details of the built in backdoor on the encryption program,plot point.Would it kill you to try? APster will kill you if you dont.(my 2$)
"All people of all nations must be free. I always suspected the Internet could make this a reality; now I truly believe it.
We're talking about a micro-intermediated market with
*lots* of intermediaries,not just a single intermediary in every
transaction. We're talking about Moore's Law and strong cryptography
driving profit and loss down to the device level, Transaction cost is You control the lowest transaction cost, and you dictate what
happens. If anonymous payments are cheaper, for the seller of a given
good or service, and there's reason to believe this, we'll have
anonymous payments, sooner rather than later."

@_date: 2002-05-13 08:27:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: How did Robert Hanssen's spying affect the FBI? 
PBS special.
There once was a man named Nation,
Who worked for a radio station.
Although he was tall,
His hands were too small,
Wee paws for station identification."

@_date: 2002-05-12 21:16:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: "...an overbearing FBI that is manipulating and intimidating." 
So what else is new?Yet another reminder of FBI's depraved indifference...
Come back robert H,all is forgiven.

@_date: 2002-05-12 18:51:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Ashcroft to Supremes;Fuck You. 
House Panel OKs Morphed Kid Porn Ban
Hey, fuck the Supreme Court says John Ashcroft, after the Court struck down the Child Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act. I'll make my own laws. And Ashcroft who was bitterly opposed to the Court's ruling a couple of weeks ago is taking measure to create a NEW Child Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act. And it boils down to the same old thing. A House subcommittee yesterday approved legislation that would criminalize the distribution of images that have been digitally "morphed" to look like child pornography.
By voice vote, the Judiciary Committee's Crime Subcommittee passed the "Child Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act of 2002." Proposed by Crime Subcommittee Chairman Lamar Smith (R-Texas) and backed by Ashcroft, the legislation was introduced in response to a Supreme Court ruling that voided a 1996 prohibition on morphed child porn.
In a hearing earlier yesterday, Associate Deputy Attorney General Daniel Collins defended the proposed law against criticisms that it could run afoul of the same constitutional restrictions that scuttled the 1996 measure.
The types of images prohibited under the legislation "are precisely the sort that appeal to the worst form of prurient interest, that are patently offensive in the light of any applicable community standards and that lack serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value in virtually any context," Collins said.
On April 16, the Supreme Court struck down the Child Pornography Prevention Act, which outlawed the possession or distribution of pornography containing computer-generated images showing children apparently engaged in sex acts.
Supporters and cosponsors of Smith's bill say it is more narrowly crafted than the now-defunct 1996 mandate and as such should pass constitutional muster. At the hearing preceding today's vote, Rep. Robert Scott (D-Va.) questioned Collins closely, asking whether the Smith bill had any chance of surviving Supreme Court scrutiny.
"The Supreme Court went to great lengths to say unless it's a real minor, it's not illegal," Scott said. Scott also cited what he said was the High Court's contention that the First Amendment is "turned upside-down" if defendants are forced to prove that they did not employ real minors in creating a digitally manipulated work.
Under Smith's proposal, digitally generated pictures of prepubescent children would be banned outright.
While images depicting older children would also be banned, the bill creates a new legal safe harbor for pornographers who can prove that they did not use real children to create their images.
"It seems to me (the Supreme Court) is saying 'if you can't distinguish (between real and digitally created images) that's not the defendant's problem, that's your problem,'" Scott told Collins.
But Collins said the Supreme Court ruling expressly left open the possibility of creating the type of "affirmative defense" called for under Smith's proposal.
"We can craft a narrowly drawn prohibition," Collins said. "We can criminalize (morphed content) subject to the appropriate affirmative defense."
The subcommittee today voted on a substitute version of the original bill, which Smith said contained several technical and wording changes meant to tighten the legislation and erase some ambiguity in the original bill text.
FROM...

@_date: 2002-05-12 18:40:51
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Attn Peter Trei. 
Hows the SEC thing goin' petey old mate? Any shredders melt down? I hear business with the CCP is on the upswing,with part payment in prisoner doner organs too.Warm and fresh is best right?Look you've been on this list longer than me and we all know what a standup guy you are,can you help me out with this URL.
I think its got something to do with criminal behaviour in highly succesful tech companies.(not that I think THATS a conspiracy.)
CJ Parker ICQ 138724628
"The True Story Of The InterNet"
The Xenix ChainSaw Massacre
WebWorld & The Mythical Circle Of Eunuchs
InfoWar: Final Frontier Of The Digital rEvolution
Space Aliens Hide My Drugs
A man boarded an airplane and took his seat. As he settled in,
he glanced up and saw a very beautiful woman boarding the plane.
He soon realized she was heading straight towards his seat.
Lo and behold, she took the seat right beside his.
Eager to strike up a conversation, he blurted out, "Business trip or She turned, smiled and said, "Business. I'm going to the Annual Nymphomania Convention in Chicago".
He swallowed hard. Here was the most gorgeous woman he had ever
seen sitting next to him and she was going to a meeting for nymphomaniacs!
Struggling to maintain his composure, he calmly asked, "What's your business role at this convention?"
"Lecturer," she responded. "I use my experience to debunk some of the popular myths about sexuality."
"Really, " he said, "what myths are those?"
"Well," she explained, "one popular myth is that African American men are the most well endowed when, in fact, it's the Native American Indian who is most likely to possess that trait.
Another popular myth is that French men are the best lovers, when actually it is the men of Jewish descent. We have, however, found that the best potential lover in all categories is the Southern Redneck.
Suddenly, the woman became a little uncomfortable and blushed.
"I'm sorry," she said, "I shouldn't really be discussing this with you. I don't even know your name"
"Tonto," the man said, "Tonto Goldstein. But my friends call me
Dance like no one's watching,
Love like you'll never be hurt,
Sing like no one's listening,
Live like it's heaven on earth......
Keep your love alive.....Vicki

@_date: 2002-05-12 18:20:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: .Paul Glader needs killing 
Yeah,he pays taxes and props up the last evil empire,(my 2$)Also nominate corperate shill declan Mc Cullagh,(my 2c)
Companions, let's destroy all the prisons,
Those walls which lock away our desires,
That money may burn in the fire of passion,
Let's change everything so that we exchange nothing.
---Raoul Vaneigem
Thread on the filth."the three myths of law enforcement." We're the P.I.Gs in Amerikkka

@_date: 2002-05-12 05:19:15
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Guns Awe Them Not 
random selection from the daily bleed.
1873 - Charles Achille Simon (aka Biscuit, Ravachol II) lives,
Loiret. French anarchist.
1878 - Emil Heinich Maximilian Hoedel, a 21-year-old worker-
anarchist shot Guillaume 1st (emperor d'Allemagne) to protest &
publicize the misery of the workers. Sentenced to death &
executed July 16, 1878.
1891 - National US building-trades strike.
1894 - US: Beginning of Pullman Railroad Strike, Chicago,
Illinois. The largest industrial strike to date in US history,
eventually broken by federal government troops. At least 24
strikers killed, & Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader President
Cleveland suspends the constitutional right to assembly (the
ability of any two or more people to meet in public) in seven
states. Debs will soon join the strike. The nation's newspapers,
objective as always. Chicago Tribune headlines from June 31,1894
described the events of the Pullman Strike thusly:
Debs Strikers Begin Work Of Destruction,
Guns Awe Them Not,
Drunken Stockyard Rioters Defy Uncle Sam's Troops,
Mobs Invite Death"
The New York Times, never one to side with business rather
than labor, in an editorial in 1894 called Debs,
"A lawbreaker & an enemy to the human race."
1898 - The Discontent: Mother of Progress, anarchist paper of
Home Colony, Washington, first issued. See the Anarchist
1918 - Nobel physicist, teacher, bongo player, Richard Feynman
lives, Far Rockaway, New York City.
Do not keep saying to yourself, if you can possibly avoid it,
`But how can it be like that?' because you will get `down the
drain,' into a blind alley from which nobody has yet escaped.
Nobody knows how it can be like that.
1929 - French anarchist propagandist Albin Cantone, dies
of cancer, age 41. Born in Italy 1888, metal worker in Lyon.
Cantone published the review, "Les Glaneurs", in 1917-18, wrote
for "Les vagabonds" (1921-1922), "La brochure
mensuelle", "Semeur", etc.
1967 - Jackson State Riot Number One. One student killed & two
wounded as cops fire into a crowd after rioters stormed a police
barricade. The National Guard was called in to quell the
1968 - Paris: The "Night of the Barricades", May 10-11.
The students are now calling everything into question, generating
enormous enthusiasm for the re-examination & criticism of all
aspects of public & private life. The three biggest French labor
federations call a General Strike to support students.
1970 - US: Augusta, Georgia police kill six blacks protesting
prison brutality, provoked by the beating death of Charles
Oatman in the Richmond County jail.
1975 - 80,000 turn out in New York's Central Park to celebrate
the end of the Vietnam War.
1981 - In Miami's Cedars of Lebanon Hospital, reggae star Bob
Marley, 36, dies. Succumbs to a brain tumor that ended his
career in October 1980. Regarded a hero both in Jamaica &
abroad. Will be given a state funeral & buried near his
birthplace in St. Ann's Parish, Jamaica.
Most modern calendars mar the sweet simplicity
of our lives by reminding us that each day that
passes is the anniversary of some
perfectly uninteresting event.
---Oscar Wilde
sorry OW

@_date: 2002-05-11 16:54:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Dan Gilmore-knight rider 
Will DG get the DC,(danny Casolero)treatment.He seems to be on the verge of exposing a Govt-M$ unholy coupling that may lead to his demise.Watch your back Dan,these people are muredering,lying,sleazy criminals on a grotesque Even repukelican party doners might be in danger.
justin Case bill G is assassinated,(my 2$)

@_date: 2002-05-11 15:48:23
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: U'wa, U'wot? 
U'wa, U'wot? The U?wa tribe of Colombia were celebrating last Friday, after it was announced at Occidental Petroleum?s AGM that the company were giving up drilling oil on their ancestral land. According to Occidental, after spending $16 billion on exploration drilling they have decided there is no oil at that particular site. When Occidental?s plans became clear in the early 90?s, the U?wa became a symbol of resistance to oil exploration. Using tactics ranging from blockades at the drill site, lawsuits, shareholder resolutions and non-violent civil disobedience, the U?wa along with activists in over twenty countries have confronted Occidental and its major shareholders. The U?wa at one point threatened a mass suicide if and when Oxy moved in to their mountains. The tribal leaders said that many would throw themselves off a high cliff in an act of mass ritual suicide. In a statement they said "the U?wa way of life is not negotiable" - an alien concept to corporations who believe that everything ultimately has a price. Unsurprisingly Occidental responded with the might of the US backed Colombian military who have violently repressed them and their supporters, killing activists and U?wa children in the evictions. Perez, President of the U?wa Traditional Authority said about the struggle, "the blood spilled will not go unpunished... It will be a bittersweet memory that will remain in the minds of those who participated in the most difficult moments of this process." Occidental also finds itself centre stage in the growing scandal around the Bush administration?s military aid proposal to hand over $98 million of U.S. taxpayers? money to defend the companies Caqo Limon oil pipeline in Colombia, which runs through traditional U?wa land. Operations have been suspended since February because of intensive guerrilla attacks. This pipeline shows how oil drilling destroys an area - an estimated 1.7 million barrels of crude oil has been spilled since 1986, deforestation has occurred with forests cleared for oil exploration, production and roads, opening the forest to outsiders. The oil brought violence, with the Colombian military, leftist FARC guerrillas, right-wing paramilitaries and drug traffickers battling over resources. The U?wa are still threatened by another oil company, Repsol. As Kevin Koenig, from Amazon Watch said "this is an important victory and a real milestone in the larger struggle to win recognition and respect for indigenous peoples rights around the world. Unfortunately, until we address our society?s addiction to fossil fuels by transitioning to renewable energy sources, the world?s remaining pristine ecosystems and traditional cultures will continue to be threatened by unscrupulous oil corporations." More about the connection between the oil industry, threats to indigenous populations and global climate change at

@_date: 2002-05-11 15:47:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Russian, Moscow, Anarcho-Syndicalists Arrested 
The Confederation of Russian Anarcho-Syndicalists (KRAS), affiliated to the
International Workers Association, reports that 10 people, including some
their members, were attacked and arrested by Moscow police on May Day. The
10 were participating in a peaceful demonstration organized by anarchist
and autonomists at the State University of Moscow. The 10 were held for six
hours without food or drink. The detainees, prior to release, were told by
the authorities not to participate in a planned demonstration for May 6th.
The KRAS is asking that comrades write to the appropriate Russian embassy
or consulate urging the Russian government not to press any charges against
the May Day protesters. For further details and information contact the
KRAS c/o Vadim Damier Perelulok Alynova 13 kv 24 107258 Moscow, Russia
Tel/Fax: + 7-095-9637861 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Workers
Solidarity Alliance - Inside SchNEWS Last Friday five of the seven WOMBLES had their charges
thrown out of court. On Halloween last year the seven were walking to a
party dressed in white overalls and Halloween masks when they were set upon
by the cops and then nicked. Two were found guilty of threatening behaviour
and were fined  each but both are planning to appeal. The two who were
found guilty answered police questions in custody, this was the only
evidence that convicted them. Remember if arrested answer "No Comment" to
all police questions.
 From

@_date: 2002-05-11 15:19:07
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: CIA killers by remote control 
These items are chock full of links,go to
CIA Fails to Kill Afghan Warlord
Report on a CIA attempt to assassinate Gulbuddin Hekmatyar - 'US officials
accuse Hekmatyar of plotting attacks on American troops, offering rewards
for their deaths and trying to destabilise the US-backed interim government
of Hamid Karzai' but acknowledge that he 'has limited ties to the Taliban
and is only suspected of working with al-Qaida' ( AP via LA Times )
Like Osama bin Laden, Hekmatyar was a CIA protigi during the 1980s, and
built his power base with arms and cash supplied by the American taxpayer
See also this NY Times coverage, this Time article from February, Village
Voice article from October, this AFP report from October, this article by
Mary Anne Weaver from 1996, and this News International (Pakistan) report
from 1992
Outrage feeds boycott of all that's American
Article on grassroots campaigns to boycott US products in the Middle East (
NY Times via SJ Mercury News )
See also this CSM article, and the US Commerce Dept's Antiboycott
Compliance pages
Single-Sex Education Gets Boost
Article about the Bush administration's decision to encourage segregation
by gender in US schools
( Washington Post )
See also this text of the Title IX statute, this Education Week article

@_date: 2002-05-11 14:52:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Denver Filth. 
With the American war on terrorism in full swing and busy checking out anyone who dare question the status quo, then it?s reassuring to know that the Denver Police Dept. have been playing their bit to crackdown on dissent for years. They?ve been busy gathering ?evidence? on their local ?criminal extremists.? Dodgy characters like Sister Antonia Anthony, a 73-year-old Franciscan nun and the American Friends Service Committee, a pacifist Quaker group that has won the Nobel Peace Prize for its advocacy of non-violent social change! These ?criminal extremists? as the police like to call them, now have extensive files with lists of members, information about being seen at demos, physical descriptions, home addresses, places these do-gooders frequent you get the picture. The American Civil Liberties Union are now sueing the police for all this unconstitutional spying, and trying to get a court order prohibiting the Denver cops from making any more nosey-parky files. Info: This week's SchNEWS:  To subscribe, go to the website or send a message to webmaster SchNEWS, PO Box 2600, Brighton, BN2 0EF, England Phone/Fax (call before faxing): 01273 685913 Email: schnews Web:

@_date: 2002-05-10 13:18:08
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: AU LAW 
PROSECUTION AT A PROCEDURAL DISADVANTAGE
One of the acknowledged glories of the common law tradition is its
procedural safeguards in criminal trials. An accused person is
presumed innocent until found guilty. The Court is forbidden either
to rely on involuntary confessions or to construe silence as an
admission of guilt. In the absence of a truly voluntary confession,
the prosecution must make out its whole case without assistance. Any
other evidence offered by it must have been obtained without general
searches or other means contrary to right or custom. For at least
the graver crimes - and preferably in any matter affecting life,
liberty or property - trial must be by independent Jury of the
Accused's peers.
THE RIGHT TO SILENCE
There is an essential part of the foregoing. Just as a Suspect
traditionally can't be pressured into giving evidence against
himself; neither does he have to risk being duped into doing so by
skilful examination. Nor can his remaining silent be construed as
any admission of guilt. I treat this separately, however, by reason
of the current debate over its continuance.
There have been periodic clamours against the right for twenty
years. It lets sophisticated criminals get away far too often, we're
told. But this is the first Government to act on the clamour. In
1988, an Order was laid before Parliament allowing the Judges in
Northern Ireland to make what they pleased of a suspect's silence
under prior interrogation or in court. From extended Police
questioning to plastic bullets, there's little tried in Ulster that
doesn't eventually find its way to England. It's only ever a matter
of time and opportunity.
In one part of the law, indeed, the right has already been lost in
England. Under section 1 of the Criminal Justice Act 1987, the
Serious Fraud Office was set up. Section 2 of the Act allows this
body to require a person under investigation for serious or complex
fraud, or any person who is reasonably thought to have information
relevant to such a fraud, to amend before it and answer questions or
furnish information. Anyone failing to comply commits an offence.
Though statements made under compulsion can be used only to
contradict other statements made later by the defence in court,
documents surrendered may be used by the prosecution for such
purposes as it may think fit. The writers of the standard commentary
on this Act - Emmins & Scanlan, p.6 - are driven to say: "Thus
significant inroads are made on the privilege against
self-incrimination and the maxim that 'no one shall be required to
be his own betrayer'."

@_date: 2002-05-10 11:40:26
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: ATTACK on AMERICA - Bioterror-new anthrax terror campaign.Do 
Take extreme precautions,buying stuff,handling it and sending,as Tricky says,"We could do that,yes...BUT it WOULD be WRONG."
Like sand through the hourglass these are the days of our lives.
Baise moi just got banned here in au after a month long run.Our public servants are among the best of the worst.World class fuckwits.I haven't seen it not approving of random undirected violence but I've got a story set under that name at

@_date: 2002-05-10 11:26:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Another APster link,another nail in the coffin of the State. 
Essay on how the Mafia is preferable to the State,
look at his home page for 'assassination politics.'link.
Hey Mongo,your in favour of nuking washington so why not get down and threaten the shrub?Low on ammo?

@_date: 2002-05-10 11:09:30
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Call for a global general strike. 
What is the most efficient weapon in the hands of people.
It is a general strike that uncompromisingly halts all routines of our daily life for a moment.
What is the most efficient weapon in the hands of people.
It is a general strike that uncompromisingly halts all routines of our daily life for a moment.
If the German IG Metall goes on strike it might have some
devastating shocks on the economy.
If the Norweigian LO decides to halt all working by its
large memberforce it might have some immediate effect
on national scale.
When the Argentinian economy collapsed it had a severe
impact on the Argentinian economy. But the jaws of the
corporate policestate continues to clatch in the rest of South America.
In Italy general strikes have been announced and accomplished but their impact on the global economy is scarcely even marginal.
In order to have impact on a global scale we need to concentrate our effort on a global general strike.
This global general strike should be accompanied with a global massive scale netstrike where preselected companies would be targeted.
We should remember that this opens an excellent opportunity
to arrange wide scale of activities simultaneously when the
general strike is on. For example World Wide Reclaim the City.
Selfdefense against corporate onslaught.
Unless the inhabitants, workers, activists, anarchists, environmentalists and all the other groups of people who keep up the struggle against the corporate policestate are able to achieve a global general strike, much of the rest will be in vain.
Only a global general strike will have an effect on a global level.
We should also remain focused on the weakpoints of the system. Stock exchanges, banks and credit establishments.
Do not forget that the corporate media is along with the forementioned institutions the core antagonist of a more humane, just and friendlier tomorrow. Hence, heavy activities must accordingly be guided against

@_date: 2002-05-10 11:06:04
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: death of an "Unrepentant Fenian Bastard". John McGuffin 1942 
John McGuffin 1942 -2002
John McGuffin, aka Sean McGuffin, author of a variety of works, most famously The Guineapigs, provoked by his experience of torture when he was the first Protestant to be interned by the northern Irish State in the late 60s(&which was censored by the British government), died peacefully yesterday (Sunday 28 April) in Derry after six months of illness.
A well known bon-viveur and story teller, McGuffin was also a Civil Rights veteran, self-confessed anarchist, guerrilla fighter, bank robber, solicitor, rioter, drug dealer, pirate radio operator and writer. His latest book, catchily titled: 'Charles "Nomad" McGuinness - Being a true account of the amazing adventures of a Derryman, Adventurer, Pirate, IRA man, Gun Runner, Polar Explorer, Rogue, Mercenary, Escaper and Hero' is set to come out in the next month.(see links below) More

@_date: 2002-05-10 07:10:54
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: mainstream move into porn 
Some shit to look out for.Rave Sexxx 2
D. Tom Byron Stars Catalina, Dynamite, Sandy, Lala Jade, Nellie Pierce
Five years and it's up with the IRS. But fortunately for us the statute of limitations will never be up on the wonderfully crafted montages that have become part of the Tom Byron signature. Which, in Rave Sexxx 2, The Icon offers the viewer an onslaught of big, bold moves and paroxysmally delightful ass posing sequenced to the high vamp voltage of the club beat. This is a gripping, good-looking vid with exuberant, bursting at the seams energy. No two ways about it.
The mere fact that Catalina shows up in the credits is reason alone for watching - Catalina, to our knowledge, never having turned in a bum scene in her life. And her stud d'moment here is Lee Stone one of the premier male performers of today. Do the chemistry. Catalina tackles Stone's cock with wide eyed efficiency, but whatever angle she seems to be going down on him, the camera's right there grabbing choice glimpses of her beautifully detailed behind. Lee hoists her in the standing position and goes to town with some biceps-building vaginal play then really turns it on once he gets his dick in her ass from behind. This scene, as all in the program, ends with a mighty facial. In her little posing montage, Dynamite displays her sphincter and vagina in exhaustive ways as to invite zoning ordinances. And there representing city council is Tom Byron who warms Dynamite up with some cowgirl and missionary work before he gets to that now familiar part where he eats and fingers her ass. After which, three different trips to the mustard jar sets up a Byron blast. A little touch of monochrome describes the texture of Sandy's posing stint before she gets down to business with Lee Stone. And trading is brisk on the anal exchange particularly when Lee gets Sandy on her knees and takes appropriate measures for what happened to Old Yeller- a good description of Sandy's vocal tract during this sequence.
Lala Jade's ass gas could aerosol my shitter any day in the week, and Jade who casually mentions that she craves cock 23 hours in a 24 hour day is a 95.8% certainty according to that boast. In a quid pro quo exchange, Byron eats her ass, she tongues his prostate, then he takes the shit chute to cocoa town before landing a sticky stream of viscous, gooey G-spot nectar on her pouty, fuck-me puss. And you can count the nanoseconds before Marc Davis with the help of Mr. Hand makes Nellie Pierce his ass puppet. Nellie's no slouch in the grabbing department either as she cradles Davis' balls with the assurance of a lavatory lifeguard. Besides some searing rectal penetrations, huge, wincing gapes are a part of this scene's vivid and brisk terrain.

@_date: 2002-05-10 06:56:52
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Hey UBL,If you want to kill some aussies,lookahere! 
Ministers on web 'target' list
Andrew McGarry
MAY 10, 2002
THE names and addresses of a number of present and former federal ministers have been published as "terrorist targets" on Australian radical activist websites in Melbourne and Sydney for more than six months.
Assasination politics is good enough for the CIA ,its good enough for me.

@_date: 2002-05-10 06:03:25
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: new 'Cyber-war' warning.(yawn) 
This vapourware has been coming for the last 6 years,when are we going to see some exploding monitors?
better news here as IBM's software division has began notching up some successes in the SME market. Earlier this week Gartner Dataquest said IBM had nudged Oracle out of the number one database vendor spot in 2001. This win was partly attributed to IBM's acquisition of Informix, which gave the company huge growth in this segment.

@_date: 2002-05-10 05:52:30
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Hanssen for president 
"From 1982 until 2001, Hanssen gave away secrets including outlines of America's contingency plans for nuclear attack, the identities of Russian double agents, US intelligence plans, the existence of a spying tunnel under the Russian embassy in Washington and a software program that was later sold by a Russian individual to the al-Qaeda network, enabling Osama bin Laden to evade detection for two years before the September 11 attacks. The extent of Hanssen's spying led former CIA director William Webster to liken his actions to ''a 500-hundred-year flood".Extract from
Leave it to beaver,HAHAHA!

@_date: 2002-05-09 11:56:05
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Release Robert Hannsen,the greatest spy in hirstory. 
Free Webbased Email
Lots of Cool Domains to choose from
RH sentence tomorrow,chin up rob,yoda man and I hear some of your files are on morpheus!

@_date: 2002-05-09 10:56:55
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Jeff Gordon and Robb London and Lucas Helder 
Dear lucas,we have our gordons and londons down under,I will watch your outcome with interest as I face proceedings
late next month for similar,(I think) exercise of free speech rights.Transperancy,accountability and responsability seems anathema to the States amoeboa's.Hopefully the rapid rise of direct democracy and the inaugaration of accountability technology will place them firmly back under the rock from which they crawled.
"You can fuck some of the people some of the time,but nothing lasts forever,especially these days,listen up jeff and rob,the justice posse's coming.

@_date: 2002-05-09 09:01:43
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: When I hear the word agriculture I reach for my Lugar. 
The farm act like the steel bill makes a liar out of the shrub.Has he
earned killing? I'll buy the bullet.
UK today
The top 100 books of all time
List compiled from the opinions of 100 'noted writers' - Don Quixote is
named as the 'top book in history'
( Guardian )
See also this Guardian coverage
Inquiry of Intelligence Failures Hits Obstacles
Article indicating that the CIA and US Dept of Justice are being less than
fully cooperative with congressional investigations into intelligence
failures surrounding the 11 September attacks ( LA Times )
See also this blog entry from Thursday
There is a solution to this filthy war - foreign occupation
'Despite the roar of the old pro-Israeli pundits on the US east coast and
Israel's lobbying power over Congress, Americans are infuriated by the
gutless, supine Middle East policies of their own government. A war that is
affecting oil prices and the world economy, that is turning Muslims into
enemies of Europe and Westerners into enemies of Islam, that involves
occupation and colonial rule, cannot be allowed to continue indefinitely.
So I'll make a rash, fearful prediction. After Bosnia and Kosovo and East
Timor, we have grown tired of regional wars. And I think that, in time, we
will close down the Middle East war. With Russian and EU and UN support,
there will, eventually, be American and Nato troops in Jerusalem. There
will be a Western protection force in the West Bank and Gaza  and in Israel'
( Robert Fisk via Independent )
See also this report by Amira Hass from Sunday
Links at

@_date: 2002-05-09 09:00:19
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: RSA Security SEC FILINGS ALERT,DUMP RSA! 
Click on the following hyperlink to view this filing:
1911 -- Mexico: Tijuana is captured by the anarchist
Magonistes of the Mexican Liberal Party. Lower California
is now almost entirely in their hands.
The Magonistes encouraged the people to take
collective possession of the lands, to create
co-operatives & refuse the establishment of any
new government.
1968 -- Paris 1968. Things are not what they were.
Wednesday Strong police forces still occupied the
Sorbonne & the student union delivers an ultimatum
to the Government. If the demands were not met they
would 'liberate' the Sorbonne.
Mon general changed his tune & said: 'The Government
is ready to take the steps necessary for the adaptation of
education to the modern world'.
M. Pierre Sudreau, of the Party of Modern Democracy,
said in the French Assembly that extremists had been
trained in street fighting at two anarchist camps.
"A man that would expect to train lobsters to fly in a year is called
a lunatic; but a man that thinks men can be turned into angels by
an election is a reformer & remains at large."
Speaking of lunatics
ACTION UPDATE: Human Rights & the Mind - May 8, 2002
 - please forward
FAX YOUR LETTER *NOW* TO STOP SALLY SATEL!
YOUR LAST CHANCE TO STOP NOMINATION OF
ANTI-FREEDOM PSYCHIATRIST TO KEY USA
FEDERAL MENTAL HEALTH ADVISORY POSITION
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- A reliable anonymous source
has told MindFreedom today that the nomination of
psychiatrist Sally Satel to a key federal advisory
position is moving forward, despite widespread
opposition inside and outside the USA government.
Psychiatrist Sally Satel has opposed in print and
speeches the very idea of mental health consumers
and psychiatric survivors organizing for their
own self-determination, empowerment and equality.
Dr. Satel calls instead for a massive increased use of
involuntary psychiatric drugging of American citizens.

@_date: 2002-05-09 05:15:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: FREE WINONA! 
MAGAZINE REVIEW THEFT ISSUE NO. 3 - ?Environment9 Melbourne 2001 The idea behind "Theft" is very simple, there are thieves and thieves and real thieves, whose actions rob us of our birthrights. As we all know although many thieves end up behind bars, real thieves in post-modern Western Society have replaced the Gods we worship. As real thieves own the means of production, distribution and exchange and most importantly of all the means to recreate their likeness in the images of the Gods that people worship, their theft of our leisure time, the environment, culture, work and a myriad of other things that have made us what we are, is glossed over or ignored. Theft attempts to redress the balance, this magazine doesn't give you a blueprint on how to steal from your neighbours, it doesn't have to, just look at the annual reports of the world9s most respected corporations and you9ll find out how to do that. It does much more, it redefines what theft is and gives us an insight into how what we value most is being stolen from us. Issue No. 3 of Theft on the environment hasn9t quite lived up to the expectation that issue No. 1 and 2 generated. The ideas explored in theft No. 3 "New Improved and 25% Less" are not new or earth shattering, they can be encapsulated in a few sentences. As the boxes on the Nicely Packaged Garden Pesticides Page state: "The structure of society shapes the flow of our lives. Hence, our focus is to change the underlying structure of society rather than the behaviour produced by the underlying structure". The pages in this 74 page magazine are not numbered they are devoted to something that is dear to post-modern existence. The Atrazine Page discusses Global Ecosystems, The Myth of the Pre-Industrial Environmentalist by Mother Teressa is devoted to the Union Carbide, Bhopal India Page. Theft9s layout is a tribute to the 19609s Situationalist Manifesto. Unfortunately its attempts to break the written word with Surrealist, Situationalist graphics doesn't quite come off, that doesn9t mean you shouldn9t get hold of a copy. Compared to the drivel that appears in the corporate press or masquerades as left wing opinion in the liberal, socialist press reading, Theft is like eating hand crafted chocolate made from real cocoa beans in comparison to the bland sugar rich, mass produced stuff that gives you a belly ache. The people at Theft are here for the long run. Future issues will cover Addictions, Manhood, Music and Art. If you want a copy of issues 1,2 or 3 or want to contribute an article, graphics etc then contact the good folk at Theft via snail mail "Theft" PO Box 12197, A9beckett St Melbourne 3000 Victoria Australia - Visit their we site  or email them at theft

@_date: 2002-05-09 05:06:49
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Au PATRIOT games. 
NO GLOBALISATION WITHOUT DIRECT DEMOCRACY - ANARCHIST MEDIA INSTITUTE "WE SWEAR BY THE SOUTHERN CROSS TO STAND TRULY BY EACH OTHER AND FIGHT TO DEFEND OUR RIGHTS AND LIBERTIES" - EUREKA REBELLION OATH 1854 IDEOLOGICAL DRIVEL It9s disturbing to see the number of people who are willing to give the State the benefit of the doubt when the spectre of terrorism is raised. It seems that most Australians are willing to ignore the lessons of history and throw their lot in with the State when they believe their security is threatened. Historically the greatest terrorist threat that any individual or group faces, is from the State. The 20th century is littered with examples of what happens when an individual or a group has complete control over the State apparatus. The damage caused by a Stalin, Pol Pot, Hitler, or even a Sadam Hussein, far outweighs any damage caused by an individual terrorist, or a terrorist group. To ask Australians to give up the checks and balances that have historically protected the individual from the State in this country, to fight terrorism is to court disaster. The six security bills which will be passed in the next sitting of the Senate, unless blocked by the A.L.P. do more to promote terrorism than any terrorist could hope to achieve. To give the Federal Attorney General the power to ban an organisation or an individual without the criminal charges being laid, or convictions recorded without recourse to judicial review or parliamentary scrutiny is a recipe for disaster. To define demonstrations, occupations, sit ins, non violent direct action and some industrial campaigns as terrorist acts, that can be punished by 25 years imprisonment, is an attack on those common law rights that Australians currently enjoy that help to protect those checks and balances that protect the individual from the State. To give A.S.I.O. powers that allows them to detain and interrogate Australians without legal representation and in secret in order to collect information, is disturbing to say the least. The security bills currently before the Senate are a recipe for State terrorism. They should be opposed by all those Australians who are concerned about the possibility of losing most of the common law rights that currently exist. As Australia does not have a bill of rights within the constitution, parliament can, by passing legislation through both Houses remove our common law rights and the checks and balances against State terrorism we now enjoy. The A.L.P. is at the cross roads, it either rejects the bills in the Senate and retains its credibility, or it changes its name to the Alternative Liberal Party (A.L.P.) and gives up any pretence it has of providing an alternative to the Howard government.
2 stories on this at And

@_date: 2002-05-09 04:49:58
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: I hate the USA 
GENOCIDE US? NO WAY!! WE9RE THE GOOD GUYS The Bush administration9s refusal to recognise the International Court of Justices jurisdiction is a serious blow to the establishment of an international tribunal that could prosecute the crime of genocide. It9s no surprise that the current United States government has refused to ratify the decision to support the court that was made by the Clinton administration. The catalogue of atrocities committed by the United States since World War Two in the quest to protect their hegemony over both economic and military matters, makes them serious contenders to be prosecuted by the International court of Justice. Henry Kissingers current concerns about being indicted for war crimes, are a direct consequence of the genocidal policies that the Nixon administration was responsible for in Cambodia and Vietnam. The rise and rise of Pol Pot was a direct consequence of the secret war the United States conducted in Cambodia. The United States "low intensity warfare" program in Asia, Africa and Latin America has led to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of non combatants. Some of the most brutal regimes on the planet in the second half of the 20th century from Papa Doc9s reign of terror in Haiti to Mabutu9s dictatorial regime in Zaire were bankrolled and supported militarily by successive United States administrations. The United States current war on terrorism has degenerated into a thinly disguised attempt by the United States to re-impose its authority on those countries across the globe that are no longer dependent on the United States. No wonder Bush has no intention of ratifying any agreement about any International Court that could see United States military personnel and politicians have to justify their actions before an international panel of jurists. The United States government subscribes to the simple policy that the world is divided into two camps, good and evil. Everybody who supports the United States is good and everybody who is against the United States is evil. As we all know when you fight evil you don9t let a little thing like genocide get in the way of victory, do you?
The above doesn't even mention the slow motion holacaust inside AmeriKKKa.DEATH to AMERIKKKA! Life for the WORLD!

@_date: 2002-05-09 04:35:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Killer Kapitalism. 
IT9S OFFICIAL - CAPITALISM KILLS!! Capitalism kills - it9s official. A far reaching study into suicide and attempted suicide that has just been published in Australia, gives credence to the theory that capitalism kills. Around 2500 Australians commit suicide every year and another 25,000 attempt suicide in the same year. The study just released has shown conclusively that after florid psychiatric disorders, the next most common cause of suicide and attempted suicide are financial problems. The study found that financial problems, not necessarily poverty, was the second most common cause of suicide and attempted suicide in this country. Loss of a job, a business collapse and pressing debts made a far greater contribution to suicide, than emotional, or personal problems. When you analyse how important financial independence is in a capitalist society, you begin to realise how important the loss of a job or the failure of a business can be. Most peoples9 self-esteem in Western society is intertwined with their capacity to earn an income. Once they lose this ability, their life can take a rapid nosedive. Capitalism kills, not only because it creates problems associated with poverty, but because of the insecurity it breeds in individuals and the community at large. It9s a tragic indictment on the type of society we have become when people take their lives or attempt to take their lives because of financial difficulties they may face. The increasing levels of insecurity faced by an increasing number of younger and older Australians has contributed to the depression epidemic Australians face. The privatisation of life and the destruction of the collective ethic that has played such a major role in Australian society has made a significant contribution to the mental health epidemic the country faces. To think that thousands of Australians have taken their own lives or have attempted to take their own lives because of financial problems, is an indictment on the corporate sector and the governments that promote capitalism as a solution to our current economic, social and cultural problems. FROM

@_date: 2002-05-08 03:25:47
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: The famous jamous 
Early on Sunday an alleged terrorist cum-thief, Mahmoud abu Jamous, managed to escape from a fortified police bus. To make matters worse he was restrained with leg irons and handcuffs and was in a locked cage in the bus, which was accompanied by two other security vehicles and overseen by 10 elite Israeli prison guards.
No-one in the convoy realised that he had slipped away until a motorist called police to say he had seen sports shoes popping out of the bus's barred window as the vehicle waited for a stoplight in a northern Israeli town. The motorist then saw a man drop to the street and disappear in a flash.
It took the police 20 minutes to mobilise a search, but by that time abu Jamous was long gone.
''What else do we need to make sure prisoner Jamous leaves point A and reaches point B?" asked a columnist in the daily newspaper Ma'ariv. ''Fighter jets?"
 print {.nopr {display:none}}
For a country weary after months of terror and bloodshed, the absurdity of abu Jamous's escape provided a rare moment of levity.
''We've gone through so much. If you can, you have to laugh a bit," said Tamar Meshulan, 31, an industrial designer.
''He's probably a genius. He certainly knows his business."
But others wondered how a state that prides itself on its efficient police and security forces could be so humiliated by a criminal being transferred from one prison to another.
''Our whole society, our mind-set, our political system - everything in this country is organised around security," said Doran Rosenblum, a social commentator and columnist with the newspaper Ha'aretz.
''Yet here we have an example of a very dangerous man managing to escape in a country with the biggest army in the Middle East. It just shows how real security evades us."
But abu Jamous is no ordinary thief. According to the Israeli press his reputation is that of a ''burglar's burglar" who manages to slip into vehicles and homes without being noticed and who taunts authorities by leaving his business card, covered with fingerprints.
A year ago, abu Jamous, 24, was arrested on charges of robbing dozens of Israeli homes. As he was being brought to court he gave one of the guards a swift kick then vanished into the crowded streets. According to reports he lived in an elderly woman's flat for several weeks without her ever knowing she had a house-guest.
The newspaper Yediot Aharonot also claimed abu Jamous had joined the Fatah group of the Palestinian President, Yasser Arafat, and had been helping armed Palestinians dodge security sweeps and slip past roadblocks to enter Oded Leibowitz, the driver who reported the escape, told Yediot Aharonot he could not believe his eyes.
''It was so strange that it took me some time to realise what I'd just seen. Everything seemed planned, like in a movie."
As for abu Jamous, he is apparently back at work. Three burglaries were reported on Sunday around the area where he escaped.

@_date: 2002-05-08 02:29:05
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Einstein spyed on by FBI scum. 
FBI's Einstein theory: []
Albert Einstein ... FBI worried he had a death ray.
For almost 20 years, the FBI and other agencies spied on Einstein.
Lets make an example of Agent Larry Holmquist
(my 2$)

@_date: 2002-05-07 08:56:40
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Millions of reasons for killing larry. 
"Management interests in too many cases have become misaligned with investor interests," said Alan Beller, the director of the corporation finance division at the Securities and Exchange Commission (news - web sites).
In 1998 and 1999, Paul A. Allaire, then the chief executive of Xerox, made about $16 million selling company shares that were trading at more than $50, according to Thomson Financial. Last week, Xerox agreed to restate its earnings back to 1997 and to pay a $10 million fine for inaccurate accounting. The stock closed on Friday at $10.52.
At Vitesse Semiconductor, executives including Louis Tomasetta, the chief executive, sold $53 million of stock in the first two months of last year, more than they had in all of 2000. Before the quarter had ended, the company cut its earnings projection by more than half, and the shares began a descent from $72 to their current price of $8.94.
Around the same time, Lawrence J. Ellison, Oracle's chief executive, mocked Microsoft for lowering its earnings forecast, saying its products, not the economy, were the cause. A month later, with Oracle's share price steady, Mr. Ellison made his first sale of Oracle stock in almost five years, for a gain of almost $900 million. Five weeks after that, he acknowledged that Oracle's profit would miss its estimate, and the stock dropped 21 percent in one day.

@_date: 2002-05-07 08:52:53
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: 'Teenage sluts take on Ernst & Young',pornapping. 
cant keep a wood industry down
  AND keeping the monkee UNDER a rock
AND shark repellers back to the drawing board...

@_date: 2002-05-07 08:14:16
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: FBI's depraved indifference 
Knew all along who did this,did nothing to protect source.
Former Klansman Heading to Trial in 1963 Church Bombing That Killed Four Black Girls
By Bob Johnson Associated Press Writer
Published: May 7, 2002
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - The trial of the final suspect in a 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls has been put on hold so attorneys can study the jury pool's answers to questionnaires.
The 114 potential jurors in the trial of former Ku Klux Klansman Bobby Frank Cherry on Monday filled out the lengthy questionnaires on their opinions about race and other issues. Circuit Judge James Garrett then sent them home with instructions to return Thursday to be questioned individually by prosecutors and defense attorneys.
Cherry's trial is one of the nation's biggest pieces of unfinished business from the civil rights era. He is accused of helping other Klansmen plant a dynamite bomb outside the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church, which was a downtown rallying site for demonstrators seeking an end to segregation.
The explosion blew a hole in a wall and killed the four girls, ages 11 and 14, as they prepared for a Sunday morning service on Sept. 15, 1963. It was the deadliest act of violence during the civil rights era.
Cherry, 72, could get life in prison if convicted.
"It's been a long time. It's time that this chapter comes to a close," prosecutor Doug Jones said before Garrett imposed a gag order.
Cherry was one of a group of Klansmen who came under almost immediate suspicion. However, the first prosecution in the case did not come until 1977, when Robert "Dynamite Bob" Chambliss was convicted and sentenced to prison, where he later died.
Ex-Klansman Thomas Blanton Jr. was convicted of murder last year and sentenced to prison. A fourth suspect, Herman Cash, died in 1994 without being charged.
Cherry was supposed to have gone on trial with Blanton but was ruled mentally incompetent to stand trial. But after psychologists testified that Cherry was faking, the judge reversed himself and declared Cherry competent.

@_date: 2002-05-07 08:05:05
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: War on Poor. 
Commuters face random sniffer dog searches
May 7 2002
NSW public transport users could be subject to sniffer dog searches under sweeping new powers for the state's police that come into effect this weekend.
The new regulations will allow police with sniffer dogs to carry out random drug searches on suspects using trains or buses on selected public transport routes.
Searches also will be carried out at stations, on platforms or any other stopping places under the plan.
Police Minister Michael Costa said the dogs will be used on train routes out of Central and heading to Bondi, Campbelltown, Nowra, Sutherland, Cronulla, Penrith, and Newcastle.
Random searches will be conducted at designated bus terminal and interchanges, including Grafton, Kempsey, Albury and Goulburn.
''These are the routes police intelligence have indicated would best utilise the drug dogs in a random fashion," Mr Costa told reporters today.
''Effectively, it would be the bulk of CityRail stations."
When asked whether the entire CityRail network was covered by the new regulations, Mr Costa replied: ''At this stage".
2 words
cayenne pepper.

@_date: 2002-05-07 07:55:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Aussie P.I.Gs read your mail 
ISP Iprimus lets the P.I.Gs imitate them and national data and security p/l will dobb you in to the P.I.Gs.
Euro APster trials?
Do the professor,Go Dutchy!

@_date: 2002-05-07 07:32:31
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Forth Reich 
US threat to wreck treaty system
Article pointing out that in order to withdraw from the treaty to create the International Criminal Court, signed by President Clinton in 1998, the US Government is taking the more fundamental step of rejecting the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, 'a 1969 pact detailing the obligations of nations to obey other international treaties' ( Guardian )
See also this Reuters report that the decision has made Canada 'sad'
Otto Reich Named on Board to Oversee SOA/WHISC
'Otto Reich has been named to the Board of Visitors at the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation (WHISC), formerly known as the School of the Americas (SOA). The WHISC's charter requires a Board of Visitors to monitor the school, to ensure that the curriculum emphasize "human rights, the rule of law, due process, civilian control of the military, and the role of the military in a democratic society." Reich has a history of aiding coups and known terrorists'
( SOA Watch )
See also this article by Farrukh Saleem and this FT report, both from last week, this Tom Turnipseed commentary from last month, this undiluted propaganda by Robert Novak from Thursday, and this National Security Archive dossier on Reich
The War on Terrorism's Gravy Train
Article about the private military services provided by Brown & Root, a subsidiary of Halliburton, where US Vice President Dick Cheney was CEO and chairman of the executive board until August 2000 ( CorpWatch )
See also this Austin Chronicle article from 2000, and this blog entry from last month
LINKs at

@_date: 2002-05-06 16:27:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Spate of fake pipe bombs 
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) - Pipe bombs left in mailboxes in Illinois, Iowa and Nebraska were nearly identical and clearly came from the same source, the FBI said Monday.
Agent Larry Holmquist said all of the bombs were made with the same materials. The only differences were some slight variations in the detonation mechanisms, he said, refusing to elaborate.
"There is no question that these were planted by the same person or persons," Holmquist said. He said letters planted with the bombs, which carry an anti-government message, also were identical.
Officials described the bombs as three-quarter-inch steel pipes attached to 9-volt batteries, and said they appeared to be triggered by being touched or moved
Sorry I'm late with this,I'll try harder for the next one.There's a hunger strike going on in my old jail at bendigo,the one without windows or exercise,mirrors,clocks,all that namby pamby stuff.

@_date: 2002-05-06 15:56:35
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: bleeding heart 
1920 -- US: Sacco & Vanzetti learn of their comrade Salsedos death while
in police custody yesterday & become scared they will be implicated in a
bomb plot.
They agree, with Mario Buda & Riccardo Orciani (another anarchist), to meet
the following day at the Elm Square Garage in West Bridgewater (where
Budas car was being repaired) & dispose of incriminating evidence. Sacco
goes to Boston to obtain a passport. It was this month, three years ago,
that Vanzetti & Sacco met in Boston at a meeting of Galleanist anarchists.
One week later they left for Mexico with other Italian anarchists to avoid
1937 -- Spain: (Tuesday): Gun-battles throughout the night in Barcelona.
Many barricades & violent clashes throughout the city.
In the Sants barrio 400 Guards are stripped of their weapons. Companys asks
the Valencia government for aircraft to bomb the CNT's premises & barracks.
The CNT-controlled artillery on Montjuich & Tibidabo is trained on the
Generalidad Palace. Abad de Santillan, Isgleas & Molina manage to halt in
Lerida, "en route to Barcelona," the divisions dispatched by the CNT's
Maximo Franco (anarchist Friends of Durruti member) & the POUM's Josi Rovira.
At 7:00 P.M. in the Principal Palace in the Ramblas, which has been
commandeered by the POUM, Jaime Balius, Pablo Ruiz, Eleuterio Roig &
Martin, representing the Friends of Durruti, meet Gorkin, Nin & Andrade,
representing the POUM's Executive Committee. Following an analysis of the
situation, & in view of the stance adopted by the CNT, they come to an
agreement to suggest an orderly armed withdrawal of combatants from the
At 9:00 P.M. the Generalidad radio station issues an appeal from the
leaders of the various organizations (Garcia Oliver representing the CNT)
for an end to fighting. The POUM Executive Committee releases a manifesto.
The Bolshevik-Leninist Section issues a handbill. On the night of May 4-5,
the Friends of Durruti Group drafts & prints up a handbill.
Anarchist chronology, Friends
1961 -- "Freedom Ride" (biracial) bus trips begin throughout American
South, organized by James Farmer & Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) to
desegregate bus terminals. Many northern civil rights activists join their
southern compatriots in demonstrations for integration of public places,
challenging non-compliance of 1957 & 1960 civil rights legislation. See May
14, when first bus is attacked.
1968 -- May '68 in France & Paris: Capitalism is discovering revolution is
still a threat, even in first world industrial & consumer nations.
1970 -- US: Four Kent State University students murdered by Ohio National
Guardsmen at a demonstration protesting the U.S. incursion into Cambodia
(see 30 April).
Despite warnings from advisors that invading Cambodia (Operation Duck Hook)
would lead to domestic bloodshed, Kissinger & Nixon decided to invade to
prove Nixon's toughness. Nixon was boozing heavily & repeatedly watching
Patton to bolster himself. Many staffers worried he'd gone off the deep end
mentally. He directed staffers to take a public hard-line posture toward
"Having drawn the sword, don't take it out -- stick it in hard."
With the Kent State killings the White House was stunned, more worried
about mushrooming protest than the deaths, which many blamed on students
themselves; J. Edgar Hoover advised that one of the women killed had been
"sleeping around" & was "nothing more than a whore." VP Spiro Agnew
fulminated about "traitors & thieves & perverts & irrational & illogical
people in our midst." [Sounds like the White House. --ed]
America's campuses exploded, finally joined in the streets by middle
America, by workers, & even dissidents within the government itself.
1970 -- US: 5,000 demonstrate at College Park, Washington, D.C. 450
policemen unable to disperse them, 600 National Guard sent in -- to protect
them, right?
1970 -- US: Jackson State College woman's dorm, Mississippi, May 4/5: two
black students killed, others wounded -- no media coverage
1989 -- China: 30,000 students march for democracy to Tienanmen Square,

@_date: 2002-05-06 07:07:38
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: E-cash article 
"...It is highly probable that digital cash may transform retail commerce in a manner similar to what the invention of currency did to the barter

@_date: 2002-05-05 08:57:45
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Sept 11-never forget...1973,Chile. 
[ 4 May 2002 ]
Blueprint for Britain
Extract from a new book about Chile under Augusto Pinochet, and the extent to which it was adopted as a testbed for the free-market extremes of the Thatcher government ( Andy Beckett via Guardian )
See also this interview with Chilean dissident Sergio Rueda, this article by Orlando Letelier from 1976, this research paper by Steve Kangas,* this research paper by Sherman Souther from 1998, this section of an interview with Noam Chomsky from 1994, this article by Edward S Herman from 1997, this article by Gary S Becker from 1997, and this interview with Alan Walters from 1998
13 LINKs at

@_date: 2002-05-04 15:15:27
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Re: Why I fill this list with SPAM 
>>Because I can. More slashdot is coming
Thanks jimbo,keep it up mate,you make me look all restrained and scholarly and that jon Katz,what a guy eh!?

@_date: 2002-05-04 13:49:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Prim thread at I/shop.(28 replies so far.) 
"...agriculture is "the indispensable basis of civilization," and "liberation is impossible without its dissolution." In the most developed capitalist nations, cities are home to the majority of the population, the separation of people from the land is nearly total, and agriculture is carried out as an intensely industrialized process. But practically no one, including Zerzan, imagines that either cities or agriculture could be abandoned overnight. A transition there would certainly have to be, and it would probably be a prolonged process undertaken, if history is any indicator, in the teeth of determined counterrevolutionary efforts aimed at the restoration of the old social order (unless the present ruling elites simply throw in the towel peacefully a seemingly unlikely but not impossible scenario). Would we then be anticipating a withering away of agriculture, to replace the Marxists' "withering away of the state"? The abolition of work is a more flexible idea and is probably more likely to catch on with the plebeian multitudes than calls to abolish civilization and technology. But there is a certain utopian maximalism in this as well. These ideas might serve better as stars to navigate by, while we sail on Fourier's seas of lemonade, seeking our Northwest passage, than as actual destinations. Work can be radically minimized; it is doubtful that it can ever be entirely eliminated. As long as we're not actually living as gatherers and hunters, some production must take place. Surely there has to be a way to accomplish it without domination and coercion of our fellow human beings, or insult to the rest of nature. The "small is beautiful" idea is appealing. "Appropriate" technologies, city gardens (horticulture), and, wherever possible, the revival of artisanal rather than industrial production are possibilities. The sheer size of the earth's human population, however, might make these solutions difficult to implement under all circumstances. Even if industrial society were cut down to size right now, the regeneration of nature could take a considerable time. In the event of another devastating world war-at this moment, alas, not just possible, but likely-resulting in the destruction of much of human society, the survivors may indeed be compelled to live as primitivists. Extract from...

@_date: 2002-05-04 11:57:29
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: FBI warned of 9-11 in 1974. 
In 74 delta flight 523 for Atlanta was hijacked,the plan was to take controls and glide into
the W/house,hopefully killing the president and most of his staff.(wheel chocks foiled the plot
and the wounded protaganist topped himself.)The SS had previously tried to have him prosecuted for
threatening the president only being dissauded by the guys psychiatrist.Samuel j.Byck.UnSung hero.
1886 - Robert Collino lives (1886-1975), Marseilles, France.
Science fiction author, & anarchist who wrote for many,
many anarchist publications, collaborated on Sebastien
Faure's Anarchist Encyclopedia, etc. His science fiction
novel, "Panurge au pays des machines" (1940) denounced
the dangers of totalitarianism, followed in 1966 by
"Essais fantastiques du Dr Rob".
1890 -- Enigmatic novelist, German anarchist revolutionary,
B. Traven (1890-1969) lives (again; we also show his birthdate
as 23 February 1882). [Aka Otto Feige, Albert Otto Max Wienecke,
Berick Traven Torsvan, Hal Croves, Torsvan Croves, Ret Marut,
Bent Traven].
A good day perhaps for finally organising that
second false passport: another of B Traven's birthdays,
being the birthdate given on Traven Torsvan's Mexican
naturalisation papers:
"The creative person should have no
other biography than his works."
1917 - French 21st Div. soldiers refuse orders to attack after
repeated suicide charges during WWI.
1928 - Argentina: In Buenos Aires, to protest against the
Italian dictatorship, the anarchist Severino Di Giovanni bombs
the Italian consulate (which was being used eliminate Italian
antifascists in exiles). Nine killed, 34 wounded
1937 - Spain: Republican government attacks workers; beginning of
open resistance to both the Republican & Communist authorities by
radical workers, anarchists, & others, opposing the regional
government takeover of the worker-run telephone company in
Barcelona. Fighting spread to all parts of the city, lasting for
four days. Stalinists denounce Trotskyite P.O.U.M. as "Franco's
Fifth Column" in preparation for its own liquidation
(assassinations, etc) of independent radicals & anarchists
(similar to purges in Russia as well).
(jamesd,go fuck yourself)
1968 - France: First fights of the May Upheaval occurs in the
Latin Quarter. Students meeting at the University of Sorbonne
to protest repression at Nanterre breaks up, but cops move in
& arrest 500.
Revolt breaks out all along the route taken by police vans &
thousands fight the police energetically. The beginning of
upheavals which last throughout the month & into June,
with schools, factories & offices occupied & a generalized
resistance to authority throughout France & inspires similar
revolts all over Europe.
The Paris, May 68 student coalition fermented & gained momentum
around a series of events: the arrest of student members of the
National Vietnam Committee, police brutality, & government &
university hierarchical impertinence.
By May 24, approximately ten million workers were on strike
in France.
1970 - US: Yale Day: 15,000 in continuing protests of nine Black
Panthers awaiting trial in New Haven.
1971 - US: 7,000 people arrested in attempt to shut down the
Pentagon. Last of the 14,000 arrests related to May Day
Vietnam War protests. At least to Bleeders have confessed
to being there.
1986 -- Australia: Anarchist Centenary Celebration.
2000 -- England: The Vote Nobody election campaign proves
successful today in the Bristol ward of Easton. An Autonomous
Zone is declared after 145 people voted for Nobody & just 5 for
the council. One staunch anarchist spoiled his ballot paper.
Sorry we can only guess what he was wiping.
Mattd,dataminer for the masses.

@_date: 2002-05-03 15:38:31
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Long bets on ...short lifespans? 
APster by anyother name would smell so sweet.
Another concept rising...negative interest rates? Its in the dead tree new scientist this week.(am tracking.)

@_date: 2002-05-03 14:45:50
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Indymedia now in 40 countries,declan on foodstamps soon? 
Check out Turkey ban on 'pessimistic' news.
Worried about Murdoch and AOL?
and AOLs like declan mcCATOhead? Just get a digital camera, laptop, and mobile and head into the street and Indymedia will take care of the rest. Born in the anti-globalisation protests of Seattle, Indymedia now covers more than 40 countries. Gene Kane tracks the progress of the movement. Indymedia around the world
Paris: France on the streets ahead of Sunday's election
Buenos Aires: May Day amid the debris
Jerusalem: Arafat escapes his compound
Johannesburg: Landless protesters land in jail
Bogota: Paramilitary and drugs wars drag on

@_date: 2002-05-03 14:02:20
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: International resistance to facist US hegemonism,Aotearoa 
Dunedin AND
Wellington.Aprox 20 years since anarchist suicide bomber exploded outside Kiwi's spy HQ.

@_date: 2002-05-03 12:52:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Adress sought for APster hit. 
THE REGION
Newspapers May Publish Photos of Officer Suspected in Rapes, Court Rules.
By SCOTT GOLD, TIMES STAFF WRITER
An appellate court Wednesday rejected a judge's decision to block the Los Angeles Times and other news organizations from publishing photographs of a San Bernardino police officer accused of raping at least 11 women.
The decision by the state's 4th District Court of Appeal took effect Last month, San Bernardino County Superior Court Judge W. Robert Fawke granted the media permission to take photographs of Ronald Allen VanRossum, 37, a 14-year San Bernardino Police Department veteran accused of raping women he encountered while on patrol. But after a defense attorney and a prosecutor protested, the judge ordered the media not to publish any of the pictures that had already been taken. The Times and the Press-Enterprise of Riverside asked the appeals court to overturn the decision, and the newspapers' petition was granted Wednesday.
"The public has a right to observe what goes on in the courts," said Alonzo Wickers, a Los Angeles-based attorney who represented The Times. "The Constitution does not give the court the authority to stop newspapers from publishing photographs that they lawfully attained. That is a well-recognized principle and it goes to the very core of the 1st Amendment's provisions for free speech and free press."
William J. Hadden, VanRossum's defense attorney, said he had hoped that blocking the publication of the photograph would protect potential jurors from being swayed. And, he said, publishing VanRossum's photo could prompt other women from the San Bernardino area to bring additional charges against the officer.
"We did not want anyone coming out of the woodwork and saying, 'Gee, I'm a victim,' based on the fact that his face is out there," Hadden said. "Both sides wanted the jury pool not to be tainted, but they also wanted to protect the integrity of the investigation that is ongoing."
Wickers said there is "no conceivable way that the mere publication of the defendant's photograph could in any way prejudice a jury pool so that 12 impartial jurors could not be found in a county with 2 million residents."
He said there is a significant public interest in publishing VanRossum's photo, giving "other potential victims the opportunity to come forward, perhaps because they will recognize that they were not the sole victim."
VanRossum is scheduled to be arraigned in June on more than two dozen charges associated with the rapes of 11 women. Two other women have come forward to police since those charges were filed.
VanRossum's attorney has said the officer is not guilty.

@_date: 2002-05-03 12:46:56
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Shrub taps Rather to replace Hughs. 
A sweaty ari fleisher confirmed today that the president had "begged',dan Rather to replace karen hughs and liven up his
shiteating scripts with some election eve style cornepone.Rather said shrub was "going down like a 2$ hoe",and smelt "worse than missip warthog in midsummer",but he would think about it.Also sy Hersh for FBI press liason?
Hersh on Ashcroft: "How would you describe him, demented?"
Seymour Hersh joked to Chicago journalists at last week's Peter Lisagor Awards banquet: "I was thinking of telling you when I got here that you all missed a great story because, actually it's a fact that John Ashcroft is outside, in Chicago today. He was announcing the arrest of three jaywalkers on Michigan boulevard." The New Yorker reporter added: "We have an attorney general that is, I don't know, how would you describe him, demented? We have an attorney general who doesn't seem to understand the law." MORE: "We didn't win the war in Afghanistan; I don't care what George Bush says."

@_date: 2002-05-03 11:55:56
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Priests need killing 
Lets help them see the error of their ways with a little APster.(my 2$)We are living in a period of mass extinctions,are we not?

@_date: 2002-05-03 11:54:22
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Vicar of spray. 
Up the Rector An Essex Vicar who was under investigation by the police for an article about the September 11th attacks has had his case dropped. Rev. Nigel Cooper in his monthly letter to parishioners expressed his opinion that the 3000 people that died in the Twin Towers weren't entirely innocent. Both towers were full of people working for the banks that fund the IMF, who in turn cause 30,000 deaths a day in the southern hemisphere. He also thought Bush was a greater threat to peace than terrorism, and that the US response was more to do with fighting for an empire than for civilisation. One reader took offence to the article and contacted the thought police who obviously couldn't find anything wrong with the comments, and have discontinued their investigations.
Crooks This month the International Criminal Court was finally ratified by enough countries to be established (SchNEWS 326). It's aim is to "investigate and bring to justice individuals who commit war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide." Shame it can't try crimes committed before 1 July 2002, the date it officially comes into force otherwise you'd have a few ex-US presidents and advisors running for cover. As it is George W is doing all he can to make sure he won't be appearing in the Hague, by refusing to ratify the treaty. China, Israel and Iraq are also refusing to sign up, no prizes for guessing why!  Charlatans In Rio de Janiero in 1992 World leaders met to discuss what they were going to do about our polluted planet. The decade since Rio has seen rampant destruction of our environment. This September 10 years later - leaders are meeting again in Johannesburg, South Africa, to pat each other on the back and vow to carry on as normal. Campaigners going to Johannesburg are demanding that an international court for crimes against the earth be set up, and are asking people for their nominations. Post yours at

@_date: 2002-05-03 11:50:33
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: SHnews never sleeps 
Long-term US anarchist prisoner Harold H. Thompson is challenging a decision that will decide whether inmates across the States are able to receive mail containing so called 'political content'. Currently up to 25,000 prisoners receive anarchist, environmental or animal rights literature. SchNEWS itself has had newsletters returned because apparently the content was 'unsuitable.' One supporter told SchNEWS "This is a seriously heavyweight legal contest with far-reaching implications for every prisoner held in US jails nationwide, particularly those prepared to stand and fight the system from behind cell bars." Harold desperately needs more money to fight the case. Donations can be sent to (payable to Friends of Harold H.Thomson') PO Box 375, Knaphill, Woking, Surrey, GU21 2XL
Positive SchNEWS Poolsbrook in Derbyshire is set to become the first village in Europe to set up a power station fuelled by methane piped from their rubbish tip to heat homes and generate electricity. The villagers set up a limited company and are raising the  they need for the project. The prices will be set by the villagers themselves at a meeting and the profit the company makes will be put back into community activities. It will cut the heating bills in half and drastically reduce CO2 emissions. Brian Cave-from Poolsbrook heating development said "We have a high ratio of unemployed, single parent families and pensioners so affordable heat is vital to them."
Heaps more UK and euro SHnews at

@_date: 2002-05-03 11:48:31
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Caterpillar drive 
Caterpillars of Society On April 11th pro-Palestinian activists occupied the Caterpillar HQ in Desford, Leicestershire in protest at the bulldozer-building company profiteering from the murderous Israeli activity in Palestine. Activists gained access to all parts of the site, occupied the managing director's office, and leafleted the 1,500 workforce some of who helped by handing some out to their colleagues. Israel uses Caterpillar bulldozers to wreak enormous destruction in the Occupied Territories - bulldozing Palestinians' homes, creating roadblocks, and digging mass graves. * Check out what's really going on in Palestine And Finally... aving the cheek to fight for a better world, the mass media focuses on protests in Seattle and Genoa, while burying news of general strikes and mass protests in countries like Argentina. But we know that it will only be people around the world working together and linking up with international struggles, that can defeat capitalism. As one of the speakers at last year's National Assembly of piqueteros, put it, "Argentina is part of a world-wide crisis - all over the world piqueteros are arising. And last week, 300,000 piqueteros invaded the city of Genoa to say 'no' to world-wide imperialism." Others have taken up the slogan 'Todos Somos Argentinos' - 'We Are All Argentineans' - because people know that what is happening now in Argentina will be happening in a country near you soon if the IMF and their big business mates carry on destroying the planet in their never ending search for profit. Unless of course, we stop 'em.
 From SHnews april at

@_date: 2002-05-03 11:46:59
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Norte Americano repression round up. 
Long Island Activist Visited by FBI today
  posted by anon on Thursday May 02 2002 @ 12:02PM PDT
   Long Island activist Jessica Collins was visited by the FBI today. The agent was Detective J. Douglad Varley and one other unidentified agent. They were refused entry by Jessica and told her they wanted to know about the ELF and ALF
More at  scroll around.
Phoenix Anarchists Riot On May Day
  posted by Necrotic State on Thursday May 02 2002 @ 11:28AM PDT
   Phoenix anarchists came out in force yesterday for May Day for the third year in a row. Five people were arrested, including one member of the Phoenix Anarchist Coalition.
More at  Angola 3,the slow motion holacaust continues in the US Gulag.
While inmates at the Louisiana State Penitentiary in Angola were finishing breakfast April 17, 1972, a prison guard lay dying in an empty dormitory. Brent Miller's body took 32 stab wounds from homemade knives before 7:30 a.m. He was 23 and newly married. The next day, Herman Wallace and Albert Woodfox, convicted armed robbers who had formed the first prison chapter of the Black Panthers at Angola, were placed in solitary confinement. They were among 30 so-called "black militant prisoners" locked away in the wake of Miller's killing and other violence at the prison.

@_date: 2002-05-03 11:25:30
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Group 4, murders and executions. 
Group 4 Profit It's still unclear what happened to the asylum seekers still missing after the Yarl's Wood Detention Centre fire in February (SchNEWS 348). After the fire, detainees were described as 'being at large', but a former detention officer recently contacted a Bedfordshire paper to say that she believes a group of 10 detainees who were in the prayer room were killed in the fire. Campaigners calling for an independent enquiry into the incident have so far been ignored. In what appears to be a massive cover up, witnesses to the event are being deported and 10 of the detainees have now been charged with "violent disorder." An Early Day Motion calling for an independent enquiry and the halt of deportations, has so far only been signed by 48 MP's. You can fax your MP free through  and ask them to sign EDM1048. Meanwhile Group 4 who run Yarl's Wood and Campsfield Detention Centre in Oxfordshire, are making big bucks out of making asylum seekers lives a misery. They've recently bought up Wakenhut the company that runs all of Australia's detention centres and other centres around the world with a total of 40,000 units. With the planned expansion of asylum detention in the UK under Labour's new immigration law Group 4 must be glad they've got involved in the 'immigration industry'.

@_date: 2002-05-03 01:53:57
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Prohibition blues 
For almost 14 years Kath Pettingill had waited for the call she always knew would come.
It came at 9.45pm on Wednesday. Victor Peirce was dead - shot less than 30 minutes earlier in Bay Street, Port Melbourne, in what police suspect was a drug-related killing.
Peirce, his half-brother, Trevor Pettingill, and two family friends, Peter McEvoy and Anthony Farrell, were charged and acquitted over the 1988 murders of two police in Walsh Street, South Yarra.
Constables Steven Tynan and Damian Eyre were ambushed when they went to a routine check on a stolen car on October 12. Investigators maintain the four killed the police as a revenge attack after Peirce's best friend, Graeme Jensen, was shot by armed robbery squad detectives in Narre Warren 13 hours earlier.
Kath Pettingill has known ever since how it would all end. "Without a word of a lie since every day since Walsh Street I have expected this to happen to Victor or Trevor," she said yesterday.
She is no stranger to crime, violence or grief. Two other sons, Dennis Allen, a man suspected of involvement in 11 deaths, and Jamie Pettingill died young. She had six sons and a daughter. All had criminal records.
Mrs Pettingill has drug-related convictions and at one point was the most influential woman in Melbourne's underworld. She released her own book, appropriately titled, The Matriarch.
Yesterday she spoke of the loss of her son: "I'm not asking for public sympathy, we'll shed our own tears. I'm going to bury him in peace."
She said that although retired from crime, she would be checking with old contacts to see who killed Peirce. "There is an old saying, You can run, but you can't hide."
Mrs Pettingill said her son had given up crime and had worked on the docks for four years to support his family.
"If this had happened to Dennis (his late elder brother), well fair enough, but not Victor. If I had been there I would have taken a bullet for him. He's got kids and grandkids."
Following Walsh Street, Peirce became the man police loved to hate. After his Supreme Court acquittal for the Walsh Street killings, D24 broadcast a message, "All units are warned, keep yourself in control."
On many station notice boards was a cartoon. It showed a policeman face down being kicked by a group of so-called enemies, including the government, media and judges. One of the figures was labelled "Victor Peirce."
Mrs Pettingill said that after the acquittal she believed Peirce would be killed by police but she accepts that he was murdered by fellow gangsters.
Last night The Age contacted police who had dealings with Peirce over the past 20 years. None were upset by his death.
One of the key witnesses against the Walsh Street four was Peirce's wife Wendy, who was to give key evidence against her husband. But before the trial she changed sides and refused to implicate Peirce. She was later jailed for perjury.
The Peirces were reunited after he was acquitted. The youngest of their four children, Vinnie, was named after the Walsh Street trial judge, Justice Frank Vincent. He was born in prison while his mother was still serving time.
The couple had an interesting marriage. Dennis Allen offered to shoot Wendy in the leg to assist Peirce in a bail application on compassionate grounds. "If I wasn't pregnant it would have been all right," she said. "Dennis would have known how to do it without doing too much damage."
When Peirce was released from prison in 1998 after serving six years for drug trafficking, Mrs Peirce said she was confident he had reformed. "He is not a monster. When he gets out we just want to be left alone . . . He is a family man with family values. He is one of the best fathers you could see. No one has anything to fear from us.
"He has had six years to think about it. He has a job lined up. I know that he is finished with crime. He just wants to live quietly with his family."
Her hopes ended in Bay Street. Peirce, 43, was shot dead and left in his 1993 maroon Commodore about 9.15pm.
There are several reasons police believe the murder was planned and executed by an experienced shooting team of two hitmen.
Although the killing was carried out in a busy street, the pair did it quickly without drawing attention to themselves.
The gunman appeared confident and calm. He stepped from the passenger-side door of a light coloured mid-80s Commodore and fired several shots into the body of Peirce.
The killer then hopped back into the car and the driver took off towards Beaconsfield Parade, staying within the speed limit and obeying all road rules.
Police say the car was probably stolen and almost certainly picked because it was plain: no fat tyres, hot motor or garish stripes - nothing a witness could remember.
Peirce had earlier had a coffee with Wendy and their teenage daughter, who walked home just before Peirce was shot.
Port Melbourne was once the toughest suburb in Melbourne, the centre of activities for the notorious Painters and Dockers Union. But in recent years it has become a trendy location.
Peirce, his wife and children, had moved from a drab house in a plain street in Rowville to a more upmarket home in Port Melbourne.
He had a job as a crane operator on the docks and wanted to be closer to work, where he often started on the pre-dawn shift.
Peirce always remained close to crime. He became a bodyguard for Italian crime figure and market identity Frank Benvenuto who was shot dead in 2000.
Police have been told that Peirce took out a contract to kill a man connected to the Melbourne cocaine industry. The man has alleged that Peirce fire-bombed his car.
He was also alleged to have been behind a car bombing at the docks.
He had vast gangland contacts, including Mark Militano, Frank Valastro, Jedd Houghton, Graeme Jensen and Gary Abdallah, all of whom were killed by Detectives believe Peirce had moved into the pill and powder market - amphetamines, cocaine and ecstasy.
The drug squad had seized a pill press used to make amphetamine-based fake ecstasy. They had been told it had been owned by Peirce.
One theory police are investigating is that Peirce was in Bay Street to collect money from a cocaine deal and was in an underworld rip-off.
Retired standover man Mark "Chopper" Read expressed no surprise at Peirce's "I knew him since he was 14," Read said.
"I had nothing against him but he thought selling drugs was a legal occupation. "These blokes have never worked out that there is no place for middle-aged gangsters."
Former undercover policeman Lachlan McCulloch, who infiltrated the Pettingill-Peirce clan, said they were dangerous and unpredictable.
In the operation, codenamed Earthquake, Mr McCulloch bought amphetamines, cannabis and heroin worth more $130,000 from the group. As a result, 15 people, including Trevor and Kath Pettingill, were arrested.
"They were not smart people. Victor was a real low-life," he said yesterday.
Mr McCulloch was also to arrest Peirce for his smallest crime - shoplifting a jar of instant coffee valued at $1.66.
"It was at an Asian grocers in North Melbourne. When we got there, we found 10 Asians sitting on top of him. He wasn't going anywhere.
"I found him to be a dill. If he was organised crime, Melbourne's pretty safe."
Ironically, Peirce's killers selected a light-coloured Holden Commodore for the job - the same type of vehicle used to lure Constables Tynan and Eyre to Walsh Street.
Like Constable Tynan in 1988, Peirce was rushed to the Alfred Hospital.
And as in the case of Constable Tynan, surgeons could do nothing to save him.

@_date: 2002-05-03 01:38:41
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: MayDay.MayDay. 
MAY DAY! MAY DAY! MAY DAY!
Hundreds of thousands of American workers, increasingly
determined to resist subjugation to capitalist power,
poured into a fledgling labor organization, the
Knights of Labor.
Beginning on May 1, 1886, they took to the streets to demand
universal adoption of the 8-hour day. Chicago was the center of
the movement. Workers there had been agitating for an 8-hour
day for months, & on the eve of May 1, 50,000 were already
on strike. 30,000 more swelled their ranks the next day,
bringing most of Chicago manufacturing to a standstill.
Fears of violent class conflict gripped the city. No violence
occurred on May 1 -- a Saturday -- or May 2. But on Monday,
May 3, a fight involving hundreds broke out at McCormick
Reaper between locked-out unionists & non-unionist workers
McCormick hired to replace them. The Chicago police,
swollen in number & heavily armed, quickly moved in with
clubs & guns to restore order. They left four
unionists dead &many others wounded.
Angered by the deadly force of the police, a group of
anarchists, led by August Spies & Albert Parsons, called on
workers to arm themselves & participate in a massive protest
demonstration in Haymarket Square on Tuesday evening, May 4.
The demonstration appeared to be a complete bust, with only
3,000 assembling. But near the end of the evening, an individual,
whose identity is still in dispute (possibly a police agent
provocateur), threw a bomb that killed seven police &
injured 67 others.
Hysterical city & state government officials rounded up eight
anarchists, tried them for murder, & sentenced them to death.
On 11 November 1887, four, including Parsons & Spies, were
executed. All of the executed advocated armed struggle & violence
as revolutionary methods, but their prosecutors found no evidence
that any had actually thrown the Haymarket bomb. They died
for their words -- not their deeds.
250,000 people lined Chicago's street during Parson's funeral
procession to express their outrage at this gross miscarriage of
For radicals & trade unionists everywhere, Haymarket became a
symbol of the stark inequality & injustice of capitalist society.
The May 1886 Chicago events figured prominently in the decision
of the founding congress of the Second International (Paris, 1889)
to make May 1, 1890 a demonstration of the solidarity & power
of the international working class movement. May Day has been a
celebration ever since.
1890 - May Day labor demonstrations spread to 13 other
30,000 march in Chicago as the newly prominent American
Federation of Labor throws its weight behind the 8-hour day
1891 - France: Army test their newly designed Lebels machine gun
against a peaceful May Day rally at Fourmies where women &
children were carrying flowers & palms. Casualties numbered 14
dead & 40 wounded. The anarchist Ravachol bombed the Lobau
Barracks in Paris in March 1892 as retribution.
Each footstep taken in this society bristles with privileges, &
is marked with a bloodstain; each turn of the government
machinery grinds the tumbling, gasping flesh of the poor; &
tears are running from everywhere in the impenetrable night
of suffering. Facing these endless murders & continuous
tortures, what's the meaning of society, this crumbling wall,
this collapsing staircase? ...
No cry is heeded: whenever a single, louder complaint penetrates
the din of sad murmurs, the Lebels is loaded & the troops are
 Octave Mirbeau, Ravachol
1906 - Twelve hundred members of the Iron Molders Union in
Milwaukee strike for shorter hours & a pay increase. After two
years, the strike ends in defeat.
One employer, Allis-Chalmers, will spend 21,700 dollars for the
Burr-Herr Detective Agency. What did the company get for its
money? The union reports more than 200 assaults on its members,
including union leader Peter Cramer, whose injuries kill him.
Another unionist, planted outside Burr-Herr, testifies the agency
offered him 10 dollars for each striker he beat up.
1911 - Beginning of the End?: US: Election of Socialist
governments in over 20 U.S. cities (plus Eugene Debs
gets 900,000 votes for President).
1911 - Chinese Revolution -- Sun Yat-sen becomes first president.
1916 - Chicago Herald becomes first newspaper to call the new
music "Jazz."
1923 - Joseph Heller lives. American writer, gained world fame
with his satirical war novel Catch-22: to fly dangerous combat
missions is insane, but if airmen seek to be relieved for mental
reasons, the request proves their sanity.
1966 - 500,000 Vietnamese march for end of war.
1968 - France: During the traditional May Day demonstrations
fights break out around a black flag as Communists try to
exclude the anarchists from the procession.
1969 - US: 169 are convicted of trespass in the aftermath of a
student occupation at Harvard University. Cambridge,
1970 - US: ROTC (Reserve Officer Training Corp) building
ransacked, College Park, Washington D.C. During this first
week of May 30 ROTC buildings are burned or bombed, &
the National Guard are teaching students a thing or two on 21
campuses in 16 states.
1970 - US: In New Haven, new protests over the pending trial of
Seale & Ericka Huggins, today & tomorrow, when 20,000
demonstrators show up.
1971 - US: Beginning of five days of anti-war May Day protests in
Washington, D.C., resulting in over 14,000 arrests--the largest
mass civil disobedience in U.S. history.
1971 - US: Anti-Vietnam War protesters attempt to blockade
government for a day; 5,000 District police, 1,500 National
Guard & 8,000 Federal troops start rounding people up:
7,000 arrested [another source: "20,000 National Guard &
police, 10,000 paratroopers"]. BleedMeister, then Midwest
Field Secretary for the US Student Press Association &
reporter for College Press Service, is there. By May 5 a
total of 12,614 are arrested (record).
1972 - Quang Tri captured by North Vietnam. The number of U.S.
troops has been reduced to 69,000. Beloved & Respected Comrade
Leader President Dick M "I Have a Plan" Nixon orders the mining
of ports in North Vietnam.
1977 - US: 24-hour occupation of Seabrook (NH) nuclear power site
results in 1,415 arrests. The action, sponsored by Clamshell
Alliance, becomes a model for anti-nuclear direct actions across
the country.
1977 - Turkey: State-sponsored paramilitary groups open fire on
tens of thousands of May Day demonstrators in Istanbul, killing 37.
1986 - 1.5 million take part in South African general strike.
1992 - US: Two days of rioting in the aftermath of the Rodney
King police brutality trial leaves 38 dead, 1500 injured & a half a
billion dollars in property damage, in Los Angeles. Preparations
made for military occupation.
1996 - Germany: Riots with Berlin police erupt after two separate
May Day marches, one of 20,000 workers protesting government
social spending cuts & one of 10,000 "radical leftists" protesting
anti-squatting raids. Ten police are injured.
1996 - Turkey: Three killed & 69 injured when Turkish police
attack banned leftist demonstrators in a 100,000 person May Day
rally. Istanbul.
Like desert flowers we learned to crouch near the earth,
fearful that we would die before the rains, cunning,
waiting the season of good growth.
---Meridel LeSueur
 From the daily bleed.(a pick)

@_date: 2002-05-03 00:53:12
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Secret police want to strip search 10 yo's. 
ASIO could detain and strip-search children as young as 10 under sweeping new powers proposed for the domestic spying agency, a parliamentary committee heard yesterday.
It could also interrogate detainees for up to 48 hours straight without providing access to a lawyer.
Law Council of Australia spokesman Michael Rozenes QC told the committee that changes to ASIO's governing legislation, prompted by the events of September 11, could lead to unprecedented abuses of power.
The Law Council and civil liberties groups say the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation is in danger of becoming a secret police force.
But ASIO director-general Dennis Richardson said changes were needed to fight international terrorist organisations such as al-Qaeda.
Under the new rules ASIO could detain not only terrorist suspects but anyone suspected of knowing about a possible terrorist threat.
On a lighter note a P.I.Gs went under a horse yesterday...

@_date: 2002-05-01 03:34:51
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Ich bein ein berliner. 
Riot police clashed with hundreds of leftist demonstrators after some of them broke into a supermarket on the eve of May Day in a traditional Berlin Rioters lobbed bottles and rocks and fired flares at police who intervened to stop the looting, which erupted after dark at the end of an open-air rock concert that drew an estimated 5,000 people to the streets of Kreuzberg district.
A police helicopter whirred overhead as several hundred officers rushed in and dispersed the masked leftists, geared up for anti-globalisation protests in the capital on the May Day holiday tomorrow.
Several police officers were injured, police spokesman Christian Matzdorf said. He said he knew of no injuries to demonstrators. By midnight, police reported the situation under control.
Berlin's gritty Kreuzberg district has been the focus of riots on May Day and the night before that have become a fixture in the capital over the past 15 years.
About 10,000 people gathered at night around bonfires in a park several kilometres to the north to mark St Walpurgis Night, recalling a medieval rite of spring believed to scare off witches. Firefighters were called out to douse a trash fire set on a nearby thoroughfare.
WALPURGISNACHT. Witches, warlocks & demons hold revels in
Harz Mountains. Whole towns rush into streets, making as much
noise as possible. Church bells ring, bonfires are lit. In British
Isles, a scapegoat is chosen by lots and burned, hobby horse parades
are held, chasing evil away until Mid-summer's Night.

@_date: 2002-05-01 02:43:18
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: Real Blood. 
1871 - Gettin' Civilized, Ayn Rand Style?: Mob massacres more than 100
Apaches who had placed themselves under U.S. protection
at Camp Grant, Arizona.
1883 - Jaroslav Haek lives (1883-1923), Prague. Czech
novelist, anarchist, humorist, Bolshevik, story writer,
Early in his career an active anarchist. A drunk, a
dog-stealer, & a cook who calculatedly pretended to
commit suicide & invented animals which did not exist
while editing the serious magazine "The
Animal World". Wrote a four-volume novel,
The Good Soldier Schweik, acclaimed
as one of the greatest satires in world literature.
1899 - US: Coeur d'Alene, Idaho miner's strike, 1,200
workers arrested, put into specially erected bullpens until
the strikes are broken.
In 1892, area mine workers launched a generation of deadly
warfare against armed & deputized strikebreakers.
This year, with mine owners refusing to recognize
unions & wildcat strikers dynamiting mines, Governor
Frank Steunenberg declared parts of Idaho were "in a
state of insurrection & rebellion."
Under martial law, President McKinley sent federal troops.
Steunenberg was a man of modest means before election, but
he left office rich, thanks to -- surprisingly -- the mining
1903 - Simone Larcher lives (true name Rachel Willissek)
(1903-1969), in Oise. French anarchist, proofreader,
antimilitarist.. With her companion, Louis Louvet,
she publishes the newspaper "L'anarchie", which
continues until 1929.
1930 - Radical anti-psychiatrist, anti-capitalist Felix
Guattari lives, Paris.
1969 - 543,000 US soldiers are in South Vietnam making war.
1970 - Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader President Dick M
Nixon announces U.S. troops, supposedly seeking out a supreme
Communist command post known as "COSVN," had invaded
Cambodia. It was a total fabrication, & even Mel Laird &
Hank Kissinger went ballistic over this one. 30,000 US
troops & 40,000+ South Vietnamese troops
involved. This US action set the scene for Pol Pot to take
over Cambodia.
1975 - Miss Saigon?: Independence Day. Vietnam defeats the
US while Republicans are at the helm. North Vietnamese troops
enter Saigon. Vietnam is reunited after 30 years of resistance to
U.S. domination & 100 years of French colonial misrule.
1977 - Argentina: The organization of the mothers of Plaza
de Mayo founded.
1983 - Bl;uesman Muddy Waters dies of a heart attack.
1986 - West Germany: First use of CS gas against
anti-nuclear demonstrators, Wackersdorf.
 From the daily bleed

@_date: 2002-05-01 02:32:48
@_author: matthew X 
@_subject: 9-11,they wont try that again...yeah right. 
They came back to the WTC to finish what they started.They should have been assisted in this with trial information from the 1st attempt.Is DC now unfinished business? Has there been more invaluable intelligence learnt?
RR is close to desirable targets,especially the Pentagon.If caucasians took the plane using more people to flush out marshalls and shaped charges to blow doors then it should be relativly simple to finish the job on DC.
My passports for sale.
Some senile numbskull wrote...>>(That the dominant political philosophy is closely-attuned to what is now called "libertarianism" (but which used to be called "liberalism," or "classical liberalism") is more because that's the only political philosophy attuned to distributed, non-hierarchical systems. One might imagine a list oriented toward using strong crypto to help with fascism, or with Maoism, but there would be some deep conflicts. The absence of such groups, or even of "strong crypto for social welfare" milder forms, tells us a lot.) <<
Dominant where exactly? Planet Tim?
 >>the only political philosophy attuned to distributed, non-hierarchical systems. <<
Is anarchism,where does "libertarianism",especially as defined here get off trying to rip off classic anarchism? Your a shameless thief Mongo.
 >> One might imagine a list oriented toward using strong crypto to help with fascism, or with Maoism, but there would be some deep conflicts.<<
There is,(this one.) and there are,(conflicts,ones you dont condescend to debate.(to vulgar?,scared?)
 >>strong crypto for social welfare" milder forms,<<
Is there a shoat in the house? Mongo is turning into the math equivalent.
