
@_date: 2002-01-31 13:49:58
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: March 15:SIXTH INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST POLICE BRUTALITY 
SIXTH INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST POLICE BRUTALITY
by COBP 3:10pm Thu Jan 31 '02
OUR STRUGGLE HAS NO BORDERS!
DOWN WITH POLICE STATES EVERYWHERE!
HELP ORGANISE INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST POLICE BRUTALITY!
SIXTH INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST POLICE BRUTALITY
MARCH 15th, 2002
March 15 2002 marks the sixth year of this international day of protest and solidarity against police brutality. It first began in 1997 as an initiative of the Black Flag collective in Switzerland along with the help of COBP (French acronym for Collective Opposed to Police Brutality) of Montreal. Since its first year, the International Day Against Police Brutality (IDAPB) has been a success. This date was chosen because on March 15th, two children, aged 11 and 12, were beaten by the Swiss police.
This day of denouncing police brutality is also an opportunity to create and strengthen ties between groups that work directly or indirectly against State brutality around the world. It permits the creation an indispensable international solidarity in the fight against police forces that collaborate world-wide and are extremely well organized. The IDAPB, which concretely represents this solidarity, should not be overlooked as an element in the development and need to denounce police brutality. The day shatters the myth of unanimity about the virtues of the police (positive values promoted especially by TV cop shows, Hollywood films and mass media). It also ends the isolation of groups and individuals who, engaged in this struggle, are subjected to daily repression.
The modern State's favoured instrument of repression, the police, is a fairly recent development in history: In the early 1800s, industrialisation is in full swing, people are migrating to the cities, becoming urban workers and swelling the proletarian class. Class conflicts increase when the bourgeoisie (urban ruling class) and industrial property (capital) live in close proximity to workers. With the increasing agitation and organisation of workers, the police is instituted to fight labour and protect industrial property.
Which "crime" shall be punished or not is left to the police's discretion; which laws shall be enforced, where and at what time, and especially who is forced to respect the law, is decided by the police. In effect, the police, the right arm of the State, abuses its power on a daily basis and exercises its violence with near total impunity. The police continuously and everywhere violate the very laws that they are supposed to uphold. The police check identity, spy, double-deal, hustle, repress, ticket, despise, pursue, arrest, imprison, deport, harass and beat-up; they inflict indignity, they torture and they kill. Their primary targets are the "undesirables of society," (the dangerous classes): the poor, the homeless, people of colour, immigrants and persons with irregular status ("illegal immigrants" and people who work under-the-table), sex workers, activists, the marginalised, student activists, organised workers, queer, gender-based and feminist activists and people who question and don't accept the legitimacy of the authorities.
As well, in the last few years, the world-wide movements and struggles against capitalist globalisation have been met with increasingly violent police repression. Police forces are no longer content in using 'less-than-lethal' weaponry against demonstrators. They are no longer just satisfied with perpetrating abominable acts of brutality, "preventive" arrests (kidnapping), illegal detentions, as well as inhuman jail conditions and torture. The police no longer hesitate to shoot at demonstrators, to kill them, be it in Gothenburg, in Genoa, in Argentina: we now need to count those wounded or killed by bullets. In response to the strength and breadth of anti-globalization demonstrations opposing the fortress of capitalism, the widening gap between the rich and the poor, the deepening of this poverty, the generalised misery and deterioration of living conditions, governments invest in their police forces, in order to maintain, at whatever cost, order and social peace.
The September 11 events in the USA have created genuine security craze the world over. Anti-terrorist laws, overtly fascist since they threaten the most fundamental rights, are being pushed through by governments world-wide. Increased and systematic surveillance of all means of communications, tougher border controls (if not their closure), racist and anti-immigration laws that far from effecting potential terrorists directly hit students, asylum seekers, refugees, persons waiting for normalisation documents, families waiting to be reunited, etc. These incidents have also resulted in the sudden increase in budgets and powers given to different police forces at the international level, which clearly signals totalitarian repercussions against all undesirables, 'the dangerous classes.'
Faced with the drift to state fascism, to the rhythm of the jackboot, we have the responsibility to act and support all victims of State force. We keenly invite you to participate in the International Day Against Police Brutality (IDAPB).
Until now, this event has taken place in several forms; street theatre, murals, publications, demonstrations, conferences, postering, workshops, exhibitions, radio and television shows, and cultural events. Some groups have organised more than one activity while others have formed coalitions. All collectives or individuals decide on what type of action, depending on the political climate of their country, the energy and willingness of people to organise an event, the resources available, etc. The key thing is the imagination and the creativity of the people involved.
OUR STRUGGLE HAS NO BORDERS!
DOWN WITH POLICE STATES EVERYWHERE!
HELP ORGANISE INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST POLICE BRUTALITY!
If you can't do something on March 15th, try to do something as close to the date as possible.
If you can't or don't want to participate, spread this message.
Translations of this text are very much appreciated.
For questions, commentaries, or to know more about COBP, write us or e-mail us and visit our web site at:
Mailing address:
c/o The Alternative Bookshop
2035 St-Laurent 2nd floor
Montreal, Quebec
H2X 2T3
E-mail : cobp or seahorse

@_date: 2002-01-31 08:08:11
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER
Q. What would happen to the surplus produced by an anarchist community?
A. Currently surplus production to need is either stored or traded.  Some
countries rely on the production of surplus to purchase products they don¹t
produce.  Very few on anarchist communities would be self sufficient, those
that are would not have to worry about trading with surrounding communities.
Those that are not self-sufficient are faced with problems that could
threaten their very survival.  Even those that are currently self-sufficient
may find that through no fault of their own they could face scarcity in the
near future.
Anarchist trading is not based on the concept that if you give us a plane we
will give you two tractors.   It¹s based on the idea of satisfying human
need, initially basic human needs, later on non-essential human needs.
Surplus production would be shared by those communities that need that
surplus.  This wouldn¹t occur because of any altruistic reasons it would
occur for very good practical reasons.  The bigger the pool that shares
surpluses produced the greater the possibility that everybody¹s human needs
within that pool will be satisfied.
Each community producers and distributes with the expectation that one day
when they are faced with scarcity, other communities within the network they
belong to would assist them.  This principle is akin to the principle
followed by communities that currently live in harsh environments.  They are
willing to extend the hand of hospitality to a stranger, because they know
that one day they may find themselves in the same situation.  Mutual
obligation encapsulates the sentiments that regulates "trading" between
anarchist communities.  The interaction between an anarchist  and a
non-anarchist  community would be different to the way anarchist communities
interact, because the concept of mutual obligation may not exist between
these communities.  In these situations, communities trading relationships
would mirror the type of trading arrangement we are familiar with now.

@_date: 2002-02-18 00:43:19
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Swiss indymedia shut down for a cartoon. 
There must be enough gold in Swissland to back a decent e-cash world economy.What's stopping us just going in and taking it?
"If Mr. Gandhi can protect his sister from rape through nonviolent means, then I will be a pacifist."Simone Weill.

@_date: 2002-02-17 23:01:39
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: AP for Pacifists. 
"The Force more powerful."
"Good parents know revenge doesn't work with their children, good teachers know it doesn't work in the classroom, good citizens know it doesn't work in their community, and a growing proportion of the criminal justice world is embracing the vision of "restorative justice" as a much more functional grounding for most of their work. Even though the majority of people in the US know that revenge doesn't work, there is a lack of awareness of the power of nonviolence in the larger public arena, even though two thirds of the world's population has experienced nonviolent social change that was successful beyond anyone's wildest dreams in South Africa, Eastern Europe, the Philippines, Gandhi in India, the US civil rights movement, to name just a few case studies covered in this remarkable book."
Nice to have APster in reserve though.Kill the president.pr.

@_date: 2002-02-17 20:46:57
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: authenticating (?) a computer diary to bust a judge 
>>"We authenticated the diary before we acted on it," said Irvine police Sgt. Tom Little.
They are probably "authenticating" my dell to find 2 "e-mails" that were left on a site "where anyone can post anything."
Wonder how Sherman Austin's computers are being 'authenticated.'
When I applied for the return of the dell,the computer dick said that merely booting up the computer alters thousands of files.Proving someone may have accessed the computer in storage could be a winner for OJ level It all brings encrypted everything closer.Kill little Tom and the president,"I'd buy that for a dollar."
"We declared jihad against the US government, because the US government is unjust, criminal and tyrannical. It has committed acts that are extremely unjust, hideous and criminal whether directly or through its support of the Israeli occupation."

@_date: 2002-02-17 13:45:44
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Inferno: Con-Sim Suggested Reading, 
Agent faustine scribbled...future warfare, theory and practice: RAND National Security Research and Analysis  <<
If you liked that you might like "assassination politics" by Jim Bell.
"Surrounded by Moslem maniacs on one side and Christian maniacs on the other, the wise Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."
Agent faustine scribbled...future warfare, theory and practice: RAND
National Security Research and Analysis
If you liked that you might like "assassination politics" by Jim Bell.
"Surrounded by Moslem maniacs on one side and Christian maniacs on the other, the wise Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."

@_date: 2002-02-17 11:24:46
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Intellibridge:Selling Enron short. 
Enron hired Intellibridge, based in the Georgetown section of Washington, D.C., to serve as its independent “propaganda” arm by creating a news Web site and organizing conferences that would bring regulatory, political, media and business leaders together to discuss the merits of a more competitive energy market.
In compiling a story on alleged conflicts of interest, it would seem that the Post would have wanted to reveal that Rothkopf was founder and chief executive officer of a company that served as a consultant for Enron, instead of framing Rothkopf’s comments as those from a somewhat disinterested third party who worked in the Clinton administration.
Immediately prior to forming Intellibridge, Rothkopf served for two years as managing director of Kissinger Associates, Inc., the geo-political consulting group chaired by the former U.S. secretary of state. After his stint at Kissinger Associates, Rothkopf founded Intellibridge—originally called the Newmarket Company—with the support of several former government officials, including former National Security Advisor Anthony Lake and former Central Intelligence Agency director John Deutch, who was accused in 2000 of mishandling sensitive data while serving at the CIA and previously as an under-secretary at the Defense Department.
As part of the contract with Enron, Intellibridge had the mandate to help stop the spread of the energy industry’s equivalent of the “rotten apple syndrome” through a public image enhancement campaign. Enron wanted to make sure negative perceptions about the company did not spread to segments of the American public that would hear about the company only in terms of the California energy crisis.
After awarding the contract, Enron alerted Intellibridge about who its friends were—certain conservative economists, the Wall Street Journal editorial page and large industrial companies—and who its enemies were—New York Times columnist Paul Krugman, then-New York Times editorial page editor Howell Raines, who late last summer moved into the top editorial position at the paper, and consumer advocacy groups.
Enron also wanted Intellibridge to create an advisory committee to help guide the public image campaign. Candidates for the committee included Cambridge Energy Research Associates Chairman Daniel Yergin, New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman, Economist magazine energy and environmental reporter Vijay Vaitheeswaran and Wall Street Journal columnist Rebecca Smith.
Intellibridge unveiled its news Web site for Enron at an Enron-sponsored conference early last October at the Ritz Carlton hotel in Arlington, Va. Attending the conference were business leaders, politicians and regulators from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, excluding former FERC Chairman Curt Hebert, who had left FERC in August 2001 after learning the Bush administration had consulted with Enron in choosing Pat Wood to take over as FERC chairman.
Soon after Intellibridge organized the conference in October, Enron’s fortunes began to crumble and the company then had too much damage for Intellibridge to control, thus putting an end to the relationship.

@_date: 2002-02-17 10:40:39
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Aberdeen Anarchist Resistance 
Aberdeen Anarchist Resistance is a local broad based anarchist group active in various struggles in and around the Aberdeen area. We believe that people are able to self-organise without the need of any kind of authority. We call for everyone to take their lives into their own hands and not to depend on any state, any god or generally any kind of "the man" who's gonna solve our problems. They need us and not vice versa! We have set up a literature table in the the city centre, on this carrying leaflets, newsletters etc from various anarchist sources. Any organisations or individuals who would like us to carry their material, please get in touch.  AAR
"We fight neither for replacing today's exploiters and oppressors, nor for the triumph of an abstract idea... We want everyone to be happy, without any discrimination. We want every person to be free to evolve and live as happy as possible. And we believe that this happiness can't be "donated" to the people neither by political parties, nor by individuals; we believe that all persons have to find the appropriate conditions by themselves, which would lead them to happiness, and fight for them. Because only the full function of the value of solidarity could put an end to the conflicts, the coercion and the exploitation..."
E. Malatesta
Aberdeen Anarchist Resistance is a local broad based anarchist group
active in various struggles in and around the Aberdeen area. We believe
that people are able to self-organise without the need of any kind of
authority. We call for everyone to take their lives into their own hands
and not to depend on any state, any god or generally any kind of
"the man" who's gonna solve our problems. They need us and not
vice versa! We have set up a literature table in the the city centre, on
this carrying leaflets, newsletters etc from various anarchist sources.
Any organisations or individuals who would like us to carry their
material, please get in touch.
AAR "We fight neither for replacing today's exploiters and oppressors, nor for the triumph of an abstract idea... We want everyone to be happy, without any discrimination. We want every person to be free to evolve and live as happy as possible. And we believe that this happiness can't be "donated" to the people neither by political parties, nor by individuals; we believe that all persons have to find the appropriate conditions by themselves, which would lead them to happiness, and fight for them. Because only the full function of the value of solidarity could put an end to the conflicts, the coercion and the exploitation..."
E. Malatesta

@_date: 2002-02-16 18:04:17
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RE: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
>>von Clausewitz,Ceasar are fine as far as they go.(being authoritarian How did small armies like the free and democratic Greeks defeat huge armies of slaves?
Asked and answered."The force more powerful" goes way back.Soli-fucking-darity baby!
Check out Xenophon,the retreat of the 10,000.Oh...and Sun Szu of course.Then Slave and Peasant revolts,Agincort.Mongols.Revolutions,STUDY REVOLUTIONS especially Makhno and Durruti.(michael Collins)Closer to today,Bommi B.June  2cnd and Actione Directe followed by chapter 4,RAND to round things off.(never forgetting saint Jim) Nods to Mao,Castro,Uncle Ho.The Korean Makhno.Various Dacoits and Hoods.The entire Eastern Bloc fell, almost bloodlessly, in a couple weeks, because one by one everybody realized that all that's sometimes required is to finally stand up and be counted, and to just say no to the government. When the time was right, all it took was a slight push.

@_date: 2002-02-16 14:14:12
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Further to mod chipping Sony playstations 
The ACCC is seeking access to legally privileged documents in a High court case (the Daniels case.)
They also don't investigate Govt. Monopolies.(I asked them too once.) They worry a lot of au corporation's but they aint Robin bloody Hood.In fact with this mob  they are more like the fucking sherriff of Nottingham.
When action grows unprofitable, gather information;
when information grows unprofitable, sleep.
— Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
Information like the names of any ASIO agents is VERBOTTEN.Posting it anonymously is EVIL.

@_date: 2002-02-16 11:09:54
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Concentration Campfires. 
There's been a few already,more to follow.Kill the prime minister,pr.
As a result of the war, corporations have been enthroned, and an era of corruption in high places will follow, and the money power of the country will endeavor to prolong its reign by working upon the prejudices of the people until all wealth is aggregated in a few hands and the Republic is destroyed. Abe L.
There's been a few already,more to follow.Kill the prime
As a result of the war, corporations have been enthroned, and an era
of corruption in high places will follow, and the money power of the
country will endeavor to prolong its reign by working upon the prejudices
of the people until all wealth is aggregated in a few hands and the
Republic is destroyed. Abe L.

@_date: 2002-02-16 10:48:25
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Stroessner needs the Samoza plan. 
Paraguay uncovers new 'archive of terror'
The Paraguayan authorities say they have uncovered tonnes of confidential documents belonging to the feared secret police of the former military leader, Alfredo Stroessner.
A Paraguayan judge ordered raids on several police stations in the capital, Asuncion, where they found information on the clandestine activities of the police during the later stages of the 35-year Stroessner rule.
Mr Stroessner, who has been in exile in Brazil since he was overthrown in 1989, has been charged with human rights abuses.
Twelve years ago the Paraguayan authorities found another collection - dubbed the Archive of Terror - containing thousands of documents on the torture and disappearance of political prisoners.
Never to old to be APstered,If it hurts,your doing it wrong.
Paraguay uncovers new 'archive of terror' The Paraguayan authorities say they
have uncovered tonnes of confidential documents belonging to the feared
secret police of the former military leader, Alfredo Stroessner. A Paraguayan judge ordered raids on several police stations in the
capital, Asuncion, where they found information on the clandestine
activities of the police during the later stages of the 35-year
Stroessner rule. Mr Stroessner, who has been in exile in Brazil since he was overthrown in
1989, has been charged with human rights abuses. Twelve years ago the Paraguayan authorities found another collection -
dubbed the Archive of Terror - containing thousands of documents on the
torture and disappearance of political prisoners. Never to old to be APstered,If it hurts,your doing it

@_date: 2002-02-16 10:48:09
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Regan says,"Ill check for tails more and use better encyption 
A former United States Air Force sergeant has pleaded not guilty to trying to spy for Iraq, Libya and China.
Retired intelligence analyst Brian Regan, 39, is accused of writing to Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and offering to provide him with secret information for $13m.
"We enter a plea of not guilty and request a trial by jury," his lawyer Nina Ginsberg told a federal court in Alexandria, Virginia.
Mr Regan, who could face the death penalty if found guilty, was originally charged with attempted espionage last October.
Prosecutors say Mr Regan said in a letter to the Iraqi leader: "I am willing to commit esposinage (sic) against the United States by providing your country with highly classified information."
Because of the risks involved, Mr Regan allegedly said he wanted at least $13m - "a small price to pay for what you [Saddam] will receive".
Mr Regan worked for the National Reconnaissance Office, a military intelligence agency that builds and operates America's network of spy In the letter, Mr Regan allegedly said he had access to highly sensitive material from all the US intelligence services.
He is said to have told the Iraqi leader that he was planning to retire soon and needed the extra money because he would only receive a "small" government pension.
Mr Regan is also said to have offered to give Iraq a sample of classified documents for $1m.
He allegedly said the information he was offering was worth "billions" and urged the Iraqi leader not to pass up "the chance of a lifetime".
Mr Regan is also accused of drafting a similar letter to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson did not disclose whether the letter was actually delivered, but said the case against Mr Regan "paints a picture of betrayal".
Mr Regan was arrested in August last year at Dulles International Airport as he tried to board a flight to Germany.
Police allegedly found addresses for the Chinese and Iraqi embassies in Switzerland and Austria in his wallet and secreted in the sole of his shoe.
A former United States Air Force sergeant
has pleaded not guilty to trying to spy for Iraq, Libya and China. Retired intelligence analyst Brian Regan, 39, is accused of writing to
Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and offering to provide him with secret
information for $13m. "We enter a plea of not guilty and request a trial by jury,"
his lawyer Nina Ginsberg told a federal court in Alexandria, Virginia.
Mr Regan, who could face the death penalty if found guilty, was
originally charged with attempted espionage last October. Prosecutors say Mr Regan said in a letter to the Iraqi leader: "I am
willing to commit esposinage (sic) against the United States by providing
your country with highly classified information." Because of the risks involved, Mr Regan allegedly said he wanted at least
$13m - "a small price to pay for what you [Saddam] will
receive". Mr Regan worked for the National Reconnaissance Office, a military
intelligence agency that builds and operates America's network of spy
satellites. In the letter, Mr Regan allegedly said he had access to highly sensitive
material from all the US intelligence services. He is said to have told the Iraqi leader that he was planning to retire
soon and needed the extra money because he would only receive a
"small" government pension. Mr Regan is also said to have offered to give Iraq a sample of classified
documents for $1m. He allegedly said the information he was offering was worth
"billions" and urged the Iraqi leader not to pass up "the
chance of a lifetime". Arrest Mr Regan is also accused of drafting a similar letter to Libyan
leader Muammar Gaddafi. Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson did not disclose whether the
letter was actually delivered, but said the case against Mr Regan
"paints a picture of betrayal". Mr Regan was arrested in August last year at Dulles International Airport
as he tried to board a flight to Germany. Police allegedly found addresses for the Chinese and Iraqi embassies in
Switzerland and Austria in his wallet and secreted in the sole of his
shoe.

@_date: 2002-02-16 09:57:54
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Charges Dropped against Sherman Austin of Raise the Fist 
Harassing Motherfuckers.Gave me a good molly recipe though ...
Stupid fucking P.I.Gs.

@_date: 2002-02-16 09:44:21
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Dont fly-Ride! 
Also,anarchist photo gallery "Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments?"
Also,anarchist photo gallery
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST
revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the

@_date: 2002-02-16 09:40:33
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Radical Albuquerque Dissidents news. 
A - I N F O S N E W S S E R V I C E  ________________________________________________ Contact Name: Radical Albuquerque Dissidents Contact Address: thesocial Event title: SouthWest Anarchist Social Dates: April 19-21 Location: Albuquerque, NM Fellow radicals, I am writing you on behalf of Radical Albuquerque Dissidents (RAD) to invite you to the Southwest Anarchists Social to be held in Albuquerque April 19-21. The purpose of the Social is to get to focus on building a regional radical community, not anything formal, like a federation, coalition, or network (at least not yet). To this end we would like our events to be discussion (not lecture) based. We would like for there to be games, music, and fun. We are seeking input regarding any speakers from the region they would like to see. We have tossed around names like Keith McHenry, Russell Means, Ward Churchill, and Marta Dominguez. We are shying away from having more than a few workshops, but we would like input on what workshops you would like to facilitate/participate in. We are already looking for people with street medic experience & street tactics knowledge. If you are in the know on these topics please contact us! We will keep you up to date regarding logistics of the Social, but for now, please plan on bringing some camping gear (sleeping bags, tents, etc.) the weather in Albuquerque in late April is usually pretty pleasant, but can be windy and downright chilly at night. We do not have a comprehensive list of groups in the Southwest, so please e-mail us with these lists, or any other comments or questions e-mail us at thesocial

@_date: 2002-02-16 09:24:51
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: No Justice,No Peace! 
WAILING WALLS
British headlines are full of suicide bombs, raids on Jewish settlements,
inter-Palestinian violence. My experience of the past few weeks has
included listening to Israeli F16 bombers flying low over Gaza City for two
consecutive nights. That is the real drama being played out in the grim day
to day existence of Palestinians. - Rev. Lucy Winkett (Human Rights
One day in 1998 Salim Shawamreh and his family were eating dinner at their
home in Anata, a Palestinian suburb of Jerusalem, when the house was
surrounded by two hundred Israeli soldiers. They were given just 15 minutes
to pack their bags before their house was destroyed.
Salim tried to stop the soldiers and was attacked then arrested; his wife
locked the doors, trying to keep their six children safe. The army
responded by breaking windows and throwing in tear gas. Salim's 'crime' was
that he didn't have a permit for his house. He owned the land that he had
bought to house his family, who were living in cramped conditions in a
refugee camp. But every time he applied for a building permit to build his
house legally, according to rigged Israeli law, he was refused.
What happened to Salim and his family is what Jeff Halper from the Israeli
Committee Against House Demolitions describes as the Kafka-esque
administration system designed to wear the Palestinians down...laws,
zoning, planning, permits, settlements, roadblocks all designed to
control and confine the Palestinians. In the past few years 250 by-pass
roads costing $3 billion dollars and all funded by the US have been built
to bypass Palestinian settlements - cutting the Palestinian state up into
small isolated islands. In the Jewish settlements there are bungalows and
swimming pools, and well-watered land, whereas in Palestinian Khan Younis a
population of 200,000 people doesn't even have a sewage system. For the
Israeli government this war of attrition is much more preferable than using
the army, because images of soldiers shooting at stone throwing youths does
not go down well internationally. Much better, and much less newsworthy to
drown the Palestinians in bureaucratic despair.
Currently over 180 Palestinian children are being held as political prisoners in Israeli
jails where they are subject to violence and denied basic rights such as family and lawyer
visits and the right to continue their education.
Peace House
During the demolition of Salim's house local villagers and people from the
Committee Against House Demolitions tried to stop it being destroyed -
seven were injured including a 16 year old who lost a kidney. The Red Cross
gave the family a tent where they lived by the ruins of their house, until
a new one was built with the help of hundreds of people. Just 24 hours
later however and the army were back with the bulldozers - this time even
taking the tent because it didn't have a permit! Yet again hundreds of
people helped to rebuild it, and again it was demolished, the army even
digging up the foundations.
The destruction is just one of the many hundreds in a fresh wave of house
demolitions that are taking place in Palestine. But Salim's house, dubbed
the Peace House, is also a symbol of the resistance that has taken place,
with Arabs and Jews working together to take direct action to stop the
demolitions and to rebuild those houses that have been destroyed. Support
from the Israeli people is important - they can get in front of bulldozers
and will only be arrested. If a Palestinians did the same they may be shot.
In other countries not quite so powerful as Israel, you would be hearing
words like ethnic cleansing and Apartheid (there are now Jewish-only
beaches) but then this is the fourth biggest military power in the world
receiving goodwill and good cash (£3 billion a year) from the most powerful
nation in the world - USA. As the Palestinian Authour, Edward Said
commented, "Israel's cruel confinement of 1.3 million people in the Gaza
Strip, jammed like so many sardines into a tiny place surrounded by a
barbed-wire fence, and of nearly two million in the West Bank - all of
whose entrances and exits are controlled by the Israeli Defence Force - has
few parallels in the annals of colonialism. Even under Apartheid, F16 jets
were never used to bomb African homelands, as they are now sent against
Palestinian towns and villages."
Last Orders
In the past few weeks nearly 230 Israeli army reservists, many of them
officers, have signed a petition saying they will refuse to serve in the
occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip because Israel is "dominating, expelling,
starving and humiliating" the Palestinian population. The army revolt is
the biggest since the start of the 16-month Palestinian uprising. One of
them, Lieutenant Ishai Sagi, has described how, during one two-week stint
in the West Bank, he was ordered to open fire at Palestinians who picked up
stones for throwing at the troops. "Everything that we do in there - all
the horrors, all the tearing down of houses and trees, all the roadblocks,
everything - is just for one purpose, the settlers, who I believe are
illegally there. So I believe that the [orders] that I got were illegal and
I won't follow them again."
Last Saturday 10,000 people in Tel-Aviv, demonstrated their support for
those sentiments under the banner "The Occupation Is Killing Us All",
demanding an immediate end to the occupation of Palestinian land and
solidarity with the growing number of young Israelis who are refusing to
serve in the occupied territories. See: * The Palestine Solidarity Campaign are calling for a boycott of Israeli
goods and tourism. Box BM, PSA, London, WC1N 3XX. Tel. 020-7700-6192.
* 26th Feb The Case Against Sharon - Michael Verhaeghe, part of the legal
team in Belgium who are trying to prosecute the Israeli Prime Minister for
war crimes, is speaking at Goodenough College, Mecklenburgh Square, London
WC1 8pm. * See New Palestinian Indymedia site: * Also see Recommended reading:
- Pity the Nation by Robert Fisk (Simon & Schuster 1991).
- Drinking the Sea at Gaza by Amira Hass (Owl Books 2000).
- Fateful Triangle: the US, Israeli and the Palestinians by Noam Chomsky
and Edward Said (Southend Press 1999).

@_date: 2002-02-16 08:31:59
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Jeis mates?:"Antti Rautiainen") Political prisoners in Finland. 
(en) Political prisoners in Finland, January 2002
 From "Antti Rautiainen" Date Fri, 15 Feb 2002 13:34:18 -0400 (GMT+4)

@_date: 2002-02-16 08:29:09
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Jim Flaherty MUST be killed."...Call it tough love." 
Homelessness would become a crime if Jim Flaherty wins his bid to become premier of Ontario, a proposal that even fellow Tories called disgusting and Dickensian. MORE...FROM
If he wants to get rid of the homeless he can APster them like everyone else.Kill all leaders.pr.
"The entire Eastern Bloc fell, almost bloodlessly, in a couple weeks, because one by one everybody realized that all that's sometimes required is to finally stand up and be counted, and to just say no to the government. When the time was right, all it took was a slight push."

@_date: 2002-02-16 08:02:46
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Argentina as "a laboratory of struggle" 
"...in some parts of the country, workers have taken over and are running factories that owners have abandoned."
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.
"...in some parts of the country, workers have taken over and are
running factories that owners have
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without
liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-16 06:54:40
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Warheads. 
>>The primary moral justification for war is to protect the innocent from certain harm. Augustine, whose early 5th century book, The City of God, is a seminal contribution to just war thinking, argues (echoing Socrates) that it is better for the Christian as an individual to suffer harm rather than to commit it. But is the morally responsible person also required, or even permitted, to make for other innocent persons a commitment to non-self-defense? For Augustine, and for the broader just war tradition, the answer is no. If one has compelling evidence that innocent people who are in no position to protect themselves will be grievously harmed unless coercive force is used to stop an aggressor, then the moral principle of love of neighbor calls us to the use of force. <<
Well as long as Amoury Kar keeps supplying the euro-colonialists in Occupied Palestine,Al Quida and anyone should support the use of force against ALL Norte Americano taxpayers.Don't commit suicide by attacking their soldiers,cut the heads off tourist's,set booby traps,practise kidnapping,bio warfare,use bushfires.DEATH to AMERICA! APster now.
Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system, through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times. When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.Kill the president.Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2002-02-16 06:36:08
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: White House Advisor Richard Clarke Briefs Senate Panel on 
White House Advisor Richard Clarke Briefs Senate Panel on Cybersecurity
 >>all the fiber optic cables that traverse the Atlantic Ocean come together in only one or two places on Manhattan Island.<<
Memo to other terrorists.1st we take Manhatten,then we take DC.
 >>Both the public and private sector must safeguard themselves against viruses that affect or have the capability to shut down commerce. The last four viruses have caused over $12 billion worth of damage. One virus in particular took down over 350,000 servers<<
The FBI is on it.Don't worry,be happy.install our KL today.
 >>-- A national strategy for cybersecurity in accordance with the private sector and the academic community.<<
The academic community has to be sniffed by lyn Cheney first,and how did that rat get in?
 >>The President's proposed FY-2003 budget includes a dramatic 64% increase for network security, now approaching about $4 billion. <<
More INSLAWs.+P.O.R.K.
 >>A fundamental change of thinking has occurred within IT firms to alter products to give more attention to security. <<
Yeah right.Nortel and RSA have chinese gestapo experience should that be  >>Security of IT Internet Services has also improved.
Carnivores breath stinks.We have always been at war with Oceania bin laden.
 >>Due to the Critical Infrastructure Board, bureaucracies are coordinated better and are working together more closely now. <<
We're all getting on like the FBI and the CIA! Don't know about Detrick though.
 >>-- Implementation of a "Cybercorps", or IT security scholarships, granted by the government. These scholarships work toward a bachelor or master's degree in IT security. For every year of scholarship granted, one year of service in the federal government is required. <<
I saw some of these kids in an FBI class late last year.We have nothing to fear but fear itself.
 >>Implementation of a cyberintelligence warning network to bring to light extraordinary and specific vulnerabilities in the cyber system. This information is shared between the public and private sector. <<
Guess this means no more "code red" alarms.That's got to be good.
 >>Over 150 private IT companies are working together to further enhance cybersecurity. <<
Forth Reich and roll.Get their names for posterity.Latter day Krupp's.
 >>Implementation of a modeling and simulation center to plan reactions to attacks on the cyber system and failure of cybersecurity. <<
Return to castle Wolfensen.Grand theft crypto.Bubble gum crisis.Keep your mitts off my joystick!
 >>-- Implementation of a cyberspace security public campaign, with help from such IT firms as AOL, Cisco, and Microsoft, to educate, warn, and prevent the public from cyberspace attacks. <<
Firms like this are attacking the consumers pockets and privacy in a sustained war.They are the aggressor's!
 >>Most terrorist groups have not engaged in information warfare, Clarke said, except for some very minor infractions. <<
Like deadly earnest threats to kill using APster,requiring the setting up of a grand jury in Ohio.
 >>Clarke said he prefers not to use the term "cyberterrorism"<<
It might catch on."Please dont mention the Junta."
 >>The spectrum of who can hack into vital information systems is enormous. It can range from a 14-year-old boy to a nation-state. So worrying about who could do such a thing is much less efficient than taking care of cyberspace vulnerabilities. <<
I don't think he's read chapter 4,RAND's Netwar,yet somehow.
 >>Clarke also pointed out the extreme significance of the cyberspace infrastructure. In the past ten years, every sector of the U.S. economy and government has moved onto network systems. Everybody relies on networks, and nothing can operate unless the networks are functioning correctly. However, Clarke said, none of these things were designed "with security in mind." <<
Not like the nuclear war proof internet and the Hanssen proof intranets.I don't think he's heard of "secrets and lies" or "the wisdom of insecurity'  >>there are many very easy things that can be done to disrupt the cyber system. <<
EMP? Ill stick with Apster for now.It gets easier to sell everyday.Kill the

@_date: 2002-02-16 04:15:20
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: RSA shitting bricks over stocks slide,scrutiny.SELL 
They should where you live.Thanks for propping up my slag off RSA "Terrorism really flourishes in areas of poverty, despair and hopelessness, where people see no future.kill the prez."

@_date: 2002-02-15 16:28:32
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RSA's rancid roots,DUMP RSA,DUMP RSA! 
Richard's comments below are very much worth reading. Also check out the
following URLs for back fight-censorship messages about the RSA/Zimmermann
MIT's Seth Finkelstein on RSA/Zimmermann history:
   Background on RSA's involvement with recent crypto legislation:
         ---------- Forwarded message ----------
As an opponent of Clipper--I debated Dorothy Denning on NPR once--I
was glad to read about the new Japanese encryption chip.
But that chip is not the right solution for most people who want to
use encryption.  For example, I'm considering using digital
signatures.  I don't need the high power that requires special
expensive hardware, and I would rather not have to buy it.  What I
would really like is free software, which I can run on an ordinary PC,
to do the job.
Unfortunately, there isn't any.  RSA Inc. made sure of that.
Zimmermann initially intended to release PGP as free software.  But
RSA Inc threatened him with a patent suit, and forced him to change
the distribution terms.  Now PGP in the US uses RSAREF, which is
restricted by a patent license to non-commercial use only.  In other
words, only hobbyists and academics can use it.  There is a commercial
version which is proprietary software, and apparently not many people
want it badly enough to buy it.
The version of PGP used outside the US is free software, but if you
use it within the US, RSA Inc. can sue you.
This is very bad for people who would like to use PGP.  But it is
worse than that.  It affects the political battle too.
PGP had a chance to create a constituency of Americans who demand the
right to use encryption.  If PGP had been allowed for use in business,
not just by hobbyists, we would have far more Americans who care
enough to fight against Clipper--and they would include businesses
which have the funds to influence legislators.  RSA Inc. prevented
this from happening, and did so for no reason except money.
Bidzos and Rivest would like to present themselves as the defenders of
our freedom to use encryption.  And it is true, they would like us to
be able to use encryption, as long as we are required to pay them for
doing so.  But when they had the choice of letting us use encryption
freely or stamping it out, they chose the latter.
I hope you won't portray them as heroes.

@_date: 2002-02-15 12:05:58
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Cypherpunk legend takes Turkey by storm. 
What a guy! Personality,brains and moxie.
An often overlooked nation that has been condemned by the International Court of Justice for the "unlawful use of force" (terrorism)is the U.S. This occurred in 1986 after the U.S attempted to "liberate" Nicaragua. I'm actually surprised that pretzel factories around the world haven't been bombed yet.
Some say that millions would die if the present techno-global fealty to work & the commodity were scrapped. But this overlooks many potentialities. For example, consider the vast numbers of people who would be freed from manipulative, parasitic, destructive pursuits for those of creativity, health & liberty." J.Zerzan.
What a guy! Personality,brains and moxie.
An often overlooked nation that has been condemned by the International
Court of Justice for the "unlawful use of force" (terrorism)is
the U.S. This occurred in 1986 after the U.S attempted to
"liberate" Nicaragua. I'm actually surprised that pretzel
factories around the world haven't been bombed
yet. Some say that millions would die if the present techno-global
fealty to work & the commodity were scrapped. But this overlooks many
potentialities. For example, consider the vast numbers of people who
would be freed from manipulative, parasitic, destructive pursuits for
those of creativity, health & liberty." J.Zerzan.

@_date: 2002-02-15 08:56:34
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Firebomb a police station,hijack a plane with samurai sword,go 
Hero protagonist still gets less than SUV burner,jeff luers and uppity Injun,leonard Peltier,also naughty boy,Chris Boyce.
"The fight for the future is not between the armies of leading states, nor are its weapons those of traditional armed forces. What all have in common is that they operate in small, dispersed units that can deploy anywhere, anytime to penetrate and disrupt. They all feature network forms of organization, doctrine, strategy, and technology attuned to the information age. And, from the Intifidah to the drug war, they are proving very hard to

@_date: 2002-02-15 06:05:38
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Old Chomsky lecture on the Mideast cris(es) (fwd), 
The Lying Liar Who Always Lies.(A homage to jamesd)
I have written this about that lying liar Noam Chomsky to show that nothing Chomsky, that lying apologist for tyranny, mass murder, and brutal inequality of power says can be believed, because that lying liar is always lying, and to illustrate his methods of deceiving his readers.
When that lying liar Chomsky lies, he does not say plainly in so many words "X is true", instead he uses convoluted, indirect, and lawyer-like sentences that lead the reader to believe that X is true, and that Chomsky has presented a well documented case that X is true, whereas in fact that lying liar Chomsky, that lying apologist for tyranny, brutal inequality of power, and mass murder _has not actually said X at all_. That lying apologist for totalitarianism phrases things in such a way as to give the reader a false impression without actually stating the lie in so many words, so whenever one of his lies is exposed, that lying liar Chomsky's lying fans lie "Ah, but Chomsky did not actually say X". Even though any true-believing anarcho-capitalist who -- like me -- defends property rights by stealing from Herman and Chomsky, reading the work in dispute would get the impression, after just a few hours of mental squinting and having refused to take my thorazine for a couple weeks, that that lying liar Chomsky had somehow or other _meant_ to lie and say X even though he _didn't_ say X. And that lying liar Chomsky probably just does this to make me look like a fool or a lunatic when I post that he's lying by saying X, and his fans can then lie that he never said X and when I look again, I see that he _didn't_ actually say X but not-X. That lying bastard. Whether he said X or didn't say X, he damn well _meant_ X and was lying when he meant X whether he said X or not-X. That lying liar is always lying and he always lies. MORE ON

@_date: 2002-02-15 05:58:00
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: nude burglars vs. capitalism 
>>Quoth PT: "In India, there are gangs of nudist burglers. They run into a house, forcing the inhabitants to retreat/leave out of embarassment, then carry items to a waiting car." I suppose, not requiring *any* investment, these are among the most uncapitalist folks around. The pigs, at least, feel compelled to buy uniforms.
Reminds me of an online photo taken in Sweden round Gothenburg police riots last year.It was on Indymedia,(should still be there though their video storage filled up.) The photo showed the back view of naked activist confronting a black and blue line of plastic peanut riot police.Indy look like adding new sites soon inc one in China.P trei can run off and warn his Chinese gestapo mates now,fuck him,he's a dead man.
PS.good movie by louis malle called "the thief of Paris." starred J.Paul Belmondo.circa.67.Also Tampa tushy fest 1.S.Butts

@_date: 2002-02-15 04:44:41
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Gibberers Decline and Fall of the US Empire. 
In economic terms, the US has actually been in decline relative to the rest of the world since it accounted for half the world's output after the second world war. In the past few years its share has bounced back to nearly 30% on some measures, partly because of the Soviet implosion and Japanese stagnation, and partly because of America's own long boom. But in the medium term, the strain of military overstretch is likely to make itself felt. More immediately, the US could face regional challenges, perhaps from China or Russia, which it would surely balk at pushing to military conflict. Then there is the likelihood of social eruptions in client states like Saudi Arabia which no amount of military technology will be able to see off. America's greatest defeat was, it should not be forgotten, inflicted by a peasant army in Vietnam. US room for manoeuvre may well prove more limited than might appear'
( Seumas Milne via Guardian )
See also this Robert Kuttner article
See also "assassination politics"by Jim Bell.
In economic terms, the US has actually been in decline relative to the
rest of the world since it accounted for half the world's output after
the second world war. In the past few years its share has bounced back to
nearly 30% on some measures, partly because of the Soviet implosion and
Japanese stagnation, and partly because of America's own long boom. But
in the medium term, the strain of military overstretch is likely to make
itself felt. More immediately, the US could face regional challenges,
perhaps from China or Russia, which it would surely balk at pushing to
military conflict. Then there is the likelihood of social eruptions in
client states like Saudi Arabia which no amount of military technology
will be able to see off. America's greatest defeat was, it should not be
forgotten, inflicted by a peasant army in Vietnam. US room for manoeuvre
may well prove more limited than might appear' ( Seumas Milne via Guardian )
See also this Robert Kuttner article
See also "assassination politics"by Jim Bell.

@_date: 2002-02-15 04:39:58
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Mercs 
Private Military Companies: Options for Regulation (PDF)
'Green Paper outlining options for the control of private military companies which operate out of the UK'
( UK Foreign Office )
See also this Guardian coverage, and the Foreign Affairs Committee report on Sierra Leone from 1999
UN considers use of Sandline in Africa and they have Yemen experience and 2 Boeing's if Bin ladens still around.
At the heart of every great fortune lies a great crime.
Private Military Companies: Options for Regulation
'Green Paper outlining options for the control of private military
companies which operate out of the UK' ( UK Foreign Office )
See also this Guardian coverage, and
the Foreign Affairs Committee report on Sierra
Leone from 1999
UN considers use of Sandline in Africa and they have Yemen experience and
2 Boeing's if Bin ladens still around.
At the heart of every great fortune lies a great crime.

@_date: 2002-02-15 04:39:18
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Victor Hou,special agent Kuhn,SA Pie or Pi need killing. 
"fuck the corporate playground." And the LEA's (from  )
"We don't gather weapons, plan extreme operation, and risk our lives for nothing. This is real."
"Yeah, motherfucker, I'm a terrorist to the United States Government. I'm a terrorist to capitalism."
Austin POWERS! More power to you Austin baby,YEAH!
"He had fertilizer in his car. He instructed others how to make fuel fertilizer bombs and encouraged people to make more devastating Molotov cocktails on his web site. He instructed them. The most high explosive and lethal mixture is ammonium nitrate-based fertilizer mixed with gasoline. Just stuff the bottle with this mixture and light the fucker"
 From dickhead Hou,thanks Sucker,I was looking for that recipe.
More on..."his web site encourages deception -- how rioters can use different techniques to evade the police, how not to -- be careful not to leave DNA evidence when you use bombs, because sometimes not all bombs explode where you want them to, encourage rioters to use these destructive devices against law enforcement officers."
Lucky its mirrored all around the world now Eh? BWAAAHAHAHA!
"What did the FBI do after it presumably let Mr. Austin go? They put a watch out, and they notified officials in New York City, indicating -- warning agents of the secret service. Why did they warn agents of the secret service? Because the defendant made threats against the president inside a web site. He had a picture of the president of the United States with a target symbol on his head, and said wanted, dead or alive."
Preferably dead.
"it Special Agent Pie or Pi, in which he says that defendant's web site contained, among other things, the following comment quote:
"Yeah, motherfucker, I'm a terrorist to the U.S. Government. I'm a terrorist to capitalism, not to innocent people. I'm a terrorist to the evil system that's terrorizing all of us. Fuck the Government.
"fuck the corporate playground." And the LEA's (from
  )
"We don't gather weapons, plan extreme operation, and risk our lives
for nothing. This is real."
"Yeah, motherfucker, I'm a terrorist to the United States
Government. I'm a terrorist to capitalism."
Austin POWERS! More power to you Austin baby,YEAH!
"He had fertilizer in his car. He instructed others how to make fuel
fertilizer bombs and encouraged people to make more devastating Molotov
cocktails on his web site. He instructed them. The most high explosive
and lethal mixture is ammonium nitrate-based fertilizer mixed with
gasoline. Just stuff the bottle with this mixture and light the
fucker"  From dickhead Hou,thanks Sucker,I was looking for that recipe.
More on..."his web site encourages deception -- how rioters can use
different techniques to evade the police, how not to -- be careful not to
leave DNA evidence when you use bombs, because sometimes not all bombs
explode where you want them to, encourage rioters to use these
destructive devices against law enforcement officers." Lucky its mirrored all around the world now Eh? BWAAAHAHAHA!
"What did the FBI do after it presumably let Mr. Austin go? They put
a watch out, and they notified officials in New York City, indicating --
warning agents of the secret service. Why did they warn agents of the
secret service? Because the defendant made threats against the president
inside a web site. He had a picture of the president of the United States
with a target symbol on his head, and said wanted, dead or
Preferably dead.
"it Special Agent Pie or Pi, in which he says that defendant's web
site contained, among other things, the following comment quote: "Yeah, motherfucker, I'm a terrorist to the U.S. Government. I'm a
terrorist to capitalism, not to innocent people. I'm a terrorist to the
evil system that's terrorizing all of us. Fuck the Government.

@_date: 2002-02-15 04:33:11
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Don=92t_Buy_For_Me_Argentina?= 
Remember ‘Bartertown’ in Mad Max – where people came out from the hinterland to the market settlement which had sprung up in a post-apocalypse world? Well it’s coming to that in Argentina. FROM
SEE ALSO STORIES HERE...
How can enterprizing C/punks defraud these suckers?
Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system, through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times. When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs. Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2002-02-15 03:59:28
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: domestic teddy bear surveillance 
>>Yes, there is a conspiracy but how does the government protect us from it ? Obviously, by matching the purchase records with personal contact/communication records.<< Ted Kacyzninski manufactured his own shrapnel from junk-yard metal. Pellet purchasing bombers are lazy. Has no one considered that all those Teddy Bears were for the purchaser's wives? It is Utah, after all. <<
During the Quebec ruckus a catapult was used to fire teddy bears over the fence,jaggi singh ,who was snatched and held prisoner for weeks,had teddy bears become a mascot and rallying symbol for his release.Hirstory repeating as farce? I'm old enough to remember "Brideshead revisited" and my own little teddy.Rupert the naughty bear was a horny cartoon from the OZ streetpaper  whose suppression became a cause celebre.Teddys have recently been evicted from Dr's waiting rooms here in au.They are a health hazard after all.Just went to Post office where they have a special on teddy's.Deja matrix view? Anyone read the Tao of pooh?
When encryption is outlawed only

@_date: 2002-02-15 03:47:17
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Adm. Poindexter, a known felon. 
>>ADMIRAL POINDEXTER! Get back on Felix The Cat where you belong! Get the damn pipe out of your mouth! You're history, you're gone! THE UNTOUCHABLES -Frank Zappa [1] No one knows who's in my dream... I mean it must be high or low. That is, I can't you know, tune in, but it's all right. (I mean that.) That is, I think it's not too bad. (Actual testimony of John Poindexter) The Texas Motel -Frank Zappa <<
Daily Bleedster...1958 -- Too Hip?: CBS television newsman Walter Cronkite
reports the Iranian government has banned rock & roll on the
grounds that it's against the concepts of Islam & a hazard to health.
Iranian doctors advise the "extreme gyrations" of rock & roll
dances are injurious to the hips.
1986 -- Frank Zappa appears on "Miami Vice", playing a crime
boss named "Mr. Frankie".
AND,because I'm reading snowcrash and luv anarchist stuff I had no idea about that keeps popping up...
1885 -- France: Jules Valles dies. Journalist, anarchist
propagandist, novelist.
He launches the weekly magazine "The Street," on
June 1, 1867, involving artists & writers such as Emile
Zola & Gustave Courbet, before it was eventually suppressed.
See the Anarchist Encyclopedia page,
2proffr $'s on the cat,kill the president,pr.
Get the damn pipe out of your mouth! You're history, you're gone! THE
UNTOUCHABLES -Frank Zappa [1] No one knows who's in my dream... I mean it
must be high or low. That is, I can't you know, tune in, but it's all
right. (I mean that.) That is, I think it's not too bad. (Actual
testimony of John Poindexter) The Texas Motel -Frank Zappa <<
Daily Bleedster...1958 -- Too Hip?: CBS television newsman Walter
Cronkite reports the Iranian government has banned rock & roll on the grounds that it's against the concepts of Islam & a hazard to health.
Iranian doctors advise the "extreme gyrations" of rock &
roll dances are injurious to the hips.
1986 -- Frank Zappa appears on "Miami Vice", playing a crime
boss named "Mr. Frankie". AND,because I'm reading snowcrash and luv anarchist stuff
I had no idea about that keeps popping up...
1885 -- France: Jules Valles dies. Journalist, anarchist propagandist, novelist.
He launches the weekly magazine "The Street," on June 1, 1867, involving artists & writers such as Emile Zola & Gustave Courbet, before it was eventually suppressed.
See the Anarchist Encyclopedia page, 2proffr $'s on the cat,kill the president,pr.

@_date: 2002-02-14 16:35:30
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: David brin,Choate need killing. 
Brin for a real stinker of an idea,except it might make it easier for APster assassins to find him,BUT NO!
and you Choate,why do you drag in these slashshite stories? One was by a republican party contributor,perry Barlow,
who also deserves to die.He has not had the decency yet to kill himself.What possible interest could these slashshite CRAP stories have for cypherpunks? If your not fucking CoinTelPro your the next worse thing.SPAM OFF FUCKWIT!
Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system, through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times. When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs. Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2002-02-14 15:36:32
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Airbrushed out of Hirstory. 
Indymedia no longer has an Ohio valley IMC,this site had almost daily posts from me following the law enforcement fuckup last year.All news of this that was kept in the legal* section off the main Indymedia site has been moved.
I know not where.I don't rate myself anywhere near ralph Mc Gehee so Occam's says its all just snafu.Still...paranoia is a cryptographers chronic complaint.Some porn shlockmeister is now cybersquatting on the OVIMC.Its weird...
I wouldn't blame the IMC's for not risking being shut down,they had enough hassle with the SS and FBI goombahs in Seattle.Some of the individual IMC's censored me anyway.Selah,it might be time to turn pro.
When action grows unprofitable, gather information;
when information grows unprofitable, sleep.
— Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness

@_date: 2002-02-14 14:41:24
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Crypto Campaign finance law reform. 
"Because you know they'll never do it."
It may sound strange that Jim Bell actually proposed CFLR on this list in 1996.Even stranger that this was well after AP.
Jim just contributed so much to this list its well worth burrowing in the archives.The gist of it was simply to compel encrypted contributions.They know they're getting them but not who from.
Has something on this.Personally I hope a plane comes in their window.Kill the president,pr.
Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system, through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times. When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs. Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2002-02-14 13:37:14
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Choate as Dr pangloss. 
>I believe I understand the basic concepts of AP - perhaps not the far-reaching >implications, but the fundamentals. I've thought about it, and I am against this >system. What will happen when you've killed off all of the politicians/gov't employees >who haven't quit? Do you really think this will make things better?
  1. There will be no politicans and government employees, except for those few who do not arouse the ire of more than a tiny fraction of the population, and are paid for by voluntary contributions. In other words, damn few. 2. There will be no taxes and no war. Any disputes will be of very small scale, a handful of people at most. 3. Individuals will be able to, and in fact will be responsible to defend themselves, although they may be able to do it by proxy. People will always have the option of defending others, and will do so if they believe that it deters future crimes that might be against them.
 >Anarchy simply >won't work with people. Have you ever read Lord of the Flies? I'm sure some >people haven't.
  Yes, I read it years ago. That book is fiction. Whether it represents any sort of potential reality is highly questionable. Even its premise is stilted: It hypothesizes a tiny, essentially homogenous society populated by immature boys, dropped into circumstances entirely foreign from anything they had ever known, with no adult guidance at all. Can you really expect good results from this, in fiction no less? Would it have made a good book if everything had happened hunky-dory? Anyway, anarchy is tradionally considered unstable because the strong are able to oppress the weak, and the weak can't effectively fight back, so governments are instituted. The system I've described, AP, allows a substantial number of anonymous weak people to (anonymously) pool their resources and defend themselves against a smaller number of strong oppressors. This is NEW. It may, in fact, allow anarchy to exist in a stable form, which may sound like an oxymoron but is not. If anarchy does indeed work, when suitably stabilized, then your premise is simply wrong.
 > Have any of you AP proponents >considered that perhaps our oh-so-corrupt government officials are simply >the best that our amoral, decaying populace has to offer? What would we >gain by rubbing them out?
  I see we have another Dr. Pangloss here. "the best of all possible worlds."
We have plenty to gain by removing them from their positions of power. They are wasteful parasites. They engage in make-work. They manipulate the rest of us. They criminalize activities that should not be crimes. They make us waste our resources, for example by keeping ever-larger numbers of people in jail and prison. They are protected by militaries, which are wasteful uses of our resources. Ultimately, they end up killing huge numbers of people, ultimately just to protect the supremacy of these government employees and officeholders.
 > Maybe the current form of government isn't perfect, or even great, but it is still >much better than anything that could possibly result from anonymous terrorism, >which is really what AP is, isn't it?
Who is to say that we even need a government? What, exactly, is the function of a government? Is that function truly necessary? Remember, AP changes the political landscape substantially. You can't any longer say things like "governmnet is necessary so that we can protect ourselves against foreign nations," because there will no longer be any foreign nations, or foreign armies, etc.
 >Peace can only be achieved by understanding, not through force or fear.
Sounds like a truism that isn't necessarily true. Don't deny individuals the right to defend themselves. If you do, then you actually encourage force used against them, and magnify their fear. Don't selectively apply this rule to ordinary citizens, while forgetting to apply it to officials. And maybe we don't really even need to "achieve peace." I've come to the conclusion that the only reason war is "necessary" is to protect the leadership of a country, not to protect its citizens. Remove that leadership from power, and peace will be automatic. Jim Bell jimbell

@_date: 2002-02-14 13:19:45
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The Tim May Hoax 
Fraud and liar hoist by his own little petard.HAHAHA!
 >>>At least we now know that the National Journal hasn't heard of
 >>>Cyber-Anarchy--- or they didn't understand one word of it.
 >>
 >>
 >>What is this "cyber-anarchy" (or "Cyber-Anarchy") you keep talking about?
 >
 >(Yeah, yeah.  Okay, I forgot the trademark.  But I still can't find the
 >"circle-C" on my keyboard!)
My point is actually not so much one of claiming credit for something I've
been involved with since 1988, as being somewhat critical of the
all-too-common tendency I see of _renaming_ something without adding any
new content.
Jim Bell calls his set of ideas "cyber-anarchy," and certain journalists
have picked up on this (as with the Australian article).
But with the exception of the one variant of anonymous markets, namely,
"assassination politics," most or all of the other ideas of his
"cyber-anarchy" seem to be encompassed by the already-existing term.
--Tim May
Boycott "Big Brother Inside" software!
We got computers, we're tapping phone lines, we know that that ain't allowed.
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Licensed Ontologist         | black markets, collapse of governments.
"_renaming_ something without adding any
new content."
Like the anarchy half of"crypto-anarchy",should have run with cyber-liberty eh,you senile shyster,you.Your reputations shot,tammy,give it up faggot.

@_date: 2002-02-14 10:45:14
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Is "Tim May","Aimee Farr"? 
>>Whoahh! Hold on there, Jimbo! You're crossing the line. You're coming perilously close to actually calling for the killing of a federal judge. My recollection is that a couple of folks have been arrested and charged for calling for the killing of judges. You can skirt the issue by saying, in your "literal reading" mode, that you have not called for any such thing. However, we have read your "assassination politics" stuff ad nauseum, and it is clear from your language above that you are suggesting that this judge be made the target of one of your "betting pools." This is a plausible reading of your words. What may save your bacon, if any law enforcement or district attorney types are reading this, is that you are sort of the "neighborhood whacko" and your ramblings are unlikely to be acted upon by anyone, including yourself. Still, it does your "idea" no good to be talking about using your "assassination politics" scheme to have a judge whacked. --Tim May
 >>>>I'm fairly certain you just crossed the Rubicon. ~Aimee <<
Even if they aren't one fat cat they're both clearly pussies.Kill the

@_date: 2002-02-14 10:37:55
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Frank Harrill and Brent Braun need killing. 
Law Enforcement Agencies Warning.
FBI agent Frank Harrill of the Los Angeles cybercrime squad.
FBI supervisory agent Brent Braun, who heads the Los Angeles office's securities fraud investigations.
Cyber Law Enforcement Organization: APster justice posse is coming,You can run but don't ever try to hide.
"The fight for the future is not between the armies of leading states, nor are its weapons those of traditional armed forces. What all have in common is that they operate in small, dispersed units that can deploy anywhere, anytime to penetrate and disrupt. They all feature network forms of organization, doctrine, strategy, and technology attuned to the information age. And, from the Intifadah to the drug war, they are proving very hard to

@_date: 2002-02-14 10:37:15
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Michael Spann deserved to die,Good Riddance to bad rubbish. 
A million mojo-dollars and 15 feet of pure white snow
for the head of george walker bush,payment on delivery.

@_date: 2002-02-14 10:26:49
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The US and Russia lock up more of their citizens than anywhere 
England has proportionately more people in prison than China, Saudi Arabia or Turkey, MORE...
There's a blogger I recommend for links alone.A spiffing collection.
I leave here in case my hard drive chucks it it.
"We are like people born in a cage and unable to visualize any world beyond our familiar bars of prejudice and superstition. That Opinion the Few create in order to control the Many has seen to it that we are kept in permanent ignorance of our actual estate. Even so, a number of prisoners are testing the bars" -Gore Vidal
England has proportionately more
people in prison than China, Saudi Arabia or Turkey, MORE...
There's a blogger I recommend for links alone.A spiffing
I leave here in case my hard drive chucks it it.
"We are like people born in a cage and
unable to visualize any world beyond our familiar bars of prejudice and
superstition. That Opinion the Few create in order to control the Many
has seen to it that we are kept in permanent ignorance of our actual
estate. Even so, a number of prisoners are testing the bars" -Gore

@_date: 2002-02-14 09:56:09
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Death Pen 
YORK: Racial bias, incompetent law enforcement and political pressure on judges are key factors behind a "serious" error rate in the US's death penalty system, according to a new study.
"Heavy and indiscriminate use" of capital punishment in some states, such as Texas and Florida, magnifies the problem and increases the risk of innocent people being sentenced to death.
"The time has come to fix the death penalty or end it," concludes the study, A Broken System by researchers at New York's Columbia University. "There is growing awareness that serious, reversible error permeates the system, putting innocent lives at risk, heightening the suffering of victims, leaving killers at large, wasting tax dollars and failing citizens and the justice system."
The study is the second part of a landmark examination of US death penalty cases from 1973 to 1995. The first instalment, released in June 2000, found courts reversed 68 per cent of death verdicts.
The report claims the incompetence of defence lawyers, misconduct of police and prosecutors and bias of jurors and judges accounted for 76 per cent of the reversals.
In 82 per cent of cases, the defendant did not receive the death sentence at retrial, including 9 per cent who were exonerated. Since 1975, 99 inmates have been freed from death row.
The study finds high reversal rates in areas where the homicide risk for whites is higher than for blacks and in jurisdictions where local authorities have poor crime-fighting records. Further, "the more often and directly state trial judges are subject to popular election, and the more partisan those elections are, the higher the state's rate of error".
The study also finds significant discrepancies within states. In Lexington County, South Carolina, the death sentence was imposed 93 times per 1000 homicides. In Richland County, a few kilometres away, the rate was 9 per 1000.
"The capital system is collapsing under the weight of error and the risk of executing the innocent is high," research leader James Liebman said.
Professor Liebman opposes capital punishment and critics charge the study is skewed to reflect his views. They say the fact errors are detected and sentences reversed shows the system is not "broken".

@_date: 2002-02-14 07:38:51
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Research shows just how much people hate a winner..., 
>>Not at all. The anarchist promise that 'if only...' we'll get rid of central government and go to a ad hoc contract society all our problems will be minimized and our solutions will be maximized.<<
I'm with you so far.
  >>That game theory and economic theory are the apogee of human societal You've lost me there jim.
  >>If not then what pray tell is anarchy offering? <<
A few of us don't want to get to prescriptive about a future anarchist society.Still you can go to anarchist sites for daily specials.
 >>It certainly looks upon all other forms of government as flawed, dangerous, and abusive. It actively promotes their destruction.<<
What else can a poor anarchist do.
 >>Explain how people are supposed to work openly and equitably in a anarchist society when they're all running around cheating behind each others backs? <<
I'm not a psychic.I hope they don't carry on like Enron executives.Maybe APster will keep em' honest.
 >>One of, if not THE, bedrocks of the anarchy creedo is that people act rationaly once government is removed.<<
Well they did before Govt was invented...for 10's of thousands of years.Honed our instincts it did and all.
The bedrock of authoritarians of left, (stalin) and right,(shitler) is that anarchy is "wild in the streets".Your buying into that
  >>This clearly indicates this fundamental issue, as presented by the CACL philosophies in general (they all rely heavily - too heavily - on pedandic game theory), is a major weakness.<<
Choate prime speak?
 >>People are NOT rational. Witout government the petty squabbles of everyday life explode into a hatfield and mccoy escapade, that with todays technology seems less than survivable.<<
So tell all to the FBI,trust the Govts that last century slaughtered millions.You have hatfield anti-choice nutters killing Drs,nurse's,patients and bystander Mccoys now.If you truly believe people aren't rational then why not call them sheeple?
Even if your right,Govt doesn't improve matters,its made up of people after all.You are right of course.(on Choate prime)
  >>CACL philosophy in general is exatrapolated from a flawed understanding of human nature.<<
Some of them have come to anarchism through CALC,I don't give up on anyone.(well maybe a few.)
Human nature is slippery,understanding relative.Is it fixed on Choate Prime?
  >>As to being too pessimistic...do the body count for the 20th centry and then take a look at what is around the corner.<<
The case FOR anarchism right there! 2001 was the 2cnd warmest on record.terrorists will soon just have to go outside with a few matches.It'll all burn.Are Govts going to save us on Choate prime?
  >>Pull your head out of whatever dark hole you have it in. <<
Hey,I have more faith in people being rational than you.
 >>There is only one answer: Democracy. <<
There seems to only one Choate prime.
 >>Equality for all under the law,<<
Blacks have nothing to bitch about on Choate prime.
  >>with protections of the rights of the minority (including the one), coupled with the right of individual self defence. <<
Choate prime sounds wonderful,how do you get there?
 >>It doesn't promise to solve any of your problems, but it does promise to keep others from involving you in theirs. Good luck with that pursuit of happiness jag (which is why fundamentaly business has no business in government - it's a means not an end)... <<
Are you and aimee on mescaline?Getting back to the experiment.I would use it as evidence against anarcho-capitalism.
Without the State to back up the robber barons property rights then people will do stuff like they were doing in that experiment.Kiss private property goodbye soon after the collapse of Govts.Long live Anarchy.Police hate me.

@_date: 2002-02-14 06:29:56
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarchist's that vote. 
Vote No in government's anti-choice referendum As we face into campaigning against yet another abortion referendum we are taking this opportunity to detail why we this is such an important issue for us. Anarchism is all about the freedom to choose to make decisions that directly effect us. For women, this includes the decision whether or not to become pregnant, whether or not to remain pregnant, whether or not to have children. It is possible to be an anarchist and to have a moral objection to abortion. It is not possible to be an anarchist and not support the right to choose. For if the right to choose does not rest solely with pregnant women, where does it lie; with the state, with lawyers and the courts, with police? The logic of the anti-choice position is that women are coerced into continuing with unwanted pregnancies. To anarchists this is unacceptable. Women consider many different issues when they make the decision to have an abortion. They consider the views of their partner, parents and of the society they live in. They consider the effect it will have on their career or studies. They think about whether they are ready for motherhood. They look at the relationship they are in. They examine their financial situation. The decision is complex and not an easy one. The best person, indeed the only person, with the right to make that decision, is the woman who is going to have to live with its consequences. So for us, the right to abortion is a basic human right. For many women abortion isn't a choice, rather it is the only option in their circumstances. The right to choose should also include the right to choose to become a mother. While we fight for abortion rights  on one hand, we also fight for the removal of stigma and economic barriers, which prevent some women from carrying through a pregnancy, which they would like to continue with. Our fight for abortion rights therefore is also part of a wider struggle to re-define what sort of lives women  are able to lead. It is just as much part of a struggle for a society that supports parents in their decision to have children. In defending and defining the right to choose in the broadest way possible, we are defending the right to make choices about how to live our lives. In doing this we are setting the agenda for a future society. Aileen O'Carroll

@_date: 2002-02-14 06:27:39
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Choate,the CIA's cypherpunk. 
Poindexter's there on the left,As is Choate,hiding behind Ross Perot.
"We declared jihad against the US government, because the US government is unjust, criminal and tyrannical. It has committed acts that are extremely unjust, hideous and criminal whether directly or through its support of the Israeli occupation."

@_date: 2002-02-14 06:20:27
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || technology and culture, from the trenches, 
If your into verbiage.
"Anarchists are opposed to violence...The main plank of anarchism is the removal of violence from human relations. It is life based on the freedom of the individual, without the intervention of the police. For this reason we are enemies of capitalism, which depends on the protection of the police to force workers to allow themselves to be exploited...We are therefore enemies of the State."Malatesa

@_date: 2002-02-14 05:11:51
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: TLA Indexing and Mirroring 
>>It must be a bitch using anonymizers when you ache for being noticed, like Hanssen and Ames and all the others filled with hatred of spotlighted babbling heads of agencies.
My bitch with anonymizers is they slow your surfing.
Any mirrors want nuclear site info? I've got some and we could Secure Up*
Also could cryptome infer what Hanssen liberated? Like in "the russia house."I think it would be a brilliant exercise for the crypto winter.Babbling follows...
I wonder if Putin will ever release Hanssen data to the Chinese for love and/or money (Its too much too hope he would release them on the web...)
I hope and pray he already has.The Chinese have all the knockoff cruise missiles that USAma sold em'
and the knockoffs from the downed spyplane.(Bless you pilot wang.)
Enough to take back the rebel province and humiliate the commander in chimp.
Another scenario has them blinding the cyclops by surgically removing US assets in the US colony of au.
May we live in interesting times.Year of the APster Horse.

@_date: 2002-02-13 23:20:27
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: DC to get more terror,--"no choice but to accept it" 
Al-Quida had two go's at the WTC,does anyone here think they wont be back to finish what they started in DC?
The latest from the scorpions caravan has them planning on recruiting some westerners to access RR and running a repeat performance of 9-11 on the Pentagon,Capitol building and /or W/house.This wont be till the homeland defence gets slack but is inevitable.Might as well rename RR,Bin Laden airport.
King called the United States "the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today."
 From Vietnam to South Africa to Latin America, King said, the U.S. was "on the wrong side of a world revolution." King questioned "our alliance with the landed gentry of Latin America," and asked why the U.S. was suppressing revolutions "of the shirtless and barefoot people" in the Third World, instead of supporting them.
On foreign policy;"capitalists of the West investing huge sums of money in Asia, Africa and South America, only to take the profits out with no concern for the social betterment of the countries."
Al Quida also "have a dream."Its not far removed from Mongo's.

@_date: 2002-02-13 23:04:02
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Poindexter redux 
Reflux seeing this.APster now! 1 proffr dollar on the Poin.
Search for Inslaw and the use of PROMIS in Guatamala,the old South Africa,Israel,etc Its sickening.
Imagine for a moment that as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust, or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. A person whose actions are so abusive or improper that the citizenry shouldn't have to tolerate it. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount: The amount they, themselves, would be willing to pay to anyone who "predicts" that officeholder's death. That donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a central registry organization, and be totaled, with the total amount available within seconds to any interested individual. If only 0.1% of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head.

@_date: 2002-02-13 22:53:03
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: stalking requires intent to create fear 
>>[re Kirkland, Jim Bell, etc.] <<
Kirklands about FOI isnt it? Publics right to basic knowledge of public Bell,was tracked with GPS,shouldn't he have been given an intervention order? Was that entrapment?
""How can we translate the freedom afforded by the Internet to ordinary life?" How can we keep government from banning encryption, digital cash, and other systems that will improve our freedom?" Suddenly, Bell had a revolutionary idea. ("Revolutionary" is the word he uses, and it fits.) You and me--the little guys, the ordinary working people of the world--could get together, all pitch in, and pay to have every rotten scoundrel in politics assassinated. And we could do it legally. Sort of. Bell imagined an organization that would award "a cash prize to somebody who correctly 'predicted' the death of one of a list of violators of rights, usually either government employees, officeholders, or appointees. It could ask for anonymous contributions from the public, and individuals would be able to send those contributions using digital cash." He explains that "using modern methods of public-key encryption and anonymous digital cash, it would be possible to make such awards in such a way so that nobody knows who is getting awarded the money, only that the award is being given. Even the organization itself would have no information that could help the authorities find the person responsible for the prediction, let alone the one who caused the death." Kill the president,pr.

@_date: 2002-02-13 22:37:04
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Fwd: RSA Security SEC FILINGS ALERT 
: cypherpunks Subject: Fwd: RSA Security SEC FILINGS ALERT
A Form SC13G/A regarding RSA Security has been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
Click on the following hyperlink to view this filing:
Please Note: The hyperlink for the filing may not retrieve the filing if
the address extends to more than one line. If this should occur, please
copy the full text of the address for the filing into the address box in
your web browser.
: cypherpunks Subject: Fwd: RSA
Security SEC FILINGS ALERT
A Form SC13G/A regarding RSA Security has been filed
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Click on the following hyperlink to view this filing: Please Note: The hyperlink for the filing may not retrieve
the filing if the address extends to more than one line. If this should occur, please
copy the full text of the address for the filing into the address box in
your web browser.

@_date: 2002-02-13 21:42:56
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RE: Announce: San Francisco Cypherpunks, Sat 2/16/02, 6pm 
>>member interests. Next year, RSA will be back at the Moscone center in SF. <<
Could I shoot you and still use the twinkie defense?(just kidding)
 >>3. Due to conflicts, I'm not out on the West Coast till Monday afternoon, so I can't host or attend the meeting personally. I'm really annoyed about that :-(. ----------------- <<
:) Conflicts at the office? How's the SEC investigation over those two matters going?
 >>As to the RSA conference web site, I've raised a stink about certain facets of it, and there will be a Flash-free site next year. Peter Trei <<
Youve raised a stink on this list by your careless exposure of a member to police harassment,please explain.
Also tell us all how the companies doing in China.Enquiring minds want to know.

@_date: 2002-02-13 11:26:05
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Scott Teter need killing. 
The Rainbow farm massacre;for evil to triumph...
Another outrage is perpetrated by the Feds in collaboration with local law enforcement: Two men are gunned down in cold blood. This tragedy is distinguishable from Waco only by the conspicuous lack of media coverage and the dearth of federally-murdered children. Read this article, and you will be shocked, horrified, and enraged. Tell us if you agree with the contention that Scott Teter, Prosecuting Attorney for Cass County, Michigan, is guilty of a crime that deserves the death penalty. Conveniently, he himself conducted the official investigation of the killings, and predictably concluded they were "justifiable homicides". He is evil personified, and represents all that is wrong with the perverted remnants of our once-respectable justice system.Kill the president,pr.
 
The Rainbow farm massacre;for evil to triumph...
Another outrage is perpetrated by the Feds in collaboration with local
law enforcement: Two men are gunned down in
cold blood. This tragedy is distinguishable from Waco only
by the conspicuous lack of media coverage and the dearth of
federally-murdered children. Read this article, and you will be
shocked, horrified, and enraged. Tell us if you agree with the contention
that Scott Teter, Prosecuting Attorney for Cass County, Michigan, is
guilty of a crime that deserves the death penalty. Conveniently, he
himself conducted the official investigation of the killings, and
predictably concluded they were “justifiable homicides”. He is evil
personified, and represents all that is wrong with the perverted remnants
of our once-respectable justice system.Kill the president,pr.

@_date: 2002-02-13 11:12:31
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Peter "low fucking dog" Trei can post RSA corporate shite here. 
These poor fucks cant,they live in foul police state propped up by corrupt corporate carrion like,"great firewall of China"
Nortel and "we love Lao gai,"RSA.
Locked up for internet "crimes"
The following are some of the individuals known to have been detained or sentenced to prison as a result of posting material on the Internet.
"We are like people born in a cage and unable to visualize any world beyond our familiar bars of prejudice and superstition. That Opinion the Few create in order to control the Many has seen to it that we are kept in permanent ignorance of our actual estate. Even so, a number of prisoners are testing the bars" -Gore Vidal
These poor fucks cant,they live in foul police state propped up by
corrupt corporate carrion like,"great firewall of China"
Nortel and "we love Lao gai,"RSA.
Locked up for internet "crimes"
The following are some of the individuals known to have been
detained or sentenced to prison as a result of posting material on the
Internet. "We are like people born in a cage and unable to visualize any world
beyond our familiar bars of prejudice and superstition. That Opinion the
Few create in order to control the Many has seen to it that we are kept
in permanent ignorance of our actual estate. Even so, a number of
prisoners are testing the bars" -Gore Vidal

@_date: 2002-02-13 10:31:36
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: TEXAS PRISON SCANDELS,SILENCE IS TAKEN FOR ASSENT. 
A Texas death row prisoner talks about the inhumane conditions of the state's "living tombs."
A Texas prisoner files suit against the state for racial discrimination.
U.S. political prisoner Alvaro Luna Hernandez (recognized by the Jericho Movement and other progressive organizations for his history of community organizing), a former prisoner held in Beto, filed the suit after witnessing conditions on Beto's X-Wing (solitary confinement/pretrial hearing detention area) for five months in 2001
The ongoing shameful story is how a few volunteer serial killers for this state can live free of the fear of APster pools.
The shrub signed nearly 200 death warrents,KILL the MOTHERFUCKING SONS of BITCHS! (my 2$)
A Texas death row prisoner talks about the inhumane
conditions of the state's "living tombs." A Texas prisoner files suit against the state for racial
U.S. political prisoner Alvaro Luna Hernandez (recognized by the Jericho
Movement and other progressive organizations for his history of community
organizing), a former prisoner held in Beto, filed the suit after
witnessing conditions on Beto’s X-Wing (solitary confinement/pretrial
hearing detention area) for five months in 2001
The ongoing shameful story is how a few volunteer serial killers for this
state can live free of the fear of APster pools.
The shrub signed nearly 200 death warrents,KILL the MOTHERFUCKING SONS of
BITCHS! (my 2$)

@_date: 2002-02-13 10:17:46
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Fwd: The Register - DEA Data Thief Jumps Bail after 
>>It's nice to know that sensitive information like driver's license records is in the hands of our trustworthy Federal and State government officials, and that the current attempts to nationalize our drivers' license data even further won't be any risk to our civil rights or privacy, with public servants like this guy on out payroll. <<
You know what they say about power corrupts...you want he should be wacked?"Id buy that for a dollar."
Great haul of carrion today! CDR: The Federal Govt invites you to the Mephisto waltz.,
CDR: Microsofts hacker crackdown.,
Nortel CFO resigns,stock dives."Human rights activists have launched an attack on Nortel Networks, accusing it of contributing to human rights violations in China by helping the country overhaul its ageing surveillance The "Great Firewall of China", which controls content entering the country, is failing, largely due to the increased volume of Internet traffic in China, so the Chinese are looking to build a more sophisticated system involving content filtration, and the monitoring of individual users."FROM
   RSA your death day is license records is in the hands of our trustworthy Federal and State
government officials, and that the current attempts to nationalize our
drivers' license data even further won't be any risk to our civil rights
or privacy, with public servants like this guy on out payroll.
You know what they say about power corrupts...you want he should be
wacked?"Id buy that for a dollar."
Great haul of carrion today! CDR: The Federal
Govt invites you to the Mephisto waltz.,
CDR: Microsofts hacker
crackdown., Nortel CFO resigns,stock dives."Human rights activists have
launched an attack on Nortel Networks, accusing it of contributing to
human rights violations in China by helping the country overhaul its
ageing surveillance technologies.
The "Great Firewall of China", which controls content entering
the country, is failing, largely due to the increased volume of Internet
traffic in China, so the Chinese are looking to build a more
sophisticated system involving content filtration, and the monitoring of
individual users."FROM
   RSA your
death day is coming.

@_date: 2002-02-13 09:21:19
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: TERRORISM AGAINST BLACKS IN AMERIKKKA 
> - being shipped from Afrika to Amerikkka in slave ships; > - surviving over 400 yeras of genocidal oppression on Amerikkkan shores; > - human suffering caused by both terrorism and racial hatred; > - amputations, beatings, rapes, lynchings, and chattel slavery; <<
Um,actually I reposted that,I'm flattered if you thought it was me.
 >>Get your history straight....Heugonauts v Catholics <<
Oh,like jason and the Heugonauts? I prefer Hirstory,the human race is not all male.
 >>The blacks ain't got anything exceptional to bitch about. <<
They do here.(I live in au) As I said I was simply reposting an Hirstorical perspective thats perhaps underreported?
 >>After all, most blacks were sold to the white man by other blacks.<<
As an anarchist I would say that's a no no,presumably you as a good democrat would bow to the will of the majority?
  >>There are ONLY human rights. Any other distinction is a spin doctor bullshit attempt at abusing your civil liberties.<<
Democracies suspend human AND civil rights occasionally,your a democracy There's a funny situation now in au where it looks like all the regional Govts will be labor(dem) and the National is Liberal(republican) Collapse of Govts possible!

@_date: 2002-02-13 05:53:13
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Ecoterrorism,Cali bushfires jihad? 
Global warming and a cigarette lighter make for a corralitos campfire.

@_date: 2002-02-13 05:32:06
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: green activist calls self 'terrorist' :Black and 
>>I believed then - and yes, it was arrogant - that the fires and threats > would make a difference," he said. "There is no environmental or > religious excuse for terrorism of any kind."
Really? What happens when that environmental or religious activity is itself terrorism? What a hypocrite. He should read the first two para's of the DoI... <<
He may have been tortured in the infamous Amerikkklan Gulag,One of the largest in the world.I would be terrorized by some of the sentences dished out by the rogue terror state.Hypocrite is an absurd word to use here but then it gets weirder..."He should read the first two para's of the DoI... "
WTF has parchment worship got to do with it????
Are they the ones the SLAVETRADER  and CHILDRAPIST Jefferson lifted from Masons Virginia parchment?
At least Mason had the decency not to sign such GROSS HYPOCRISY as the Why is this parchment worship dragged in here again and again.Garlic and

@_date: 2002-02-13 05:04:27
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Candygram for mongo. 
The fucking machines are taking over!
1894 -- France: A week after the execution of Auguste Valliant,
Paris anarchist Emile Henry throws bomb into the bourgeois
Cafe Terminus, killing one & injuring 17.
Arrested & executed May 21.
See Anarchist Encyclopedia pages,
Sex and death and rock and roll.
The fucking machines are taking over!
1894 -- France: A week after the execution of Auguste Valliant, Paris anarchist Emile Henry throws bomb into the bourgeois Cafe Terminus, killing one & injuring 17. Arrested & executed May 21. See Anarchist Encyclopedia pages, Sex and death and rock and roll.

@_date: 2002-02-13 04:40:53
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The Axis fund. 
Defense analysts say that most of this has nothing to do with streamlining the military for the light, super-mobile special ops needed to fight terrorists. But who cares? There's money to be made. Predictably, the Big Five are all doing well on Wall Street (except, oddly, Boeing, the only loser in the fund, down 5.9 percent since 9-11).
But the real highfliers in the Axis of Evil are the security and biometrics companies that will help homeland defenders track your every move and keep out the jihadis. Viisage Technology, which makes digital ID systems, is up 317 percent; Visionics, which helps law enforcement manage fingerprint and voice and face recognition databases, is up 182 percent; Invision Technologies, which makes explosives-detection systems (useful at luggage check-ins), is up a rip-roaring 1,299 percent.
Then there are bioterror detection experts like Cepheid and bullet manufacturers like Alliant Techsystems, both looking very healthy. Point is: Run down the line of companies that cater to a climate of impending doom, you'll find rising returns in every one.
I called up Amy Domini, who manages Domini Social Equity for investors with a "conscience," to brag about how well the Axis of Evil is doing. Social funds like Domini make a point of shutting out tobacco, alcohol, gambling, big oil, defense, small arms, and agribusiness stocks -- wherever profit seems to come before people, the social funds say no. As for the Axis: "Well," says Domini with a sigh, "I've never come across such a fund. If it did exist, the manager would have to be the most cynical human being ever born. But this is definitely his time -- the heyday for such a thing. There's a man in the White House who appears to be absolutely obsessed with But if there's a war on, isn't it in fact far from cynical to invest in the big-budget defenders of the nation? I mean, get with the program, Domini! Come in for the Big Push. Come to think of it, it's the socially "responsible" funds that are un-American: They won't invest in oil or pistols or even Jack Daniels. Probably dangerous; definitely to be monitored. More importantly, look at their lousy returns. Since 9-11, Domini Social rose just .84 percent, beating out the Dow, sure, by a hundredth of a percentage point -- squat compared to the Axis' 185 percent. Other socials climbed in the 1 to 2 percent range. The Pax World Balanced Fund was down 1.1 percent. Pax just doesn't pay.
  praise Bush and pass the ammunition. Our fund is looking even better than when Turchansky ran the numbers back in October: The Axis of Evil returned 185 percent for the period from Sept. 10 to the close on Feb. 5. For the same period, the S&P 500 climbed a piddling .32 percent, the Dow Jones Industrial a mere .83 percent.
Center stage in the fund, of course, are the Big Five defense contractors. Boeing is set to make billions on deals for its lethally dysfunctional V-22 Osprey helicopter-turboprop and its generously over-budget F-22 Raptor fighter jet. Raytheon makes the $750,000 Tomahawk missile, a favorite weapon of the military and used by the scores in Sudan, Iraq and now Afghanistan (the Navy, apparently, is running out of them). Lockheed Martin just sealed a $200 billion development contract for something called the Joint Strike Fighter. Northrop Grumman describes itself as "well-positioned in missile defense," meaning that it stands to win on the $9.2 billion Bush hopes to spend on the newly formed Missile Defense Agency (funding is expected to rise to over $11 billion annually by 2007). And shipbuilder General Dynamics is looking at some $7 billion in contracts for destroyers and attack submarines and aircraft carriers and lots of other costly toys.

@_date: 2002-02-13 04:21:35
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The encrypted jihad (fwd), 
Salons "schwarzchild radius" seems to keep moving further out.I wonder if they'll ever get to one word teasers?
"Sodomy" Amy Reiter," "Gibberish" Charles taylor,etc...
Also "assassination politics" translated into Arabic and distributed like the Quoran?
"Surrounded by Moslem maniacs on one side and Christian maniacs on the other, the wise Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."Anarchy Al Ackbar!

@_date: 2002-02-13 03:53:58
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Aimee's C+U Punishment of written english and logic 
Dear Aimee,you seem unusually verbose,would you like me to send you some of my zanax?
"Historically, it has been essentially impossible to adequately motivate an assassin, ensuring his safety and anonymity as well, if only because it has been impossible to PAY him in a form that nobody can trace, and to ensure the silence of all potential witnesses. Even if a person was willing to die in the act, he would want to know that the people he chooses would get the reward, but if they themselves were identified they'd be targets of revenge. All that's changed with the advent of public-key encryption and digital cash. Now, it should be possible to announce a standing offer to all comers that a large sum of digital cash will be sent to him in an untraceable fashion should he meet certain "conditions," conditions which don't even have to include proving (or, for that matter, even claiming) that he was somehow responsible for a death."Saint Jim of Lompoc.

@_date: 2002-02-13 03:38:59
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The Federal Govt invites you to the Mephisto waltz. 
A boom in security and spying software is underway,be aware of the pitfalls...not APster alone.
Trust us,we're from the Government.
When action grows unprofitable, gather information;
when information grows unprofitable, sleep.
— Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness

@_date: 2002-02-13 03:29:03
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Microsofts hacker crackdown. 
APster's still has high hopes for .NET dead pools in spite of this backward looking appointment.Mitnick's busy?
Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system, through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times. When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs. Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold
Theres some IE security updates out,look around the REG or risk becoming

@_date: 2002-02-13 02:55:14
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Kraut Spy Scandal.Democracies or Spookocracies? 
A German Government campaign to ban a neo-Nazi party is in disarray after it was disclosed that five senior members of the National Democratic Party of Germany have been government informers for decades.
The revelation suggests a cosy relationship between senior party members and intelligence officials and that the party was led by government agents.
AND Swiss idiots try to ban the internet news
"The entire Eastern Bloc fell, almost bloodlessly, in a couple weeks, because one by one everybody realized that all that's sometimes required is to finally stand up and be counted, and to just say no to the government. When the time was right, all it took was a slight push."

@_date: 2002-02-13 02:33:46
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: DSD broke the law in aussie Spy OUTRAGE!l 
Defence Minister Robert Hill confirmed last night that Australia's satellite spy agency, the Defence Signals Directorate, monitored communications with the Tampa during last year's asylum-seeker stand-off.
DSD is part of Echelon.
"It is believed the breach involved laws relating to spying on Australian "Intelligence expert Professor Des Ball, from the Australian National University Strategic and Defence Studies Centre, called for a judicial inquiry. He said the issues involved were momentous and a threat to the privacy of Australians"
Use of the eavesdropped info and jamming of a call or calls at a critical time possibly swung a very close election.
For details of a previous election interfered with by "intelligence" agencies see

@_date: 2002-02-13 02:25:26
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: college profs are spies when embassy is full 
1963 -- US: CIA Domestic Operations Division created.
"A few years back, a man high up in the CIA name Ray Cline
was asked if the CIA, by its survellance of protest organizations
in the United States, was violating the free speech provision of
the First Amendment. He Smiled & said:
'It's only an amendment.'"
 From the URL...
 >>The key to defeating terrorists, he writes in the book, is to "go out and start talking to people" who can see and hear what the CIA cannot.
The CIA needs to let its spies "perform their jobs, no matter how murky the swamp is," he wrote.<
Welcome back Aimee the swamp thing.Stay close.
 >all CIA officers are required to sign a statement saying they will abide by a ban on assassinations contained in a presidential executive order.<
Before paying some goons in smack and/or weapons to do their dirty work.The last 4 presidents have all tried to assassinate people too,they didn't put that in.Do as we say not as we do?"The highest ambition of the integrated spectacle is
still to turn secret agents into revolutionaries, &
revolutionaries into secret agents."
— GUY DEBORD, 1988
ALSO SEEN AT...
Chilling quotes from State terrorists in China.DUMP RSA STOCK!

@_date: 2002-02-13 01:36:11
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Will the Govt encrypt the 2.5 mill reward for agent 
>>I've never received a paycheck from the government in my life, you stupid son
of a bitch. If someone far more intelligent and enterprising than you took it
into his head to publish my 1040s for the past 10 years right here, I'd have
absolutely nothing to fear on that account. <<
You pay taxes,you support the Govt you deserve death,don't you listen to the Sheik.If you live in the West you should have a little fear.
 >>I've said it before: I'm not an anarchist,<<
You made that crystal.Do you have an opinion on the subject line?
  >>I'm a pragmatic-realist libertarian.<<
In the yank context thats CALC right?
 >>I defy any of you to cite one single solitary thing I've posted that otherwise. I scored 100% liberatrian <<
Professor rat notes you may be salvageable.
 >>on both axes of the Nolan Chart, just like
a lot of people here--and in fact went out of my way to attend the 2000
convention in Anaheim.<<
Did you miss the straw poll we had here recently? Libertarians are on the nose.Salvageable but suss.
  >>Unlike a lot of people here, I also choose to put my
money where my mouth is in terms of the choices I make about my field of work
and living arrangements (see the archives.) As I've said, all the shitey
whinging <<
Whinging shite is proffered useage U slag.
 >>n the world about losing your freedom won't change a thing unless you
put down the snacky cakes, get off the fucking couch and make something happen. <<
2 post's from me and thousands of dollars is wasted trying to repress me.Its bloody ergonomic activism,Twit.
 >>You folks do it your way, I'll do it mine.
Some people around here need to get a better sense of perspective. <<
Getting paranoid are "we"?
 >>And as far as I can see it, my only "great sins"<<
Great sins? WTF is this the fucking vatican?
  >>have been:
1) not buying into the conventional wisdom that working for the government
means you are by definition a retarded donut-chomping incompetent<<
  If they aren't when they start...
  >>(unless you
happen to be a fellow cypherpunk selling your services and crypto to the USG,
which is peachy); <<
Not to me.I've been attacking Peter Trei.All Govt's are the kiss of death.
 >>respecting intelligence and cunning wherever it's to be found;<<
Except on this list? I can give you cunning honey,just spread your legs and say Ah!
 >>2) Having independent judgement; <<
To much brownnosing of some grey geniui at the NSA but no substance,sorry,no cigar.
 >>demonstrating a failure to know my place in
the pecking order;<<
Thats no biggie.
  >>not being throughly familiar with all the clique literature<<
Some comics and you can wing it.(with google)
 >>before I came here (reading Applied Cryptography and every single work of Ayn
Rand, Stirner and Nietzsche cover-to-cover beforehand somehow doesn't count);
Stirner's all right but if you read him cover to cover I think your wasting your time.Lets start a union of egoists.
 >>eschewing the mandatory ass-kissing of the Resident Alpha Baboon and As a union special project we could APster all alpha males we don't like.2$ on May.If you read Scneir then do you have an opinion on the subject line?(...encrypt the 2.5 mill reward for agent anthrax?)
 >>3) Being a woman; not being old. (In which case it would be permissible to give
up, retire, watch endless hours of TV, converse with Usenet imbeciles on the
most banal bullshit imaginable and hit the snackycakes like there's no
Ageist old darling,careful.Check out MJ.At the age of 83, Mother Jones was convicted by a military
court of conspiring to commit murder & was sentenced to 20
years in prison. The event created such a furor that the U.S.
Senate form a committee to look into conditions in the West
Virginia coalfields.
 >>I have three words for you: Fuck. That. Shit. <<
Id luv to fuck you in the ass.Have you seen Tampa tushy fest 1?
 >>Love me or hate me, I've made this forum a more interesting place for my  >>While I'm at it, I must say that if or when anarchy comes to the West, it will
be infinitely just that parasitical lunatics who've sponged welfare and public
housing for the past thirty years will starve and die in the streets. <<
I was rockclimbing and then treeclimbing a lot,working the black seam,I could surprise you but you might be right,I'm bored with life.
 >>The fact
that so many intelligent people are forced to waste even five minutes of their
time on people like mattd is a capital crime. <<
The most intelligent people make the most spectacular mistakes,that's  >>100% Darwinian justice.<<
I had a vasectomy 20 years ago,stop worrying.
 >>But I suppose that since lunatics cant help themselves about what they say or
do, <<
Hail to the chimp!
 >>Aristotle was right in saying there's no more reason to be angry at them
than you would be an animal. Given that, matt, do feel free to issue empty
death threats <<
Tell that to the Ohio and Victorian Police.Why did you tell Aimee that I was APstering you?
 >>and make up whatever vile shit you please about me till you're
blue in the face. Nobody's going to be hurt by it besides you in the long run.
I just felt like setting things straight for the people here who are
genuinely worth talking to. What a shame you and your kind have driven so many
of them away.<<
Has the list no's declined? Since when? I tried to talk to you in a genuine way and you were more interested in the "alpha Baboon". Its a shame,really that your not in Govt,You could be our secret weapon.
 >>One more thing: the sooner you dig your own grave the better.
Keep up the good work. Knock yourself out.
America's sweetheart.More coherent than Aimee...but not much.Both shit for brains twits.
you stupid son
of a bitch. If someone far more intelligent and enterprising than you
took it
into his head to publish my 1040s for the past 10 years right here, I'd
absolutely nothing to fear on that account. <<
You pay taxes,you support the Govt you deserve death,don't you listen to
the Sheik.If you live in the West you should have a little fear.
You made that crystal.Do you have an opinion on the subject line?
 >>I'm a pragmatic-realist libertarian.<<
In the yank context thats CALC right?
that indicates
otherwise. I scored 100% liberatrian <<
Professor rat notes you may be salvageable.
a lot of people here--and in fact went out of my way to attend the
convention in Anaheim.<<
Did you miss the straw poll we had here recently? Libertarians are on the
nose.Salvageable but suss.
 >>Unlike a lot of people here, I also choose to put my
money where my mouth is in terms of the choices I make about my field of
and living arrangements (see the archives.) As I've said, all the
whinging <<
Whinging shite is proffered useage U slag.
put down the snacky cakes, get off the fucking couch and make something
happen. <<
2 post's from me and thousands of dollars is wasted trying to repress
me.Its bloody ergonomic activism,Twit.
Some people around here need to get a better sense of perspective.
Getting paranoid are "we"?
Great sins? WTF is this the fucking vatican?  >>have been:
1) not buying into the conventional wisdom that working for the
means you are by definition a retarded donut-chomping
 If they aren't when they start...
 >>(unless you
happen to be a fellow cypherpunk selling your services and crypto to the
which is peachy); <<
Not to me.I've been attacking Peter Trei.All Govt's are the kiss of
Except on this list? I can give you cunning honey,just spread your legs
and say Ah!
To much brownnosing of some grey geniui at the NSA but no
substance,sorry,no cigar.
the pecking order;<<
Thats no biggie.
 >>not being throughly familiar with all the clique
Some comics and you can wing it.(with google)
work of Ayn
Rand, Stirner and Nietzsche cover-to-cover beforehand somehow doesn't
Stirner's all right but if you read him cover to cover I think your
wasting your time.Lets start a union of egoists.
and attendants;<<
As a union special project we could APster all alpha males we don't
like.2$ on May.If you read Scneir then do you have an opinion on the
subject line?(...encrypt the 2.5 mill reward for agent anthrax?)
permissible to give
up, retire, watch endless hours of TV, converse with Usenet imbeciles on
most banal bullshit imaginable and hit the snackycakes like there's no
Ageist old darling,careful.Check out MJ.At the age of 83, Mother Jones
was convicted by a military court of conspiring to commit murder & was sentenced to 20 years in prison. The event created such a furor that the U.S. Senate form a committee to look into conditions in the West Virginia coalfields.
  Id luv to fuck you in the ass.Have you seen Tampa tushy fest 1?
<shite out>
be infinitely just that parasitical lunatics who've sponged welfare and public
housing for the past thirty years will starve and die in the streets. <<
I was rockclimbing and then treeclimbing a lot,working the black seam,I could surprise you but you might be right,I'm bored with life.
that so many intelligent people are forced to waste even five minutes of their
time on people like mattd is a capital crime. <<
The most intelligent people make the most spectacular mistakes,that's entertainment.
I had a vasectomy 20 years ago,stop worrying.
do, <<
Hail to the chimp!
than you would be an animal. Given that, matt, do feel free to issue empty
death threats <<
Tell that to the Ohio and Victorian Police.Why did you tell Aimee that I was APstering you?
blue in the face. Nobody's going to be hurt by it besides you in the long run. I just felt like setting things straight for the people here who are
genuinely worth talking to. What a shame you and your kind have driven so many
of them away.<<
Has the list no's declined? Since when? I tried to talk to you in a genuine way and you were more interested in the "alpha Baboon". Its a shame,really that your not in Govt,You could be our secret weapon.  Keep up the good work. Knock yourself out.
America's sweetheart.More coherent than Aimee...but not much.Both shit for brains twits.

@_date: 2002-02-12 14:56:40
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The great plane robbery 
A fish called Vulture tells me we are in business in Britain.Big Time!
The Royal fag ends,the Tory criminals,the original yellow press,the fascist english gestapo and all the nazi wannabee's
that pop up will all be APstered like foot and mouth infested livestock.A brand new Blair ditch project.Last one ins a rotten egg Tony! They will all be given a chance to piss off in good order before some Zimbabwe style land ANARCHY for the UK!
Ever reviled, accursed, ne'er understood,
Thou art the grisly terror of our age.
"Wreck of all order," cry the multitude,
"Art thou, & war & murder's endless rage."
0, let them cry. To them that ne'er have striven
The 'truth that lies behind a word to find,
To them the word's right meaning was not given.
They shall continue blind among the blind.
But thou, O word, so clear, so strong, so true,
Thou sayest all which I for goal have taken.
I give thee to the future! Thine secure
When each at least unto himself shall waken.
Comes it in sunshine? In the tempest's thrill?
I cannot tell - but it the earth shall see!
I am an Anarchist! Wherefore I will
Not rule, & also ruled I will not be!
— John Henry Mackay

@_date: 2002-02-12 14:40:16
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: TiVo-APster your Reps ASAP. 
Hollywood's Latest Attack on Customers
Los Angeles Times: Studios Assail ReplayTV Technology. "If a ReplayTV customer can simply type 'The X-Files' or 'James Bond' and have every episode of 'The X-Files' and every James Bond film recorded in perfect digital form and organized, compiled and stored on the hard drive of his or her ReplayTV 4000 device, it will cause substantial harm to the market for prerecorded DVD, videocassette and other copies of those episodes and films," the lawsuit states.
If Hollywood and the big television networks had controlled Congress 25 years ago the way they do today, you wouldn't have a fast-forward button on your video-cassette recorder. You wouldn't be allowed to tape a program to watch later. You would be allowed to view TV only the way they chose. Period.
Now the entertainment moguls are launching a barrage of lawsuits against ReplayTV and TiVo and the other personal-video recorder makers that use hard disks to digitally record programming for later playback. The message is clear. If you care about any of this, you really should contact your Congressperson and both U.S. senators from your state. Time is slipping away. Fast.
Hollywood's Latest Attack on Customers
Los Angeles Times: Studios Assail
ReplayTV Technology. "If a ReplayTV customer can
simply type 'The X-Files' or 'James Bond' and have every episode of 'The
X-Files' and every James Bond film recorded in perfect digital form and
organized, compiled and stored on the hard drive of his or her ReplayTV
4000 device, it will cause substantial harm to the market for prerecorded
DVD, videocassette and other copies of those episodes and films,"
the lawsuit states. If Hollywood and the big television networks had controlled Congress 25
years ago the way they do today, you wouldn't have a fast-forward button
on your video-cassette recorder. You wouldn't be allowed to tape a
program to watch later. You would be allowed to view TV only the way they
chose. Period. Now the entertainment moguls are launching a barrage of lawsuits against
ReplayTV and
TiVo and the other personal-video
recorder makers that use hard disks to digitally record programming for
later playback. The message is clear. If you care about any of this, you
really should contact your
Congressperson and
both U.S. senators from your state.
Time is slipping away. Fast.

@_date: 2002-02-12 13:33:21
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Pearls in the snow. 
APPEAL
WSJ reporter Daniel Pearl was kidnapped on January 23. He still hasn't been found. If you have any information, mail psteiger or voice your concern at Free Daniel Pearl club.
US forces see action with 60 yo...Abdul Rauf, 60, the police chief in Oruzgan, said he was beaten, kicked until his ribs cracked and punched by American soldiers when they stormed the district headquarters on the night of January 23-24 and took him and his men prisoner.
An American officer apologised to him when he was released, he said, asking forgiveness and saying their capture had been a mistake.
"I can never forgive them," Rauf told the The New York Times as he lay on cushions at his home, still clearly suffering from his ordeal. "Why did they bomb us? Why did they do this?"
 APPEAL WSJ reporter Daniel Pearl was kidnapped on January 23. He still hasn't
been found. If you have any information, mail psteiger or voice
your concern at Free Daniel Pearl club.
US forces see action with 60 yo...Abdul Rauf, 60, the police chief in
Oruzgan, said he was beaten, kicked until his ribs cracked and punched by
American soldiers when they stormed the district headquarters on the
night of January 23-24 and took him and his men prisoner.
An American officer apologised to him when he was released, he said,
asking forgiveness and saying their capture had been a mistake. "I can never forgive them," Rauf told the The New York
Times as he lay on cushions at his home, still clearly suffering from
his ordeal. "Why did they bomb us? Why did they do this?"

@_date: 2002-02-12 13:01:50
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RSA: SEC investigating accounting* and "certain trading in the 
I'm hoping that Microsoft's the next Enron but Ill settle for RSA. Their accountants had to be dragged kicking and screaming to sign a new industry agreement.They were the last of the big 6 to sign and their CEO was on the report bitching about all the scrutiny of their incestuous,slimy selves.
Deloitte & Touche,when Andersons otherwise engaged.
RSA may soon be investigated by the UN's human rights commission after the shady deals with the Chinese police state become public.The sort of company that hires sooty mould like peter Trei is capable of anything.
"Still in this country today there are laws that outlaw oral sex and anal sex between husband and wife."
I'm hoping that Microsoft's the next Enron but Ill settle for RSA. Their
accountants had to be dragged kicking and screaming to sign a new
industry agreement.They were the last of the big 6 to sign and their CEO
was on the Leherer
report bitching about all the scrutiny of their incestuous,slimy
selves. Deloitte & Touche,when Andersons
otherwise engaged.
RSA may soon be investigated by the UN's human rights commission after
the shady deals with the Chinese police state become public.The sort of
company that hires sooty mould like peter Trei is capable of
"Still in this country today there
are laws that outlaw oral sex and anal sex between husband and

@_date: 2002-02-12 12:44:58
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: My god has a bigger dick than Ashcroft's god 
>>Somebody needs a lesson in religion and history. Ashcroft should start with the Childrens Crusade... <<
And a (pretzel eating) child shall lead them. Ashcroft needs assassinating,a crash course in the "right to life."
"Imagine for a moment that as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust, or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. A person whose actions are so abusive or improper that the citizenry shouldn't have to tolerate it. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount: The amount they, themselves, would be willing to pay to anyone who "predicts" that officeholder's death. That donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a central registry organization, and be totaled, with the total amount available within seconds to any interested individual. If only 0.1% of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head." Jim Bell.The real deal.

@_date: 2002-02-12 12:05:32
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Wilful Disobedience. 
________________________________________________ NEW! Willful Disobedience Vol. 2, No. 12:  A FEW WORDS: Developing Relationships of Affinity FROM PROLETARIAN TO INDIVIDUAL: Toward an Anarchist Understanding of Class AGAINST THE LOGIC OF SUBMISSION: The Subversion of Existence AN OPEN LETTER TO THOSE INVOLVED IN THE BLACK BLOC ANTI-MILITARISM AND SOCIAL INSURRECTION REBELLION IN ARGENTINA OF HOLY AND DEMOCRATIC INQUISITIONS WHAT IS SEEN THROUGH A KEYHOLE CHILDREN'S THOUGHTS by Massimo Passamani ITALIAN ANARCHIST KILLED IN PRISON SEPTEMBER 11: What the Masters Want to Teach Us Shorts My Perspectives  Comments on KKA, Hot Tide, Willful Disobedience, or anarchy in general can be left at this ezboards site:

@_date: 2002-02-12 11:47:37
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: KaZaA 1.5 installing APster client,also Freenet,Wildnet,Airnet 
New KaZaA downloads upgrade
Kate Mackenzie
FEBRUARY 12, 2002
THE Australian company that bought popular file-sharing software KaZaA has launched the first new version of the program since it made the purchase.
Sharman Networks made the announcement via a Californian company today.
It said KaZaA 1.5 allowed users to recommend media files to other users, had a faster search function and loaded quicker than earlier versions.
Sharman Networks bought KaZaA from Dutch company Consumer Empowerment DV, which developed the FastTrack technology used in other file sharing programs Morpheus and Grokster. Consumer Empowerment and two US companies, which own Morpheus and Grokster, became the subject of a legal claim by the Recording Industry Association of America and the Motion Picture Association last October.
Although little information about Sharman Networks has been made available, its chief executive Nikki Hemming also headed the failed Sega World theme park in Sydney's Darling Harbour.
"The demand for the KaZaA Media Desktop continues to exceed our expectations with close to 1.5 million downloads a week," Ms Hemming said in the statement.

@_date: 2002-02-12 11:32:54
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Hail to the Chimp! 
Mr Bush has never seen the country's favourite comedy Sex and the City, and rates Cats as modern theatre at its finest.
Although Mr Bush wasn't familiar with DiCaprio's role in Titanic, the world's highest-grossing film, he knew the Austin Powers movies inside out.
Mr Bush often lifted his pinkie to the corner of his mouth to mimic the Dr Evil character in the Powers flicks, according to the author.
The son of the 41st US President admitted to reporters that martial arts expert Chuck Norris was his favourite film actor.
"When your in Texas look behind you...cos thats where the monkee's gonna be."
Have Mercy,Kill the VICE president.
Mr Bush has never seen the country's favourite comedy Sex and the
City, and rates Cats as modern theatre at its finest. Although Mr Bush wasn't familiar with DiCaprio's role in Titanic,
the world's highest-grossing film, he knew the Austin Powers movies
inside out. Mr Bush often lifted his pinkie to the corner of his mouth to mimic the
Dr Evil character in the Powers flicks, according to the author. The son of the 41st US President admitted to reporters that martial arts
expert Chuck Norris was his favourite film actor. "When your in Texas look behind you...cos thats where the monkee's
gonna be."
Have Mercy,Kill the VICE president.

@_date: 2002-02-12 11:18:56
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: ATTN peter Trei,RSA scumbag.DUMP RSA! 
Chinese torture allegations
 From The Times
February 12, 2002
A SENIOR official in China's National Security Ministry has smuggled documents to the West that disclose orders to police chiefs to torture women members of Christian churches as part of a crackdown on religious groups.
Jubilee Campaign, a British human rights group, has obtained evidence of the women being abused with electric cattle prods, sexually assaulted and beaten into falsely confessing they were raped by their religious pastors.
Death sentences have been passed on several leading Christians in recent months, including a woman who is a member of the South China Church tried in secret in December.
The official who leaked the documents is in hiding, fearing for his life. The dossier has been passed to the White House before US President George W. Bush's visit to China this month.
Mr Bush has asked to be briefed about the treatment of Christian groups, and human rights groups hope this evidence will persuade him to take tougher action against Beijing. The testimony of these victims, smuggled out of prison at the end of last year, will embarrass Chinese officials who claim they have stopped such brutal tactics after being included in the World Trade Organisation and securing the Olympic Games for Beijing.
One woman prisoner, Yang Tongi, signed her testimony with a bloody fingerprint. She says she was seized from a bus and forced to kneel for hours in a prison cell before her interrogation began. She was handcuffed and her captors boasted as they beat her: "We can kill you without causing any problems."
She described watching a friend so badly beaten that her fingers were bent out of position and she could not straighten her legs.
Zhang Hongjuan, 20, said guards at the Zhong Xiang detention centre shackled her hand and foot and tortured her with an electric prod. "They forcefully unbuttoned my shirt and touched every spot on my chest with the electric club. I yelled at the top of my voice but they moved the club into my mouth to stop me from crying."
Others were forced to endure medical examinations as police sought proof they had had sex with their pastor. Tongjin Li said in the same jail she was threatened with sexual assault and a guard jeered: "This is not considered as raping but just coping with people like you."
The woman, who is scarred for life, said the attack on her continued for more than 15 hours and stopped only when she revealed a telephone number of a fellow Christian.
The Jubilee Campaign has shown The Times some of the original leaked documents from the Ministry of Public Security. They order a ban on a variety of "cults" which they consider a "crawling danger to domestic security and defence". They identify "cults" as any group which has refused to register with the Government and include Catholic and Protestant missions.
The documents include a speech by Sun Jianxian, a leading security official, telling his officers to intensify the crackdown which they must keep hidden from "hostile Western powers hastening to continue their strategies of 'westernising' our country". About 129 people have been killed for their religious activities and another 208 crippled by torture.

@_date: 2002-02-12 10:37:10
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Yankee repression roundup. 
Natnl. Solidarity for Craig Rosebraugh (english)
by rise 10:05pm Mon Feb 11 '02
On Feb 12th, former ELF spokesperson, Craig Rosebraugh, will be forced to appear before a Congressional Subcommittee on 'Eco-terrorism'.
More on raisethefist.com mirror is expected shortly.
Camp X-ray carries on bushido tradition of ww2 japs not notifying friends,relative,etc of kidnapee's.
DEATH to AMERICA! KILL the PRESIDENT!

@_date: 2002-02-12 08:14:12
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The Globalizer Who Came In From the Cold (fwd) 
>>...I took away from my talks with the professor that the solution to world poverty and crisis is simple: remove the bloodsuckers. ...<<<
Thanks to the new improved APster removing the bloodsuckers should be a cinch.Kill the president for starters.
I like palast and regularly repost his stuff on indymedia and "Social unrest' he mentions was seen last year in PNG where 4-5 students were shot dead in anti-IMF peaceful protests.Carlo G was not the first anti-glob martyr.Speaking of martyr's I think that according to this...
 we should sacrifice one of our brave leading cypherpunk lights for the greater good.This would also advance APster as the final solution to the "democracy" problem.(my 2$) Kill the "Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-12 02:57:53
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: No subject 
>>The value of etymology is that it tells us that science is shit. --Tim May
Science makes predictions that sometimes occur unlike Tim May's.I infer then that Tim is lower than shit.
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-11 15:49:23
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RSA supports this,RSA STINKS,DUMP RSA! 
Imprisoned Labor Activists and Unionists
The following is a tiny minority of the labour activists imprisoned in China (Source:
China Labour Bulletin last update: March 1, 1998).
Toys Of Misery
A Report On the Toy Industry in China
Read the January 2002 National Labor Committee report "Toys Of Misery" and the factory study on the Shuihe Electronics factory to find out about the abusive conditions endured by the workers in China who made this past holiday season's hottest toys. Also check out the related Los Angeles Times The China Lobbys Campaign for
Two-Way Trade with China
by Robert Weissman
BEIJING -- With Republicans in the U.S. Senate preparing to show how China sought to exercise illegal and improper influence over U.S. politics, the activities of the real -- and far more powerful -- China Lobby have gone Made up of the largest U.S. corporations, the China Lobby ...(cont)
Imprisoned Labor Activists and Unionists
The following is a tiny minority of the labour activists imprisoned in
China (Source: China Labour Bulletin last update: March 1, 1998). Toys Of Misery
A Report On the Toy Industry in
China Read the January 2002 National Labor Committee report
"Toys Of Misery" and the
factory study on the Shuihe
Electronics factory to find out about the abusive conditions endured by
the workers in China who made this past holiday season's hottest toys.
Also check out the related Los Angeles Times
The China Lobbys Campaign for Two-Way Trade with China by Robert Weissman
BEIJING -- With Republicans in the U.S. Senate preparing to show how
China sought to exercise illegal and improper influence over U.S.
politics, the activities of the real -- and far more powerful -- China
Lobby have gone unexamined.
Made up of the largest U.S. corporations, the China Lobby ...(cont)

@_date: 2002-02-11 14:33:43
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Greg palast interview. 
BUZZFLASH INTERVIEWS BBC INVESTIGATIVE REPORTER GREG PALAST
Greg Palast, an investigative reporter for the BBC and the Observer (sister paper of the Guardian), is well-known among BuzzFlash readers for his expose on how Jeb Bush and Katherine Harris disenfranchised black voters in Florida. Based in London (because tenacious investigative reporters are not valued in the U.S. media, he Says) Greg is thorough, cynical and fearless. In March, BuzzFlash.com will be featuring Greg's new investigative reporting book, "The Best Democracy Money Can Buy."
BUZZFLASH INTERVIEWS BBC INVESTIGATIVE
REPORTER GREG PALAST
Greg Palast, an investigative reporter for the BBC and the Observer
(sister paper of the Guardian), is well-known among BuzzFlash readers for
his expose on how Jeb Bush and Katherine Harris disenfranchised black
voters in Florida. Based in London (because tenacious investigative
reporters are not valued in the U.S. media, he Says) Greg is thorough,
cynical and fearless. In March, BuzzFlash.com will be featuring Greg's
new investigative reporting book, "The Best Democracy Money Can

@_date: 2002-02-11 14:27:12
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RSA contributes to MORE asian police state's.DUMP RSA. 
RSA SecurID Passage smart card software now supports the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) Common Access Card (CAC), which provides digital signing, user authentication and certificate-based log-on to networks and computer systems. RSA SecurID Passage smart card software combines the security of smart cards with the strength of digital certificates used for accessing networks, applications and data.
Singapore if you want your ass in a sling and Korea,famous for their cybercops that track down draft dodgers.
What a sleazy corporate crock! Disinvest now.

@_date: 2002-02-11 14:09:18
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: JFK at RSA is DOA,RIP.DUMP RSA,DUMP RSA. 
John F. Kennedy
Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Finance and Operations and John F. Kennedy has served as Chief Financial Officer of RSA Security Inc since August 1999.
John F. Kennedy
Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Finance and Operations
and Treasurer John F. Kennedy has served as Chief Financial Officer of RSA Security Inc
since August 1999.

@_date: 2002-02-11 12:29:19
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Tampa Tushy Fest, Part 1,Seymore Butts last stand? 
In late February 2002, this jury trial will begin in the porn industry's own backyard -- Los Angeles. It's the first obscenity trial in that city since 1993. The prosecutor says that Glasser's sex video ("Tampa Tushy Fest, Part 1") is a clear-cut case of obscenity. Glasser and his lawyer, of course, disagree. Here's a summary of the video that the jurors will be asked to watch, and links to FRONTLINE's interviews with the defendant, his lawyer, and the deputy city attorney who is prosecuting the case. Could Glasser's case be the first in a wave of obscenity cases brought by state and federal prosecutors emboldened by the Bush administration? Could this be the end of gonzo anal sex loops? AARRGGHH!NO!
FUCK ASSCROFTBUSH! KILL THE MOTHERFUCKERS! (my 4$)
In late February 2002, this jury trial will begin in the porn industry's
own backyard -- Los Angeles. It's the first obscenity trial in that city
since 1993. The prosecutor says that Glasser's sex video ("Tampa
Tushy Fest, Part 1") is a clear-cut case of obscenity. Glasser and
his lawyer, of course, disagree. Here's a summary of the video that the
jurors will be asked to watch, and links to FRONTLINE's interviews with
the defendant, his lawyer, and the deputy city attorney who is
prosecuting the case. Could Glasser's case be the first in a wave of
obscenity cases brought by state and federal prosecutors emboldened by
the Bush administration? Could this be the end of gonzo anal sex loops?
FUCK ASSCROFT<CHENEY>BUSH! KILL THE MOTHERFUCKERS! (my 4$)

@_date: 2002-02-11 09:27:32
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Suspect taps by China,RSA evil alliance. 
TELSTRA internet users could face further international traffic delays while a cable linking Australia and Western Europe is repaired.
Telstra spokeswoman Kerrina Lawrence said it was suspected the SEA-ME-WE3 cable had been damaged by sandmining at a point about 50km south of Singapore.
The SEA-ME-WE3 Consortium had dispatched a ship but was waiting for permission to enter Indonesian territorial waters before repairs could commence. This was expected tomorrow at the earliest.
Ms Lawrence said ADSL and cable customers had reported slow access at the weekend, but the impact had been "minimal" because traffic was re-routed to two other cables.
The cable has been cut several times before, causing widespread internet problems each time. Last year China Telecom sued a Chinese shipping company for the cost of the repairs.
Ms Lawrence said this incident was not as bad.
"There are thousands of kilometres of cable snaking under the sea along the seabed," she said.
"The last one was a straight cut, this is suspected damage that might have affected voltage. It doesn't seem to be as severe."
The repair costs, which would be borne by the consortium, could run to hundreds of thousands of dollars a day.
The cable, which connects Australia, South East Asia, the Middle East and Europe, has 40 landing points in 34 countries.

@_date: 2002-02-11 08:59:43
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Scott McNealy;Shrub backer,privacy denigrator and job exporter 
He also dresses badly.
"Surrounded by Moslem maniacs on one side and Christian maniacs on the other, the wise Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness."

@_date: 2002-02-11 08:37:10
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Konformist: SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT ENRON'S CAMPAIGN 
>>This report was widely available MORE THAN THREE WEEKS AGO. Today is February 10th...that report, which rehashed familiar material, is dated January 18th. <<
May never posts old rancid memories,stories the cat dragged in,incoherent rubbish and long rambling empty posts.He did say its crypto-winter though...five years of bleak nothingness.Keep posting jei,if your annoying May your OK by me.
 >>Your spam has become intolerable. You have never had an original thing to say here. Please leave. --Tim May <<
If he's here over 10 years like some boring old farts then he MAY have something original to say.Leave him alone you bully.Who made you pope? (also its better the Konformist than other crap corporate media.maybe he's "Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-11 08:26:35
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Do you work for the US Govt? 
>>Socialism has no concept of liberty. Socialism is the abrogation of the concept of 'private property' or 'civil rights', it only recognizes the utility of the 'state'. Socialism is slavery of the many to the one. <<
jamesd have you hacked into choate prime?
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality.
See you have to combine LIBERTY and SOCIALISM to get LIBERTARIAN SOCIALISM or ANARCHY.
There's as much room on your left to say,Stalin,as there is on the right to Do YOU work for the Govt?
We know you squeal like a rat to the FBI.

@_date: 2002-02-11 05:44:37
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Indymedia news,fresh and crispy. 
Eyewitness news and views about the WEF snobs ball.
"Anarchy is not lack of order. Anarchy is lack of ORDERS."

@_date: 2002-02-10 17:07:00
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Re: Choate charged over molesting small gerbils 
>>I don't promise anything, Yes, you did. And running for office is irrelevant. Every time you stand up and promote anarchy (or any other political or philosophical view) you are promising something. An answer to the problems we face.<<
Well anarchy seems the best way forward to me.Its got answers for everything I can think of.Whats your poison?
  >>Your problem is you can't back up your claims with respect to anarchy. <<
Makhno? Durruti? What about Magon? There's a heap of hidden hirstory you seem ignorant of.Anarchy,for want of a better word is good,anarchy works.You cant back up your own website,I gave up after two dead links.
 >>Just another CACL spin doctor blowhard. <<
Jamesd has me down as a Statist.I am closer to CALCers than Statist's.Some CALCers have come to anarchy,famously,jim bell.What of crypto-anarchy jimbo? You come over as a plain vanilla blowhard.
Will slashdot solve anything? Hundreds of whinging geeks deserve each other,we don't deserve them or you,go back to road kill texas you gerbil molesting imbecile.Mongo makes more sense.

@_date: 2002-02-10 16:23:09
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Police interview proffr over seized laptop.(After 8 months.) 
Bomb bomb.I may be charged with making death threats in "e-mail's"(police description.) directed toward the victorian police and a State govt (victorian.)minister,Rob 'buckethead'Hulls.A policeman ,who killed a citizen and was found with KKK literature and extensive weaponry collection,norman scott cheasley's name was mentioned as was the Police commissioner,C.Nixon.The two post's looked more like warnings than threats.
One was posted at a board where "anyone can download"(police prosecutor under oath.) early last year.
The 2cnd mentioned was made just hours prior to the serving of a warrant.It was not mentioned in the warrant.(couldn't have been.)So on the basis of basically one post made to one (anarchist,according to police.) website,(that doesn't require registration or keep logs) The police have seized my laptop,kept it over 8 months and still have to bring actual charges.They may still not bring charges.The post's seem so incoherent as to be nonsensical.Assassination politics was not mentioned during the interview though it featured strongly at my bail hearing last year and was fairly widely reported in the tabloid and local papers.Indymedia,where the post's were left (not e-mailed) by person or persons unknown,has had a couple of legal problems,one of them allegedly by me at the (now defunct) Ohio valley site.I do remember making that post.(stephen Roach,dead man I made a "no comment' interview under legal advice.I deny making death threats, or any threats actually,I'm advocating assassination politics or APster strictly for its value as entertainment journalism.I will vigorously defend any charges bought arising from this gross abuse of State power.I hope to sue the police for malicious prosecution.I will certainly be complaining to the ombudsman.One attempt to retrieve the dell has already cost the taxpayers thousands of dollars.
A million mojo-dollars and 15 feet of pure white snow
for the head of george walker bush,payment on delivery. pr.

@_date: 2002-02-10 03:52:28
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Wheres a Slayer when you NEED one. 
Corralitos, Ca. (AP) - Police said a loner with a history of mental illness confessed to the sword slaying of a prominent scientist, saying fantasy creatures gave him permission to kill the man in order to protect a friend.
Authorities made public Friday a statement in which matt Taylor, 47, of Modesto, said he believed physicist Tim May was planning to nuke Oakland.Taylor, who has been diagnosed as schizophrenic and treated in psychiatric hospitals, said
"That was all I could take,"
The teen-ager said vampires and creatures named Cheney,Rummy and Wolf then gave him permission for the Dec. 8, 2002, slaying to protect his "closest, most dear friend."
Taylor said after he stabbed May with a 27-inch sword at the scientist's rural farmhouse, he drank his victim's blood and went "into a frenzy."

@_date: 2002-02-10 02:40:03
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Aussi big ears. 
Revealed: our role in 'evil' spy game	
By BRENDAN NICHOLSON
Sunday 10 February 2002
Australia is helping Japan set up a network of spy satellites to monitor North Korea's ballistic missile system and to spy on military activity in China and far-eastern Russia.
In a significant development of the security relationship between Australia and Japan, a temporary ground station is being built in Western Australia to help get the four satellites into position.
The move preceded United States President George W. Bush's resolve to target North Korea as part of an "axis of evil". Australia's relatively muted approach to the project may be explained by the government's confirmation to The Sunday Age yesterday that North Korea will open an embassy in Canberra this year and Australia will open an embassy in Pyongyang next year.
A spokesman said Australia's decision to rebuild its formal relations with North Korea reflected Canberra's policy of maintaining dialogue as widely as possible.
A spokesman for Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Australia shared US concern that North Korea was a threat to regional stability in its own right and because of its willingness to sell missile technology to third On October 16, when Australians were focused on the federal election campaign, Mr Downer quietly announced that two satellite ground stations would be built at Telstra's Perth International Telecommunications Centre under a contract between Japan's National Space Development Agency and a Telstra joint venture company, Xantic.
A media release from the minister's office said one ground station would support two Japanese satellites carrying out scientific, research and commercial functions.
The other would be a temporary station set up to help get four "information gathering" satellites safely into space and to position them accurately in Once the satellites were in place the second ground station would be The media release did not mention that the four satellites would comprise a spy network for the Japanese Defence Agency.
Defence analyst Des Ball, of the Australian National University's Defence and Strategic Studies Centre, said the development was significant and essentially a positive one for Australia.
"Given that Japan in the past has been so reluctant to get in touch with anyone other than the Americans, they've never got into bed with anyone in any shape or form, so in a sense this is a first.
"I think it's essentially unobjectionable. It's not as if they're putting a major base or facility here, but people will raise questions about it, I'm Dr Ball said the satellites would carry out passive monitoring.
"There are many developments of real strategic concern to Japan in their region - everything from what's going on in China with the build-up of Chinese armed forces, nuclear programs, missile programs, the whole Korean That material was also of considerable interest to Australia.
By 1994, mounting tension in the region had created pressure for Japan to set up its own defence surveillance system.
The debate simmered until August, 1998, when Tokyo was horrified to discover from the US that North Korea had recklessly fired its new Taepodong missile over Japan and into the Pacific.
A stage of the missile landed in the Sea of Japan. It was not known whether the missile was on course but it certainly had the range to hit Japan.
Its government decided to put up a network of military surveillance satellites, which a 1999 Japanese Defence Agency white paper said would cost about $A2.5 billion.
The white paper said the satellites' instruments would be potent enough to identify ballistic missile sites through cloud or in darkness and to differentiate between military and civil ships and aircraft.
The North Koreans responded by claiming that Japan was preparing to invade Korea in cahoots with the US and warned Japan would suffer "an annihilating retaliatory blow" if it carried out a preemptive strike.
According to a paper prepared by Motohiro Tsuchiya, a senior research fellow at the International University of Japan's Centre for Global Communications, the defence agency's plans breached Japan's commitment to use space for only peaceful purposes. But the government concluded that the satellites would serve a purely defensive role.
Since the 1970s, China has had its own network of spy satellites keeping an eye on the region.
Its satellites orbit over Australia and could monitor activity here.
The first of the Japanese satellites is expected to be launched early in 2003 from Japan's Tanegashima Space Centre.
The network will be controlled and operated from Japan. Two will use a sophisticated form of very short wavelength radar to record images through cloud and the others will take optical pictures.
Dr Ball said he doubted that any operational material would be received directly by Australian stations.
"The quid pro quo is more likely to be that `we do a favour for you now and you do a favour for us at some time in the future'.
"We're not really in the business of detailed analysis of imagery from North-East Asia, which is where the Japanese stuff will relate to."
Material of interest to Australia would come via the CIA, thanks to Japan's close relationship with the US.
The Japanese network will complement a 50-year-old intelligence-sharing network involving the US and close allies including Australia.
The Japanese are considered third parties to the arrangement, along with South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and possibly Singapore.
The US is the first party, the second are Britain, Australia, Canada and New Zealand.
Dr Ball said Australia was responsible for monitoring South-East Asia and the US provided raw material for analysis, which Australia processed on behalf of its allies.
They would then pass on to the Japanese anything that was thought to be particularly relevant to them. "In so far as that leads to greater knowledge through these intelligence networks, anything that's important will get back to us," Dr Ball said.
He said the network would enable the Japanese to look at the same things they were now listening to. Japan had about 50 aircraft on continuous listening patrols over an area ranging from the Sea of Okhotsk down to Taiwan. That was one of the most intensively monitored areas in the world, he said.
Japan now had the second most powerful conventional military force on the planet, backed up by an increasingly potent intelligence service: "They're listening and watching - they're worried."
Japan had more than 100 standard P3-Orion maritime patrol planes in the region, backed by highly sophisticated EP-3 Orions capable of soaking up vast amounts of electronic information. The aircraft covered a radius of 1000 nautical miles.
Australia monitored a vast area from the mid-Indian Ocean across to the western Pacific.
"They will be monitoring, as they do with their airborne systems, everything north of Taipei and we will be monitoring everything south of However, Japan had obtained air-to-air refuelling planes and small aircraft carriers to increase the operational range of its forces. Its aircraft had been fitted with long-range missiles. He said Australia's defence cooperation with Japan began in the 1980s with links between the Australian Security Intelligence Service and the Cabinet Office in Tokyo.

@_date: 2002-02-10 01:49:12
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: South America warm,tropical. 
Government Loses Ground
Blockades Multiply Across Bolivia
By Luis A. Gómez
Narco News Andean Bureau (URLs for story)
Protests Increase in Argentina
by Chris Strohm 9:53am Sat Feb 9 '02
Buenos Aires, Argentina – Workers, community groups and the unemployed are joining forces in Buenos Aires to fight back against an economic and political crisis that continues to worsen by the day. (More at URL)

@_date: 2002-02-10 01:45:43
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Finland direct actions. 
Hi, here is info about 2 old Finnish anarchist actions, about which I only heard when I visited Finland this week... I leave it up to Ilan to decide if these are still interesting for a-infos subsrcibers. While Putin was in Finland in the beginning of the September, some 6 anarchists and anti-militarists decided to organise a night-demo ("Since his coinscience does not disturb his sleep, we will"). Demonstrators came to his hotel around one AM, and they were arrested almost immediately after blowing whistlerhorns. Police let them go next morning, with some minor misdemeanor charges. Action did not resulted to any media attention, unlike anti-Clinton night demo spring 1997 which was a big scandal. There were many actions in Helsinki during WTO action day 9th of November along with the main demo with turnout of 500, some of them had little connection with the general theme. More anarchist one was for "reclaiming the public space", when some 40 anarchists and other activists occupied space in Metro area with sofa and armchair, and had good time with some food and beer. Guards did not interrupted. This area is basically municipal and has much small business, but is terrorized by private guards of Danish security multinational Falck who violently attack homeless, punks and anyone who does not fit their criteria about who should be let to public spaces of today. Helsinki anarchists are organising campaign against Falck guards, if there are some stories about this company from other countries they might be interested. Antti R.

@_date: 2002-02-09 14:38:38
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Any news of the Fast Software Encryption workshop? 
Fast Software Encryption 2002
February 4-6, 2002, Leuven (Belgium)
The Fast Software Encryption workshop concentrates on all aspects of fast symmetric primitives: secret key ciphers, including the design and cryptanalysis of block and stream ciphers, as well as hash functions and message authentication codes (MACs). From this year on, the workshop is sponsored by the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR) .
Fast Software Encryption 2002
February 4-6, 2002, Leuven (Belgium)
The Fast Software Encryption workshop concentrates on all
aspects of fast symmetric primitives: secret key ciphers, including the
design and cryptanalysis of block and stream ciphers, as well as hash
functions and message authentication codes (MACs). From this year on, the
workshop is sponsored by the International
Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR) .

@_date: 2002-02-09 14:22:53
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: PKI penetration,"dissapointing." 
Linked from More paranoia needed? Kill the president,pr.

@_date: 2002-02-09 13:59:33
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Spirit of Patrice Lumumba. 
Belgium faces up to its bloody past
Forty one years after the event, Belgium has finally apologised for its role in the murder of Patrice Lumumba, an icon of the Left and Africa's most promising post-colonial leader, writes Andrew Osborn
Friday February 8, 2002
He was shot by firing squad, dismembered and then dissolved in a vat of sulphuric acid, but the spirit of Patrice Lumumba could not be extinguished.
This week, forty one years later, Belgium, the former colonial power in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (later to be renamed Zaire, and then after the fall of Mobutu Sese Seko in 1997, the Democratic Republic of the Congo), apologised for its role in a political execution which ushered in 36 years of dictatorship under the tyrannical leadership of Mobutu Sese Seko.
Belgium may not have physically pulled the trigger, but it stood by and watched as others did, failed to protect Lumumba even though it knew he was in mortal danger, lent its military expertise and personnel to those who would murder him and then did its best to cover up what had happened.
That much has been established by a Belgian parliamentary inquiry which, after two years, has just wound up its work. No "smoking gun" was found but the panel did ascertain that Belgium bore "moral responsibility" for Lumumba's death.
This week's apology, proffered by Belgium's foreign minister Louis Michel, was cathartic and long-overdue.
It was January 17, 1961, when Lumumba, a former postal worker turned prime minister, met his end just a year after the Belgian Congo had been granted its independence after eighty years of rule from Brussels.
The country seemed to be on the cusp of a new, more enlightened era and hopes were high that Lumumba, charismatic and fiercely nationalistic, would be the man to turn the page. He was after all the country's first democratically-elected leader. But, bespectacled and defiant, Lumumba had too many enemies.
The first signs of trouble came in 1960, the year Belgium gave its largest colony (the Democratic Republic of the Congo is the size of western Europe) its independence. King Baudouin's handing-over speech rankled many. It was paternalistic and spoke in glowing terms of his country's contribution to the Congo. Lumumba was not scheduled to speak, but did so anyway. The force and frankness of his speech angered the Belgians, and was later described as "the detonator" for what was to follow.
"We have known sarcasm and insults, endured blows morning, noon and night because we were 'niggers,'" he declared in a speech which drew thunderous applause from the Africans and silence from the Belgians.
Lumumba was quickly branded a dangerous radical and a Communist sympathiser by the Belgians, and by the Americans who, it was later shown, also plotted to kill him.
In July 1960, serious trouble broke out in the Congo when Katanga, a copper and diamond-rich province, declared its independence with the full backing of Belgium. Lumumba called in UN peacekeepers but they did little more than maintain the status quo and in August of that year another part of the country declared its independence.
In September, the head of the armed forces, Mobutu Sese Seko, saw his chance, staged a military coup and deposed Lumumba who was arrested soon afterwards. Mobutu renamed the country Zaire and remained a faithful friend of the west living the high life until his own overthrow in May 1997.
Lumumba was less fortunate. He was transferred to Katanga on a Belgian plane on the orders of the Belgian foreign minister and assaulted and tortured in the presence of Belgian officers in a villa guarded by Belgian troops. However, no proof exists that his murder was ordered by Brussels.
He is then said to have been shot, along with two companions, by an execution squad supervised by a Belgian captain. Another Belgian, Gerard Soete, claims that he and others later chopped Lumumba's corpse into small pieces and dissolved it in acid. Soete, a former police commissioner, claims also to have kept two of Lumumba's teeth as "keepsakes" but to have later thrown them into the North Sea.
Lumumba's murder was, in short, one of the darkest episodes in Belgium's already blood-spattered colonial history.
"One day, history will have its say, but it will not be the history they teach at the UN, in Washington, Paris or Brussels but the history they teach in countries freed from colonialism and its puppets. Africa will write its own history and it will be one of glory and dignity."
With Belgian money, a Patrice Lumumba Foundation will be set up to fund conflict prevention projects in a country still riven by war. It may not seem like much, but along with Belgium's dignified apology it may help to create the fair and equitable Africa of which Lumumba dreamed so dangerously.

@_date: 2002-02-09 12:32:31
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Faustine's dildo missing. 
Hot dot missing at Lucas Heights
By Richard Macey
It's no bigger than a match head, and experts insist it is harmless, but the radioactive device that vanished from a building on the site of the Lucas Heights nuclear reactor has triggered a bureaucratic meltdown.
On January 10, workers at the Australian Radiopharmaceuticals and Industrials (ARI) building realised that the tiny piece of radioactive americium-241 was missing.
A search was immediately launched but a month later there is still no trace of the device, which is used by industry to measure the thickness of extremely fine materials, such as sticky tape.
The controversy is not what the Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation needed ahead of the construction of its long awaited replacement reactor. MORE ON...
Hot dot missing at Lucas Heights By Richard Macey It's no bigger than a match head, and experts insist it is harmless,
but the radioactive device that vanished from a building on the site of
the Lucas Heights nuclear reactor has triggered a bureaucratic
On January 10, workers at the Australian Radiopharmaceuticals and
Industrials (ARI) building realised that the tiny piece of radioactive
americium-241 was missing.
A search was immediately launched but a month later there is still no
trace of the device, which is used by industry to measure the thickness
of extremely fine materials, such as sticky tape.
The controversy is not what the Australian Nuclear Science and Technology
Organisation needed ahead of the construction of its long awaited
replacement reactor. MORE ON...

@_date: 2002-02-09 12:14:37
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: They want to track our black cash,FUCK THAT! 
The case for barter,e-cash and mass assassination of P.I.Gs grows stronger daly."Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments?"

@_date: 2002-02-09 12:02:57
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Politics on Choate prime. 
>>On another note: one of the issues we've seen recently that is not addressed well by the militant anarchist/socialist groups is the lack of transparency within their ranks.<<
We are being locked up all over the world and having our stuff ripped off,How  transparent do you expect us to be?
  >>Instead of working to gain more transparency in the groups that they assemble against (allow for open criticisms and hopefully amelioration/remediation/explanation such as in the cases below)<<
We want some accountability from so called *free and *democratic institutions.We ARE working bloody hard for that,WTF are you doing?
  >>they have a strong tendency to internally hold their policies and gatherings in secret- in fear of infiltration and subterfusion. <<
Some even use (gasp!) PGP!
 >>Granted if you form a spokescouncil and agree to membership rules you're allowed fairly deep penetration of externally hidden strategies.<<
This reminds me of my shrink when I mentioned a recent case where bugged therapy session transcripts were mentioned in some ones trial."If you have nothing to hide..."
I told him I had nothing to hide if all lawmakers,judges and shrinks didn't.
  >>But... I fear I paint w/ a broad brush myself when I say that it sounds like a new religion to me... ;-) <<
Anarchisms over 100 fucking years old,if it sounds like a new religion to you then I've got a bridge you may want to invest in or the protocols of the elders of socialism,1st edition.
 >>Then again the anarchist goal is the destruction of all traditional authority structures<<
I think some of us still want doctors and nurses,this looks more and more like crude anarch-baiting.
  >>and that is not predicated w/ any level of transparency, cooperation, or in some cases accountability.<<
APster should cover the accountability angle.Anarchists I know are the most transperant,coopeRATive and accountable folk I know.You must have met some nasty ones.(or provocateurs)
  >>Maybe I'm still realing from influences/shocks of "cult of personalities" during recent events... ;-) <<
No names? Shurley not sherman!
 >>How close to the absolute left is the absolute right. Yeehaw! <<
On the authoritarian side they get close,heehaw .Choate rabbits on about how much he despise's the CALCers;what (on earth) is his alternative?

@_date: 2002-02-09 08:58:58
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Assassinphones 
APster phones expected shortly as Chaum patents expire and e-dinars take off.
Check your predictions with SMS,Hunt them down with GPS and make sure to supply DNA so they're DOA.
Imagine for a moment that as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust, or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. A person whose actions are so abusive or improper that the citizenry shouldn't have to tolerate it. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount: The amount they, themselves, would be willing to pay to anyone who "predicts" that officeholder's death. That donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a central registry organization, and be totaled, with the total amount available within seconds to any interested individual. If only 0.1% of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head.

@_date: 2002-02-09 07:10:05
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Brian Dastur be aware. 
bdastur come on down! APster has selected You ...and me--the little guys, the ordinary working people of the world--could get together, all pitch in, and pay to have every rotten scoundrel in politics assassinated. And we could do it legally.Jim Bell imagined an organization that would award "a cash prize to somebody who correctly 'predicted' the death of one of a list of violators of rights, usually either government employees, officeholders, or appointees. It could ask for anonymous contributions from the public, and individuals would be able to send those contributions using digital cash." He explains that "using modern methods of public-key encryption and anonymous digital cash, it would be possible to make such awards in such a way so that nobody knows who is getting awarded the money, only that the award is being given. Even the organization itself would have no information that could help the authorities find the person responsible for the prediction, let alone the one who caused the death.If I don't hear from you Ill assume you are volunteering for field trials set to begin soon."Id buy that for a dollar!"

@_date: 2002-02-08 13:51:15
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: AUTOPSY REPORT from N.York. 
Above is a NYC,WEF Post Mortem.
Too long to copy here.I found a free blogsite so Ill store some shite there.(dont thank me,its nothing.)

@_date: 2002-02-08 12:52:19
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Price of zero tolerance for facist NYPD. 
PRESS RELEASE For immediate release
CITY PAYS ACTIVISTS $469K IN "PUNISHMENT OF DISSENT" LAWSUIT Days after detaining WEF protesters & journalists, City pays for violating first New York City – City lawyers today agreed to pay approximately $469,000 in damages and legal costs to activists arrested in a 1999 Diallo-related protest. The twelve activists were jailed for over 24 hours – a common experience for dissenters under the Giuliani administration – instead of receiving summonses in accordance with NYPD practice for non-political The lawsuit alleged that the City targeted political protesters for punishment by imposing pre-trial jail time for charges that carry no jail sentence. Social justice organizers believe that as many as 800 such detentions of protesters may have occurred between 1999 and 2001, and that each instance was illegal and violated First Amendment rights.
“The City blatantly targeted demonstrators who criticized Giuliani or the NYPD,” said Mary Elizebeth Bartholomew, a plaintiff in the lawsuit and an attorney in the Brehon Law Society. “On that day, we stood as Irish-Americans protesting racism in the NYPD, drawing parallels between policing in New York City and brutal, racist policing in the North of Ireland which targets Irish Catholics. Today we stand with the multitudes of poor people, youth, people of color, people with AIDS, queers and immigrants who were targeted for silencing by the Giuliani administration.”
“When we started hearing about protesters being jailed overnight in 1998, it added to a laundry list of Giuliani anti-speech practices which included slapping protesters with excessive charges, halting demonstrations in mid-stream, and arresting organizers in the middle of a protest to create chaos,” said Emmaia Gelman, a plaintiff and a member of Irish Queers. “Overnight detention was a weapon in a very obvious war on dissent.”
The written order to jail protesters was uncovered last May by the New York Civil Liberties Union in a separate lawsuit. Previously, it was apparently hidden even from City lawyers. Rather than defend the policy, the City rescinded it in July 2001.
In today's settlement, the City agreed never to reinstate the policy. However, the settlement comes just days after the NYPD similarly detained demonstrators and independent journalists arrested at the World Economic Forum, leaving questions about a continuation of the illegal NYPD practice.

@_date: 2002-02-08 12:38:39
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Trial of Turkish comrades.US prisoner news. 
There will be demonstration in London against the continuing bombing of Afghanistan on Sat 2 Mar, 1pm, Hyde Park
On December 1 2001, two anarchists were taken by the police in Usak (a city in Mid-West Anatolia, Turkey) with the claim of distributing illegal leaflets in a meeting organized by trade-unions. Later on, three other were taken, and all five of them were arrested with the claim of “being members of an illegal terrorist organization” namely Usak Anarchist Autonom. Although they did nothing more than distributing their own materials/leaflets, for this terrorist state it was enough to judge them with the claim of organizing in such a way “to destroy or to divide” it. They did not even find any (in their own words) “violent” or “terrorist” clues related with the group. The trail will be held in Izmir DGM (SSC-State Security Court) on 13 Feb. At the moment they are in Usak Prison; each of them in separate cells. This week they’ll be sent to Izmir F-type prison. They were beaten badly and tortured by Usak police and refused the lawyers offered by the state. For the first time Turkish anarchists will be judged by Turkish State as an “illegal organization” and this trail will show the attitude of the state against anarchists and anarchist organizations. For more info Email: abcankara Here are the details of seven anarchist prisoners in Turkey. They’ll be released in 2224. Please send them a letter or postcard in simple English. It makes them feel that they are not left alone in prison. Zamir Karaagaç, E Tipi Kapali Cezaevi, B-5 K.Maras 46060/Turkey Osman Ercan, Ozel Tip Kapali Cezaevi, C-2 Kogusu, Amasya 05100/Turkey Ibrahim Demir, Ozel Tip Cezaevi, B/1-2 Gaziantep/Turkey Bulent Kurt, E Tipi Kapali Cezaevi D/8 K.Maras 46060 Cezaevi, B-2 Kirsehir/Turkey Cafer Ozbek, E Tipi Kapali Cezaevi,D/8, K.Maras 46060, Turkey For more information contact: 5th May Group, P.O. Box 2474, London, N8. Robert Middaugh, “Ruckus”, was transferred to the California State Prison in Delano. He was arrested for his involvement in the May Day action in Long Beach, California. He was given two concurrent three years sentences. He can be written to at the following address: Robert Middaugn  P.O. Box 5000, Delano, CA 93216-5000, USA. Prison activist Kathryn Cummins is being denied access to anarchist and other material sent to her. She needs funds for a court case against this harassment. Kathryn Cummins Unit 1, P.O. Box 392005, Denver, CO 80239, USA.

@_date: 2002-02-08 12:38:08
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Striking the buggers out. 
Huge strikes and demonstrations have taken place in Italy. The spark for this wave of militancy has been the Prime Minister’s attempts to steamroller through changes to the law which would reduce pensions and make workers easier to sack. A phenomenal 600,000 workers have taken to the streets - including 60,000 in Milan and 50,000 in Bologna. Workers in the following sectors have been ut on strike - tram, bus, metro workers, national railway, ferry, port and airline. Berlusconi’s last government in 1994 - which was also totally anti-working class, and also included neo-fascists - was mortally wounded by similar strikes. Some people never learn! In Germany the traditionally militant metalworkers are gearing up for a fight with the government France has seen demonstrations and strikes by Doctors, Nurses and other sectors of the heath service.
SOUTH AMERICA
THE resurgence of anarchism in South America has scared various governments into taking extreme measures against our comrades there. In Mexico the government is attempting to crush all genuine resistance. In the last few months, the Ricardo Flores Magon Native People’s Council (CIPO-RFM) has been a regular target of the police. CIPO-RFM is rooted in the communities of Oaxaca State, since 1997 regrouping 4 Indian organisations of 2,000 people. It is openly anarchist and fights on several fronts, for better conditions (water, electricity, infrastructure, services) and for self-organisation of the communities. After having survived murder attempts, and continuing death threats, its activists are now subject to arbitrary arrests. This was particularly the case in the weeks before a big mobilisation in Oaxaca, on 18-20 November last, when all the CIPO communities were meeting on the question of native rights. One of the organisers, Raul Gatica, and his son Inti, were arrested and jailed for several days. International solidarity is essential. CIPO puts out a bulletin on the internet Nuu nkanta’a which you can contact at ciporfm In Cali, Colombia, workers won a very significant victory by occupying an important communications tower for five weeks – all of their demands were met including the end of privatisation, and an investigation into management corruption.

@_date: 2002-02-08 12:31:37
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Finnish comrade dead at an early age. 
OBITUARY - Mika Talvilahti Mika Talvilahti 4th March 1974 – 28th December 2001 It is with great sadness that I write of the passing of London-based anarchist Mika Talvilahti, at the tragically young age of 27. He was born in the town of Saarijaervi, in the rural Jyvaeskylae region of Finland. Like many young Finns, he was radicalised by the state’s presumption that he was its property, and that as such he should serve in its army. Mika rebelled against the call to military service, throwing his lot in with the ‘objectors’. His life would never be the same. The Finnish state has taken advantage of the country’s close proximity to the old USSR to generate a culture of contempt for those young men who refuse to ‘do their duty’ and defend ‘their country’. When you refuse military service in Finland, you are not just defying the state, but also public opinion. Mika fought both, his brave and defiant spirit moving him to involve himself more deeply in radical politics, adding anti-fascist work to his activities. At the age of 22, with work in short supply (particularly so for objectors), he packed up and made his way from Saarijaervi to London. A deep thinker, on his arrival he spent a long time mulling over his political experiences to date. Despite the social censure he had experienced in Finland, figured that if a self-educated man like himself could become an anarchist, anyone could! He decided he should move beyond activities emphasising a particular single issue, and work instead to spread revolutionary anarchist ideas and action in general. He involved himself in the activities of the London group of the Anarchist Federation, and helped set up the Walthamstow Anarchist Group, into which he put a tremendous amount of time and energy. Though he died young, Mika filled his life with more meaning than many who live to 90, but who never question what they are taught, never question the status quo, never strive for freedom. He confronted the authority of the state head on, and came out on the other side still fighting. It is this kind of life, a life full of love for liberty and strength of will, that gives so much hope for the future. On Sat 9 Feb, two events will be held for Mika. In the afternoon, his comrades will plant a tree dedicated to him in Walthamstow. From 8pm, there will be a gathering at Conway Hall. All are welcome. Tel: 07810 288 889 for more info.

@_date: 2002-02-08 12:29:09
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: SO CAL POWER - Feb-9-02 March Against Police Brutality then 
info on SO CAL POWER below. Ed.]
AT 11 a.m Saturday, January 19th, an elderly black woman
Marcella Byrd, 57 year old resident of a downtown Long Beach was
murdered by 10 Long Beach police officers who shot her because
they claimed she was holding a knife.
JOIN US THIS SATURDAY FEB 9 ON A MARCH TO PROTEST
POLICE BRUTALITY IN THE CITY OF LONG BEACH, CA!!!
WHEN: Feb 9, 2002
TIME: 3:00 PM
LOCATION: Lincoln Park [Broadway+Pacific] next to the main Long
Beach Library
MORE INFO: 562-434-1649
THIS MARCH IS BEING ENDORESED BY: A-Occasions Anarchist
Infoshop of Long Beach, ABCF (Anarchist Black Cross Federation)
Los Angeles, ABC (Anarchist Black Cross, POWER (People
Opposing War, Empires and Rulers) The South Central Citizens
community group, Cal State Long Beach Campus Progressives.
Long Beach Green Party, Cal State Long Beach Anti-War coalition,
COPWATCH, Food Not Bombs, and the Citizens Review Board of
Long Beach, Legal Aid Network
Recently the Long Beach Police Department in CA have begun
intensifying there campaign against free speech and demonstrators
in Long Beach. People have been arrested unlawfully, followed
home, and physically attacked. It is important that the entire
community show up for this one!
The March starts from Lincoln Park [Broadway+Pacific] next to the
main Long Beach Library. The March starts at 3pm on Feb 9th.
Thats a Saturday.
At 11 a.m Saturday, January 19th, officers were called to Top Value
Market on Pacific Ave, where an elderly black woman struggled
with the manager of the store. Marcella Byrd, 57 year old resident
of a downtown senior apartment complex, was murdered minutes
later when ten police officers claim that she tried to throw a carving
knife at them. Ten officers claim that they needed to use a gun to
take down a 57 year old lady. No matter what she was doing it is
not right that she was murdered. And this is only one of many
murders that have been carried out by the racist police in Long
Every day in our community the racist police pull us over, shoot us,
jail us, beat us, and harass us. Why? Because they can. They think
because they have a badge, that we can't ddo anything about it.
They think that if we are poor, young, old, female, Black, M
Come check out the Long Beach infoshop A-Occasions located on
684 Redondo Ave.Long Beach CA. Our infoshop is a community
space that is open to the community for radical books and music,
we have a free art wall, Food Not Bombs, POWER (People
Opposing War, Empires and Rulers) Copwatch, Community
Defense Group, Legal Aid network (in the works) and a variety of
events and workshops every month. Empower yourself and you will
empower your community.
                                          **********************
hi there
we are good ol' anarchist here in Souther CA. We started as an Anarchist People
of CColor group.. but have grown now and have all kinds of people in all and colores in our group.. but the one thing we have remaind true to is that we are
all still anti authoritarians.. couldn't you tell by the things that we post?
our groups name is POWER it stands for People Opposing War, Empire and
Rulers.. a dead giveaway for Anarchists. We started the group after those
sectarian/vanguards tried to take control of the Berkeley, Boston and Chicago
conferences and guess what now were flourishing. Feel free to post us all over
A-infos, anything to your liking, and if you are instrested in finding some members in your region and neck of the woods, drop us a line and tell us what part
of the country you are in and we'll try to help you out.
thank you
SO CAL POWER

@_date: 2002-02-08 12:26:50
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The States Are The Real Terrorists 
SUPPORT REVOLUTIONARY PRISONER THOMAS TRIPP!
On January 28, 2001, seven others and myself took part in a direct action protest of the lack of educational opportunities, the religious restrictions placed on Native Americans, the harsh, isolated conditions, and disrespectful, abusive guards at Two Rivers Prison in Umatilla, Oregon. We took over a housing unit there for nearly two hours and laid waste to it. We destroyed televisions, computers, fax machines, soda and ice machines, files, phone systems, all the windows on the unit, even the ceiling. We also flooded the entire unit. Having no weapons, we ceded control of the unit when the prison's "Tactical Emergency Response Team" (TERT) arrived with shotguns, pistols, and an M16. After we had surrendered and were lying face down on the floor, the TERT threw a concussion grenade at us. We were then stripped naked and forced to lie handcuffed in between glass and water. Finally, we were marched - still nude - through the prison to segregation. We had caused over $57,000 dollars worth of damage to Oregon Department Of Corrections (ODOC) .
Personal reasons for this action varied with the individual taking part. While I cannot speak for my comrades, I can say that none of us belong to a "white supremacist splinter group," as was portrayed in the ODOC's press releases - releases that were faithfully reprinted with no independent corroboration in the state's lousy rag The Oregonian. Speaking for myself, my motivation, as mentioned above, was to attempt to win back from the ODOC our educational programs, to ease the restrictions on Native Americans, and to get some sort of recreational programs at Two Rivers. Further - and more importantly - I had hoped that our example would be picked up and emulated by prisoners across the state. I had hoped that other prisoners would see that one does not always have to accept the abuse, that ways of fighting back exist. Finally, because I believe that the truly revolutionary moment will be the result of constantly engaging in "insurrectional moments at ever-closer intervals." I was simply doing my part.
That was a year ago. Since then, I have been locked down 23 hours a day - first for six months in the "Disciplinary Segregation Unit" (the hole), and for the last five months here in the "Intensive Management Unit" (the hole). According to the people who run this place, I'll be in the hole at least until September 2002, and probably until February 2003 (despite the fact that I am scheduled to parole on August 23, 2002).
On October 3, 2001, I was indicted by a Grand Jury of Umatilla County on three new felony charges: Riot, Criminal Mischief 1, and Inmate in Possession of a Weapon. These charges carry a possible combined total of thirty years in prison. After the District Attorney illegally postponed my arraignment for nearly three months, I was arraigned by video court on December 26, 2001, and my trial was set for April 19, 2002 - my 24th Birthday.
Since December 26, the only contact I've had with an attorney has been a letter from mine on December 31 stating his intent to withdraw from my case. Despite my attempts, I have been unable to ascertain the nature of the evidence against me. I have no idea what the District Attorney is attempting to do, or how much time he is pushing for (although I've been told everything from five to twelve years). Although years of my life hang in the balance, I am being kept entirely in the dark by the state of Oregon. Whether or not this is intentional, I do not know.
This much I do know: Every available weapon will be used against me in this case - including the tragic events of September 11 - as they will be used against every revolutionary comrade with the courage to strike back against the state and capitalism. That the state would use thousands of dead bodies as a means to further oppression illustrates the point I made in my previous article "The States Are The Real Terrorists" (see Break The Chains  available for $1 at the PO Box below) - the state is afraid. It has been made afraid by the growing number of insurrectionary and explicitly anti-state and anti-capitalist actions over the last five years. It fears these courageous actions because it cannot control them, it cannot stop them. It fears their inherent lack of hierarchy. This fear, along with the state's newly acquired weapon of September 11, puts me - and every other revolutionary comrade - in a very precarious position. We cannot allow this to make us hesitant - we must proceed - despite the state's paltry consequences. As I have said before, the state assumes that if it locks enough people away for long enough periods of time, the movement will disappear. We must continue to challenge that assumption. No one else can liberate us: We must free ourselves.
FOR MORE INFORMATION, CONTACT: Break The Chains, PO Box 11331, Eugene, OR 97440. Thomas Tripp is in serious need of financial and emotional support. Monetary donations can be made out to "Uncivilized Books," and can be sent to the address above. Please send along a note specifying that you would like your donation to go to Thomas Tripp. Send a personal note to Thomas Tripp:  777 Stanton Blvd., Ontario, OR 97914 U$A.

@_date: 2002-02-08 12:03:29
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: My balkan friend Ratibor writes. 
Dear friends, we would like to inform you that mailing list, whose purpose we will decribe to you latter in this message, was set up by internet team of Initiative for Anarcho-syndicate (IAS) from Yugoslavia. Idea of the list is to coordinate efforts of anarcho-syndicalists from Balkan countries (Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Greece, Macedonia, Romania, Slovenia, Turkey and Yugoslavia) who are trying to organize first Balkan Anarcho-syndicalist Conference (BASC). Because of havy history, that Balkan suferd /and not only for last 12 years/, we feel that it is of outmost importance for anarcho-syndicalists from this region to work more closely, and we see this conference as a first step thoward that goal. Everybody who feel that is capable of helping this idea is wellcomed to the mailing list. To subscribe just send empty e-mail message to: balkanasc-subscribe For more info on mailing list or BASC mail: rata Please spread this mail around, and sorry for crossposting. Anarcho-syndicalist greet Rata (IAS-internet team)
From "Ratibor Trivunac"

@_date: 2002-02-08 11:45:24
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: TACOMA: Feb. 9th Tacoma Leonard Peltier March and 
>From Tacoma LPSG
Greetings All,
   Things are looking good for our march and rally. We have folks coming in
as far away as Montana from the east, Vancouver, B.C. from the north and
Salem, OR
from the south. I wish to thank everyone who has helped out.
   Our Leonard Peltier support work is about as grassroots as any struggle
can be. We are
completely dependent upon supporters to carry the message out to the people
of Leonard Peltier's case and the events we organize for him. Also, we get
no foundation grants or money from big organizations. All the funds we use
to keep organizing for Leonard comes from donations from supporters. We do
not waste a penny of donations. All money goes into fliers, posters and our
mailings. At this time with the Feb. 9th event we are a little over $200 in
debt. We are hoping that with this appeal we can raise the money
to pay off our debt and maybe have a little left over to use for our spring
organizing. Please if you can and are willing send a donation to: NWLPSN,
c/o SLPSG, P.O. Box 2514, Seattle, WA 98111.
   As we seek to involve more and more people in Leonard's case and events,
we are asked a number of questions. First folks are always asking us how
does Leonard's case relate to all the other struggles taking place such as
peace, environmentalism, human rights, labor and anti-corporate
globalization to name a few? If you look into Leonard's case you will see
that Leonard was a Native worker (farm worker and carpenter) who learned
first hand about the conditions of labor, something he has written and
spoken about. He took a stand against the multinational corporate rape of
Mother Earth and that was a major reason for what happened on Pine Ridge.
The resistance of the acts of genocide by the Native People of this land has
been about resisting the war against Native people and that they should have
the same human rights as other people have. So it does not take much
understanding to see all the connections between Leonard's case and most
other struggles.
   While it is true we work hard to get the message about Leonard's case out,
please don't take that as meaning that we wish for everyone to stop all else
that they are doing and just work for Leonard. Rather what we seek is to get
Leonard to be included in the many agendas of social activists. If folks
were to stop all else there would be two major problems with that. First,
the powers of repression use repression as a means to suppress the work of
the struggles. If we all stopped the work of those struggles to defend
people like Leonard then the powers of repression will have won. Thus, at
the same time we seek to defend people like Leonard we much also keep our
other work going. Second, some
of our best resources comes from folks involved in other struggles that use
those resources from time to time to help Leonard. Thus, if they were not
active in other things those resources would be lost to us.
   Some folks ask us why do we continue our campaign for Leonard? At what
point does one just give up because it seems so hard to continue? We know
that this work is hard and at times very frustrating. But we also know that
there is no hope in giving up. For the issues that are connected to Leonard'
s case and for Leonard the person, the struggle must go on and it will. We
all hope for a better world and the only way that will ever come about is by
commitment and continuous effort. We will not back down, we will not give
up, we will not stop UNTIL FREEDOM IS WON!
   Below you will find the updated speakers list.
In The Spirit Of Total Resistance
Arthur J. Miller
Tacoma LPSG
  Please post widely
FREE LEONARD PELTIER
INTERNATIONAL DAY OF SOLIDARITY WITH LEONARD PELTIER
MARCH & RALLY FOR JUSTICE
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2002, TACOMA, WA
12:00 NOON, MARCH FOR JUSTICE,
PORTLAND AVE. PARK (On Portland Ave., between E. 34th and E. Fairbanks Ave.
Take Portland Ave. exit off I-5 and head east)
1:00 PM, RALLY FOR JUSTICE
U.S. FEDERAL COURT HOUSE, 1717 PACIFIC AVE.
Harold Belmont, Elder, Native People's Alliance
Matilaja, Yu'pik - Yakama
Juan Jose Bocanegra, Seattle Downtown Human Services Council
Steve Hapy Jr, NW AIM
Arthur J. Miller, Tacoma LPSG
Shelly Vendiola, Indigenous Women's Network
Shelly Means, WAC
Alton McDonald, Tacoma Black Community Activist
Kelley White, Coastal Salish, member of Leonard's original B.C. defense
UNTIL FREEDOM IS WON!
   Feb. 6th, 2002 will mark the 27th year since Leonard's arrest. The Leonard
Peltier Defense Committee has started a new campaign for Leonard that
includes a number of legal actions by Leonard's legal defense team. Our
annual Tacoma March & Rally For Justice marking
the date of Leonard's arrest will be focusing on this new campaign. For more
information on this new campaign please go to:    This event is co-sponsored by The Northwest American Indian Movement.
The Native People's Alliance, and The Tacoma Leonard Peltier Support Group.
TACOMA LEONARD PELTIER SUPPORT GROUP
P.O. BOX 5464
TACOMA, WA 98415-0565
E-MAIL: bayou
  UNTIL FREEDOM IS WON!
   STATEMENT FOR THE FEBRUARY 9TH, 2002
   INTERNATIONAL DAY IN SOLIDARITY WITH LEONARD PELTIER
   TACOMA MARCH AND RALLY FOR JUSTICE
   Leonard Peltier, (Lakota/Ojibway) American Indian Movement (AIM) activist,
has been locked for the Last 27 years, having been framed by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation (FBI) on the charge of killing two FBI agents at a
firefight between the FBI and AIM on the Oglala Lakota Pine Ridge
Reservation. The FBI was at Pine Ridge as a part of the plan to suppress the
traditional Lakota people and their AIM supporters for their opposition to
the illegal theft of Lakota land for uranium mining. In the two years before
the firefight over 60 Traditional Lakotas and AIM members had been murdered
by a death squad on Pine Ridge. On the day of the firefight roads in the
area of the AIM encampment were blocked, hospitals were warned to expect
wounded and 1/8 of Pine Ridge was being illegally turned over to the U.S.
government. The FBI sent into the area of the AIM encampment two unmarked
cars in the same manner as other drive by shootings had taken place at Pine
Ridge. A firefight took place and two FBI agents and one AIM member died. In
the first trial of two AIM members they were found not guilty for reason of
self-defense. In the trial of Leonard Peltier the court would not allow
self-defense evidence, ballistics tests were falsified and witnesses were
intimidated. Even though Leonard's lawyers disproved the government's case
against Leonard in the appeals to the point that the government stated they
had no real evidence connecting Leonard to any deaths, the courts would not
grant Leonard a new a fair trial. In 1993 a petition for Executive Clemency
was filed but because of pressure by the FBI President Clinton did not
approve it.
   Currently there are two lawsuits and one appeal that are being worked on
by Leonard Peltier's legal team. For updates on Leonard's case, how to can
donate to Leonard's legal fund please go to the Leonard Peltier Defense
Committee web site at:    The Tacoma Leonard Peltier Support Group, Native People's Alliance, and
The Northwest American Indian Movement are co-sponsoring the Annual
International Day In Solidarity With Leonard Peltier March And Rally in
Tacoma, WA on Saturday, February 9, 2002. February 6th marks the 27th year
since Leonard's arrest. Our annual event is always held on the Saturday
after February 6th so that more people can attend.
   We are committed to keeping Leonard's case out in the public UNTIL FREEDOM
IS WON! This is an important time in Leonard's case with the two lawsuits
and the new appeal being filed. Public support for Leonard is needed if
there is any hope for justice for Leonard. Please, we ask you that if you
can to please join us in Tacoma for our march and rally. We are also in need
of donations for our on going campaign. Please send them to: NWLPSN, c/o
SLPSG, P.O. Box 2514, Seattle, WA 98111. Please, if you can, past this
information on to others. Thank you.
  IN THE SPIRIT OF CRAZY HORSE
Harold Belmont     Steve Hapy Jr     Arthur J. Miller
Native People's    NW AIM            Tacoma LPSG
TACOMA LEONARD PELTIER SUPPORT GROUP
P.O. Box 5464
Tacoma, WA 98415-0464
E-Mail: bayou
  FEBRUARY 6, 2001 MARKS 27 YEARS OF SHAME
  RENEW YOUR SUPPORT FOR LEONARD PELTIER!
  Nearly 27 years ago, on February 6, 1976, Leonard Peltier was arrested.
 >From that day forward Leonard Peltier has lived his life from the confines
  of a prison cell.  For some, the 27-year-old struggle to free Peltier has
  become hopeless and mundane, with the same efforts, the same obstacles, and
  the same defeats year after year.  For Leonard Peltier, time passes even
  slower; with the same prison walls and the same prison clothes, and the
  routines never changing.  For Leonard Peltier, February 6 approaches like a
  nightmare that seems inevitably to repeat itself, bringing the realization
  of yet another year spent in prison, away from family, friends and an
  ever-changing world.
  However, the year 2002 will be far different than any other.  For the first
  time the FBI and other officials will be directly challenged for lying and
  deceiving those who had the authority and duty to correct this grave
  injustice long ago. Also, the year 2002 will very likely involve the
  exposure of evidence suppressed for decades, shedding new light upon
  Peltier's case and the struggle from which his case was born.
  Let's mark February 6, 2002 by renewing our commitments and active support
  and by preparing for the months to follow.  Without you, hope for justice
  collapses.  With you, the year is bound to bear many promising
  developments that could very well lead to freedom.
  Until Freedom Is Won!
  The New Peltier Justice Campaign
  Leonard Peltier Defense Committee
  PO Box 583
  Lawrence, KS 66044
  785-842-5774

@_date: 2002-02-08 11:35:23
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: DEFENCE of NECESSITY. 
"acting in order to prevent a greater crime."Like shooting down a jacked jet.Two people who demonstrated against Britain's biggest arms fair are on trial next week (11-13) charged with "obstruction of the railway" an offence which carries a maximum penalty of two years' imprisonment. The two were nicked after handcuffing themselves to the doors of a Docklands Light Railway carriage. They were trying to prevent delegates from Angola, Turkey and various other renowned supporters of human rights, arriving at the conference which in 1999 was found to be selling anti-personal mines in clear breach of the UK Anti-Landmines Act. The pair will be defending themselves on the grounds that they were acting in order to prevent a greater crime. Show your support outside Snaresbrook Crown Court, 75 Hollybush Hill at 9:30am Monday. Campaign Against Arms Trade 0207 2810297 Australia's Tabloid TV stations lost face big-time last Tuesday when they fell for a story about a gang of jobless sewer-dwellers plotting and getting militant in Melbourne. Gutter journalism sank to a new low when the country's biggest stations both paid for an expose on a fictional group of bin-raiding drain-dwellers called the Dole Army. The unemployment activists behind the hoax are happy with the attention - their  website received thousands of hits after the TV 'exposes' - "They lapped it up like dogs," said one Dole Army rep.
I larfed till I stopped,professor rat.

@_date: 2002-02-08 11:30:51
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: One to warm the cockles of Otto Reich's heart. 
Despite a ban on all demonstrations by Munich Council 10,000 people still protested against the NATO Conference on Security Policy last weekend, where government officials hobnobbed with 500 odd military experts. Central themes were the planning of current and future wars, the establishment of powerful mobile strike forces and the development of new billion-dollar weapons systems. A few days before, the city council passed a law declaring all protests during the Conference illegal. The whole city was declared a 'red zone', road blocks, were set up preventing people getting to Munich by train, coach or car, known activists were warned in letters and phone calls not to protest, organized info points and sleeping places were closed down and several people were arrested before it all began. The police then desperately tried to prevent meetings and spontaneous demonstrations during the next three days, arresting people at random - 849 people in total - including a speaker at a press conference! Bans on demos are common in Germany, with one protestor telling SchNEWS "People usually still go ahead but it gives the cops more powers to nick people." The main Trade Union building was surrounded by police for several hours, with people complaining that the last time the police threatened an official trade-union building was in 1933 when the Nazis seized power.

@_date: 2002-02-08 11:22:28
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Purging 90% of the human genome 
Send it in to the LAPD lab for crime scene analysis?
 >>Some journalists are now claiming that our lab was involved in engineering HIV for use against homos and homo sapiens.
This journo thinks there was a swap somewhere.

@_date: 2002-02-08 11:12:58
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Spoonerism's,the best argument for anarchism. 
A great but little-known nineteenth-century American, Lysander Spooner.
Spooner's position was simple. There is a moral law, which in essence we all learn in early childhood, even before we know our math tables. Basically it is this:
Don't harm other people. The principle is simple, even if its applications may occasionally be difficult.
 From this, Spooner reasoned, it follows that no state should exist. Nobody can claim the power to change the moral law or a monopoly of the authority to enforce it. But the state claims the right to do both. It tries to change the moral law by legislation, which is falsely thought to add to the moral duties of its subjects; and it insists that only it may define, outlaw, and punish wrongs.
The results of the states claims include war, tyranny, slavery, and taxation. Human society would be better off without the state.
The best argument for anarchism is the twentieth century. One scholar, R.J. Rummel, calculates that states in that century murdered about 177 million of their own subjects - and that figure doesnt even count international wars. Its inconceivable that private criminals could kill that many.
A great but little-known nineteenth-century American,
Lysander Spooner.
Spooner's position was simple. There is a moral law, which in essence we
all learn in early childhood, even before we know our math tables.
Basically it is this:
Don't harm other people. The principle is simple, even if its
applications may occasionally be difficult.
 From this, Spooner reasoned, it follows that no state should exist.
Nobody can claim the power to change the moral law or a monopoly of the
authority to enforce it. But the state claims the right to do both. It
tries to change the moral law by legislation, which is falsely thought to
add to the moral duties of its subjects; and it insists that only it may
define, outlaw, and punish wrongs.
The results of the states claims include war, tyranny, slavery, and
taxation. Human society would be better off without the state.
The best argument for anarchism is the twentieth century. One scholar,
R.J. Rummel, calculates that states
in that century murdered about 177 million of their own subjects - and
that figure doesnt even count international wars. Its inconceivable that
private criminals could kill that many.

@_date: 2002-02-08 10:57:41
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Tim May,terrorist suspect. 
When Tim talks about a *new TV*,I think its time to stock up on iodine caps and head for the hills.The freak has long planned to wipe out Berkeley where too many good people know of his evil deviancy.He's covered for this targeting with the codeword Wash.DC.Its not surprising that he's evaded the dragnet for the Wales hit for this long with such pure rat cunning.Still,even a greasy,lying weasel can sense the approaching armies.Its time to go out with a BANG!
They'll talk about the curt saxon of corralitos for centuries...The guy who singlehandedly set off the San Andrarse.
"A time comes when Empire finds itself a prisoner of history. ... But the history of Empire is world history and belongs to many people. A Republic is not obliged to act upon the world. Empire, on the other hand, must put forth its power." GG.

@_date: 2002-02-08 10:21:53
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Brazilian labor unionist critique of WSF (fwd) 
Thank you comrade Choate for your valuable contribution to the vangaurdist progressive elements in the cypherpunk politburo.
When comrade Jei reports I'll forward to the central committee.SMASH the REVISIONIST RUNNING DOGS of CAPITAL!
(jamesd for the memories!)
Actually this points out graphically some of the traps and snares on the path to workers control.Id like to see Jei source more independent news and maybe some narconews as well? Things are looking up for this list.
One minor point...you know that pile of west coast shit,May called you a *rodent*,when are you gonna' get your motor running over there to tear him a new one? I'll help with expenses.Kill the president,(and that shitfaced gun nut tim may) pr.
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-08 09:23:50
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RSA linked to Wackenhutt.Set to go South? 
, W$U: "RSA Data May Be Sold in Stock Deal." Security Dynamics Technolgies, Inc. is in talks to buy closely held RSA Data Security Inc., the dominant supplier of privacy technology for the Internet, for stock valued at about $200 million. Industry executives said Security Dynamics may hope to combine its proprietary technology with standard encryption software from RSA, which could yield products that can be used with a broader array of computer products. Some of RSA's partners may be taken aback, since few are familiar with relatively obscure Security Dynamics. The largest single RSA shareholder is Addison Fischer, founder of a Florida security-products concern called Fischer International. FIX_rsa
Addison Fischer is a LIFE member of ex-intelligence officers club.Wackenhutts board is stacked with ex-Spooks.
Its also based in Florida.Where theres smoke down there...

@_date: 2002-02-08 09:14:30
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Teen Anarchist's Supporters Accuse FBI Of AIM Hack, 
>>Laura Bosley, a spokesperson for the FBI's Los Angeles field office, declined to say whether the FBI would commandeer someone's AIM account as part of an investigation, citing its ongoing nature. But she said FBI agents would never harass associates of a suspect. <<
The Victorian police have been using my commandeered laptop to issue absurd death threats here like the one to push laura in front of a bus and turn the shrubs head into a watermelon.Kill the president and all his insane clown posse.pr.
"Imagine for a moment that as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust, or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. A person whose actions are so abusive or improper that the citizenry shouldn't have to tolerate it. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount: The amount they, themselves, would be willing to pay to anyone who "predicts" that officeholder's death. That donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a central registry organization, and be totaled, with the total amount available within seconds to any interested individual. If only 0.1% of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head."Saint jim of Lompoc.

@_date: 2002-02-08 07:55:02
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Jim and Jill went up the hill. 
>>So I will stop useing cypherpunks for storage if > proff11,jeri and you dear Jim will stop using it for > storage.
I'm using it for more than just storage and I will respect limits.IE. Not exceed hard spam posts.I'm also combing the archives and collecting a "best of".I'm not spamming anyone directly,(yet) as I have been with low quality I remain available for reasoned debate/discussion,even with suspected police and suspected CALC morons.
"Anarchy is not lack of order. Anarchy is lack of ORDERS."

@_date: 2002-02-08 07:54:23
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: RE: list spam, game theory,etal. 
>>Until mattd made his actual purposes known (i.e., that this > is seen by him as a free archive service), <<
Interesting who's objecting,the fools,liars and knaves are coming out of the rotten woodwork.
 >>I had > [personally] lumped him in with Jei - vocal, but useless. You are not sufficiently suspicious and cynical. <<
Stupid and cynical in your case,jamesd
 >>Observe that the three people who are spamming and trolling this list have similar political views,<<
I've argued with choate and jei,your a selective quoter or liar for short.
  >>views whose implementation requires a large and powerful state. <<
This is slander.If you said that to my face I would do you physical injury.I am an anarchist,25 years ago I was a labor voter,(once) and majihuana party once.Jamesd in his youthful foolishness spent SIX,(6!)YEARS in various authoritarian socialist groups/parties.Since then he's become a notorious online liar.(URLs available in archive and direct from me)
Tailgunner joe's got nothing on jamesd,fucking lying scumbag and poor loser.

@_date: 2002-02-07 14:37:28
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Not Tehelka,but quite funny. 
Political power comes out of a videocamcorder lens.Anyone on this list speak Arabic? If Al-Qaida used APster it would cut down on innocent civilian deaths.The criminals in power will be held in the deepest contempt when the truth gets out.
They should leak APster information ASAP to save their own scurvy hides.(for a little while anyway.)
An often overlooked nation that has been condemned by the International Court of Justice for the "unlawful use of force" (terrorism)is the U.S. This occurred in 1986 after the U.S attempted to "liberate" Nicaragua. I'm actually surprised that pretzel factories around the world haven't been bombed yet. Political power comes out of a videocamcorder lens.Anyone on this
list speak Arabic? If Al-Qaida used APster it would cut down on innocent
civilian deaths.The criminals in power will be held in the deepest
contempt when the truth gets out.
They should leak APster information ASAP to save their own scurvy
hides.(for a little while anyway.)
An often overlooked nation that has been condemned by the International
Court of Justice for the "unlawful use of force" (terrorism)is
the U.S. This occurred in 1986 after the U.S attempted to
"liberate" Nicaragua. I'm actually surprised that pretzel
factories around the world haven't been bombed
yet.

@_date: 2002-02-07 14:29:59
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Im a BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN! "I HAVE SINNED!" 
Murderer Robert Yates testifies openly about his faith to other inmates and

@_date: 2002-02-07 14:00:18
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Life in the 4th Reich. 
Arrested in NY (english)
by watchoutfortheman 12:36am Thu Feb 7 '02
Rough treatment for youth protesters...
First of all, I'm sure people have had far worst experiences from cops than me but all those I protested with made a specific point not to break the law and we were still targeted and arrested. That is wrong and pisses everyone off, no matter how poor or harrased by the police you are.
I was arrested at the earth/animal rights march. I was immediately strapped into plastic cuffs so tight I was in constant pain. My hands turned purple and my thumbs and fingers went numb. The numbness wore off eventually and turned into excruciating pain, the feeling as if my hands would start hemorraghing through the pores so much blood was being forced into them. I was in those cuffs from the street, to the van and van ride and into a holding facility in an old Brooklyn naval base for a total of about two hours. My thumbs are still numb three days later. Some of those cuffed were screaming and writhing on the van floor the pain was so excruciating. I whistled to try to lighten the mood a little but no one could focus on very much but the pain. Some people were in those cuffs for upwards of nine hours while other people's wrist's bled. The cells there were from about 10x20 feet to 20x30 feet. They were completely conctrete and these horribly bright fluorescent lights were on 24 hours a day. We were constantly being monitored by shifts of NYPD. Most people were in their cells for over thirty hours. I got about 2 hours of sleep during the time I was in the system. All throughout the night we were being led away to be "interviewed" by the cops. I didn't tell 'em a damn thing you can be sure. After a while we organized a jailhouse solidarity and would pile on people that they tried to remove from the cell. We wouldn't even allow ourselves to be finger-printed. This annoyed the cops to no end but they never forced us to do anything and so we made our point. We were fed several varieties of the finest in prison baloney sandwiches and some honey and peanut butter sandwiches, fruit, rice and spinach, milk and fake purple fruit drink. I'm thinking they must have felt sorry for us to give us all that; I think they were actually sharing there lunch with us! When they finally took me to the courthouse I got through relatively quickly, in about 3 hours although I knew of some people who had to stay there an additional night. I don't know if it matters but I was never read my rights and I was charged with three misdeamenors. They have no case against us and we think a series of class-action lawsuits is a good idea. All in all I'd say it was a good experience, our cooperation gave us some control of the situation and taught us valuable lessons about "jailhouse solidarity".

@_date: 2002-02-07 11:57:51
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Reward for whereabouts of IRA rat.1,000.000$ or B.U.Ms. 
Intelligence Flows as MI5, FBI and the Garda use American for Incredible Not many people outside of the intelligence community will have known too much about a man called David Gary Rupert. Yet the 6ft 4 inches giant who claims to have German and Mohawk indian blood in him has been at the centre of one of MI5’s most daring operations.
David Rupert was to many in republican circles a modest and mysterious American character, often flying in from the US to deliver funds raised for jailed prisoners or republican organisations.
Weighing in at over 20 stones he first surfaced at a IFC (Irish Freedom Committee) meeting in Chicago in 1997. He introduced himself as a lorry driver with no fixed address. He told members at the meeting that his real name was Scott Post. Born in Madrid, New York State he was regarded as a rebel and a loner. As a young man he went from one job to another and even crossed the Atlantic and obtained a tenancy on a bar in County Leitrim. After that he returned to the Chicago area and bought a lorry, hoping to shift haulage across the vast network of roads that cross America. All along however he mixed with Irish dissidents and fund-raisers in Chicago’s huge Irish population.
Somewhere along the line he became disillusioned and sold his truck. He was a well-known figure at meetings and became the talk of the IFC. Many believed he had contacts that wended their way to the very top of organisations like Sinn Fein and the IRA. The groups were very suspicious of US intelligence, especially the FBI who they referred to as the "FRONT for BRITISH INTELLIGENCE." Amazingly they couldn’t have been more correct.
MI5 had successfully tracked US fund-raising efforts to certain US citizens and groups through bank accounts. But they needed more information. Together with the FBI and Irish security police, they spoke to Mr Rupert who agreed to work for them as a double agent. It was a major coup.
Throughout the last four years he has supplied intelligence on fundraising, bank accounts, and recruiting campaigns. He "networked" between various rival factions and was so trusted he eventually befriended members of the Real IRA and several political organisations, such as the 32 County Sovereignty Committee. Similarly, he was befriended by Martin Galvin, a New York lawyer and the head of Noraid, the American fundraising arm of the Provisional IRA. Rupert was given codes and access to various associated groups and learned of leading personnel on both sides of the Atlantic. As Rupert forwarded donations to Ireland and elsewhere, MI5, the FBI and the Garda were carefully following the transactions, collecting details of every bank account the money was channelled through. In 1999 Rupert met with Michael McKevitt, who MI5 believe is the head of the Real IRA. Mr McKevitt is said to have introduced Rupert to other leading players in the group. And, according to sources, he handed over a £10,000 donation to ‘cement relations’.
Rupert told the Garda that the organisation was planning a series of top-level meetings at a certain location. The Irish security services planted listening devices and surveillance equipment in the room. Much evidence was apparently acquired and then the Garda asked MI5 and the FBI if it was time to act. The agencies mind was made up for them when Rupert said McKevitt had allegedly asked him to participate in a terrorist act. The Garda said that if they arrested McKevitt, Rupert would have to testify and this meant blowing his cover. MI5 knew they were about to lose one of their most important agents, but the prize they believed was worth it. Rupert agreed to testify for a massive sum of money and a new identity. He was also relocated.
The Garda swooped and arrested Mr McKevitt and charged him with "direct paramilitary operations." The trial is expected to take place in September at a special criminal court in Dublin. Since then the Garda has hinted that they have a "secret weapon" in the trial, undoubtedly a reference to the 49-year-old Rupert.
The Real IRA have been accused of the Omagh bombing in 1998, which resulted in the deaths of 29 people. There most audacious attack was the rocket strike against the SIS headquarters in London last year. Details of reward offer to pr.

@_date: 2002-02-07 10:08:00
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: list spam, game theory, etal., 
>>I had to look up the relevant post to believe it wasn't somehow being used out of context.
It is being used out of context.It meant I was happy to be left alone.I'm also happy to engage with anyone who wants to engage with me.I would post a lot less here if I wasn't mentioned.
  >>Mattd: Have you considered a distributed system to "store" your rantings and fascinations? <<
Que? Where? How? URLs?
 >>Unlike the spam content you used to [attempt to] justify your actions, you are acting deliberately, with malice aforethought as it were, <<
It occured to me 'round the time of "the mattblog that ate cypherpunks,"a couple of weeks ago.
 >>to steal the use of others [generously donated] resources. <<
"I am not a crook!"
 >>This is beyond disgusting, it's an abhorrent act. <<
Hey,this is the internet.try plovers movies,you want disgusting.
 >>Your "position" that using the archives as a storage medium is excused because you have "paid your dues" by being arrested by a completely unrelated third party (the goverment of whatever place you infest) is not sound - the exact same "logic" would allow me to break into your house and put an end to whats left of your miserable existence, without repercussions, merely because I have been arrested a few times myself. OK, more than a few, but, I digress... <<
My position on cybersquatting is one minor argument.(Its still as valid as europeans colonizing the middle east because they were persecuted where they were)If you break in my house there could be some repercussions in your general direction.What I'm doing should be compared with others like me and the *hard* spam here.Its no worse and I would argue its better because I will defend my posts,offlist if you prefer.The storage aspect is a bonus.If it annoys corporate shills like peter Trei and May syncophants like you that's another bonus.
 >>Jim, if you expunge this asshole's "storage", he will likely find greener pastures to abuse elsewhere.<<
*He* might also go postal on you and all those who would censor *him*Would you recommend some green acres?
  >>This would be an act of self-defense, not censorship.<<
How am I attacking you? Showing disrespect for your pathetic Americacentric CALC delusions?
  And I think everyone here (and maybe even mattd if he ever gets the medication he so desperately needs) <<
Zyclon B? Soviet era psychiatry?( I've got some Xanax,N.bush,if your reading.)Global warming spoiled my psylocybin.
 >>would both agree and applaud. -- Yours, J.A. Terranson <<
We all should applaud your making more than a snide,cheap shot,one line comment,pity its a low logic plea for censorship from a  Tim May suckup.

@_date: 2002-02-07 09:32:45
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: New Anarchist 
What Is Anarchism?
First off, all notions that anarchism stands for chaos, disorder, violence, laissez-faire capitalism, structurelessness, terrorism, and "everyone for themselves" needs to be abandoned in order for one to have a clear understanding of what anarchism is actually about. In fact, it can be said that anarchism is actually the opposite of all of that. However, despite this fact, a great many mis-conceptions, mis-understandings, slander, and media-portrayals of negative stereotypes of anarchists has occurred all over the world for hundreds of years. The cumulative effect of all of this has led to most people considering anarchism, especially "anarchy", as one of those things that I listed above. With most people having this negative prejudice towards anarchism, many naturally do not want to try and learn anything about it, and hence the cycle of ignorance is perpetuated.
Anarchism is the social, economic and political theory that all forms of hierarchy, domination, authority, and coercion are wrong and should be abolished and replaced with new forms of inter-acting that are based on voluntary cooperation, direct participatory democracy, free association and mutual aid. Because of these core beliefs, anarchism advocates the complete abolition of all forms of capitalism, government, racism, sexism and homophobia. Anarchism sees capitalism and government as being institutions fundamentally based upon hierarchy, domination, authority, and coercion, whereas it views racism, sexism and homophobia as being inter-personal expressions of the same things.
Anarchism sees order and organization without authority and government as being possible, desirable and, to some extent, already existing in some small forms today. Anarchism seeks to create new forms and structures of relating and organizing without government and authority, as well as expanding upon the already existing ones.
There is a wide and diverse variety of anarchists, anarchist beliefs, tactics, and visions of a future anarchist society. There are eco-anarchists, union-centered anarchists, anti-God anarchists, Christian and Jewish anarchists, pacifist anarchists, animal rights-centered anarchists, class struggle-centered anarchists, pro-technology anarchists, anti-technology anarchists, etc etc. However, the things that unites all of these anarchists is the core beliefs that I wrote above(although each individual anarchist would think about and express this core unifying sentiment in a different and unique way).
To learn more about anarchism, I suggest that you read this essay.
For an even larger and more in-depth introduction to anarchism, I recommend that you visit An Anarchist FAQ.
Some good, useful and informative anarchist web-sites that I recommend are:
Liberty For The People
Anarchy Archives
Spunk Library
Infoshop.org

@_date: 2002-02-07 08:56:09
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Check your targets,minimise collaterals. 
E-mail: turkembs 8th Floor 24 Albert Road, PO
Turkish Embassy 60 Mugga Way Red Hill ACT 2603 Tel: +61 (02) 6295 0227/28 Fax:
+61 (02) 6239 6592, Web:  Email: turkembs ...
 - 26k - Cached - Similar pages
The Turkish Embassy in Washington D.C.
1714 Massachusetts Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20036
Tel: (202) 659-8200
Fax: (202) 659-0744
E-mail: Turkish
Name of ambassador: Baki Ilkin
The Turkish Consulate General-Los Angeles
4801 Wilshire blvd. Suite 310
Los Angeles, CA 90010
Tel: (323) 937-0118 or (323) 937-0119
Fax: (323) 932-0061
E-mail: turkcgla
The Turkish Consulate General-New York
821 United Nations Plaza
5th floor
New York, NY 10017
Tel: (212) 949-0160
The Turkish Consulate General-Houston
1990 Post Oak blvd, Suite 1300
Houston, TX 77056-3813
Tel: (713) 622-5849
Fax: (713) 623 6639
E-mail: turcon
Name of consul: Vakur Gokdenizler
The Turkish Consulate General-Chicago
360 N.Michigan Ave. Suite 1405
Chicago, Il 60601-3858
Tel: (312) 263-0644
2. IN CANADA
The Turkish embassy in Canada
197 Wurtenburg
Ottawa, Ontario
K1N 8L9
Tel: (613) 789-4044
Fax: (613) 789-3442
E-mail: Turkish
Name of ambassador: Erhan Ogut
3. IN THE UNITED KINGDOM
Turkish embassy in London
43 Belgrave Square
SW1X 8PA
Tel: 0171 3930202 Fax: 0171 3930066
Closest Tube Station : Hyde Park Corner
E-mail: lacg@ urkiye.net
Turkish Consulate in London
Rutland Lodge, Rutland Gardens
London SW7 1BW
Tel: 0171 589 0949
Egitim Musavirligi
Turkish Embassy
Turkish Educational Councellor's Office,
Tigris House, 256 Edgware rd
London W2 1DS
near to Edgware Underground Station(15-20 meter)
tel no: 0171 724 1511
fax no: 0171 724 9989

@_date: 2002-02-07 08:30:59
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Aborting ashcroft 
I was sitting and waiting for the train to come when something that had been stirring in my brain for nearly a year began to ferment once again. I wasn't thinking about this "something" at all. Unsurprisingly, I was daydreaming of Emma Goldman and imagining that I might at some point in my life come close to touching upon her sincerity. In Living My Life she tells of one of her first experiences speaking in front of people. She has been strongly influenced by Johann Most and is speaking in Cleveland to a group of animated workers. She gives them a "sarcastic arraignment" and prods them to fight for more than temporary gains. It is then that an old worker rises to speak
"he said that he understood my impatience with such small demands as a few hours less a day, or a few dollars more a week. It was legitimate for young people to take time lightly. But what were men of his age to do? They were not likely to see the ultimate overthrow of the capitalist system. Were they also to forgo the release of perhaps two hours a day from the hated work? That was all they could hope to see realized in their lifetime. Should they deny themselves even that small achievement? Should they never have a little more time for reading or being out in the open? Why not be fair to people chained to the block?"
This was a turning point for Emma that impressed upon her the need for independent thinking. For some reason this particular sentiment hit me when I was tossing around the current Roe vs. Wade situation in my malcontent brain. The thought of losing Roe Vs. Wade with the impending implantation of one more demonic "supreme" court "justice" makes me grimace and choke back vomit. I do not believe in petitioning the state and this leads me to wonder what is the female anarchist role in the struggle to maintain control of our bodies? Those who will suffer from the overturning of Roe vs. Wade more than just ideologically like myself, are the poor, uneducated, people of color, i.e. the same people who always lose under Should I organize demonstrations? Should I implement abortion workshops? Should I tour the poorest areas of every city and town with information? What would be effective?
I am not writing this to supply answers or information but to provoke thought in the hopes that the thought will provoke action, and that action a reaction. I have found that when I have a question it is best to ask it because questions either supply answers or deliberation. Both of which I consider productive. It is from these humble musings that I found myself scratching at the walls of the beast. Perhaps, this particular issue seems too liberal for some. Many, in my experience, see it the way Goldman leered out over the crowd of haggard workers.
It is time that we begin to educate and organize everyone possible, from every angle. The system doesn't work and there is always a personal connection to that. For womyn, this is a good example. Let us tie every struggle into a knot (also a good birth control method) and point at the big mess of capitalism.
For information on herbal emmenagogues (stimulating menstruation) or herbal abortifacients (encouraging abortion) go to:
Astrogirl I was sitting and waiting for the train to come when something that had
been stirring in my brain for nearly a year began to ferment once again.
I wasn't thinking about this "something" at all.
Unsurprisingly, I was daydreaming of Emma Goldman and imagining that I
might at some point in my life come close to touching upon her sincerity.
In Living My Life she tells of one of her first experiences speaking in
front of people. She has been strongly influenced by Johann Most and is
speaking in Cleveland to a group of animated workers. She gives them a
"sarcastic arraignment" and prods them to fight for more than
temporary gains. It is then that an old worker rises to speak "he said that he understood my impatience with such small demands as
a few hours less a day, or a few dollars more a week. It was legitimate
for young people to take time lightly. But what were men of his age to
do? They were not likely to see the ultimate overthrow of the capitalist
system. Were they also to forgo the release of perhaps two hours a day
from the hated work? That was all they could hope to see realized in
their lifetime. Should they deny themselves even that small achievement?
Should they never have a little more time for reading or being out in the
open? Why not be fair to people chained to the block?" This was a turning point for Emma that impressed upon her the need for
independent thinking. For some reason this particular sentiment hit me
when I was tossing around the current Roe vs. Wade situation in my
malcontent brain. The thought of losing Roe Vs. Wade with the impending
implantation of one more demonic "supreme" court
"justice" makes me grimace and choke back vomit. I do not
believe in petitioning the state and this leads me to wonder what is the
female anarchist role in the struggle to maintain control of our bodies?
Those who will suffer from the overturning of Roe vs. Wade more than just
ideologically like myself, are the poor, uneducated, people of color,
i.e. the same people who always lose under capitalism. Should I organize demonstrations? Should I implement abortion workshops?
Should I tour the poorest areas of every city and town with information?
What would be effective? I am not writing this to supply answers or information but to provoke
thought in the hopes that the thought will provoke action, and that
action a reaction. I have found that when I have a question it is best to
ask it because questions either supply answers or deliberation. Both of
which I consider productive. It is from these humble musings that I found
myself scratching at the walls of the beast. Perhaps, this particular
issue seems too liberal for some. Many, in my experience, see it the way
Goldman leered out over the crowd of haggard workers. It is time that we begin to educate and organize everyone possible, from
every angle. The system doesn't work and there is always a personal
connection to that. For womyn, this is a good example. Let us tie every
struggle into a knot (also a good birth control method) and point at the
big mess of capitalism. For information on herbal emmenagogues (stimulating menstruation) or
herbal abortifacients (encouraging abortion) go to:

@_date: 2002-02-07 07:23:03
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: More Enrons 
>>It threatens to inflict unprecedented carnage upon Corporate America and horrific damage to our national economy
Now the budgets out and the USS titanic sets full steam toward the iceburgs,I feel good.If the united snakes had stuck to the serial rapist's economic line then we might have to wait many more years for the final collapse.Amerikkka's event horizon is now rapidly approaching.GREAT news! Thanks for posting.Do you Barter? LETs or BUMs?
The entire Eastern Bloc fell, almost bloodlessly, in a couple weeks, because one by one everybody realized that all that's sometimes required is to finally stand up and be counted, and to just say no to the government. When the time was right, all it took was a slight push.
Make them accountable allright,APster 'em.     2-4-2
America and horrific damage to our national economy
Now the budgets out and the USS titanic sets full steam toward the
iceburgs,I feel good.If the united snakes had stuck to the serial
rapist's economic line then we might have to wait many more years for the
final collapse.Amerikkka's event horizon is now rapidly approaching.GREAT
news! Thanks for posting.Do you Barter? LETs or BUMs?
The entire Eastern Bloc fell, almost bloodlessly, in a couple weeks,
because one by one everybody realized that all that's sometimes required
is to finally stand up and be counted, and to just say no to the
government. When the time was right, all it took was a slight push.
Make them accountable allright,APster 'em.   
2-4-2

@_date: 2002-02-07 07:03:20
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Conversation: Siva Vaidhyanathan -- Life in a Distributed 
New Scientist Article:The New Scientist has a story on open source,(2 FEB,The great giveaway.p34)
Victory predicted for 2005  Dont fergit they also predicted cold fusion.}
Any chance of a jim bell *conversation*,Death in a distributed age?
Some say that millions would die if the present techno-global fealty to work & the commodity were scrapped. But this overlooks many potentialities. For example, consider the vast numbers of people who would be freed from manipulative, parasitic, destructive pursuits for those of creativity, health & liberty." J.Zerzan.
New Scientist Article:The New Scientist has a story on open source,(2
FEB,The great giveaway.p34) Victory predicted for 2005
Dont fergit they also predicted cold fusion.} Any chance of a jim bell *conversation*,Death in a distributed age?
Some say that millions would die if the present techno-global fealty to
work & the commodity were scrapped. But this overlooks many
potentialities. For example, consider the vast numbers of people who
would be freed from manipulative, parasitic, destructive pursuits for
those of creativity, health & liberty." J.Zerzan.

@_date: 2002-02-07 06:51:00
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Teletext Terrorism 
Hey fuck those republican party,army serving,capitalist boot licking,flag waving house niggers.
Johnny Walkers my kind of nigger.
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.

@_date: 2002-02-07 06:07:34
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Martin-The Looting of America (Reagonomics, Clintonomics 
>>Both Kudlow and Seidman >make their money as senior economists for the Heritage Foundation, the Cato >Institute, other Republican so-called think tanks, economic research
 >>Most political appointees that are finance oriented and low enough to sell themselves to the highest political bidder are worse than leaches. The rest are even worse than that.
So about that Declan Mc Catohead that comes here sometimes?

@_date: 2002-02-07 05:54:16
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: INTERNATIONAL DAY IN SOLIDARITY WITH LEONARD PELTIER 
FEB 6,Assassinate your congressperson.
INTERNATIONAL DAY OF PROTEST TO FREE LEONARD PELTIER on the 25 anniversary of his arrest.
The US government claims worldwide to be a fierce defender of human rights & democracy but behind the walls of American prisons the myth collapses...
His sentence by the US government to two consecutive life terms was solely based on false testimonies made under FBI duress, on manufactured ballistic evidence & on perjury by FBI officials. Furthermore, his two co-defendants

@_date: 2002-02-07 05:53:24
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Deathjumpers in NYCity. 
1910 -- Philadelphia shirtwaist makers voted to accept arbitration offer & end strike as Triangle Shirtwaist strike winds down; see Sept 27, February 15.
"If the union had won," explained 1909 Triangle Shirtwaist Company striker Rose Safran,
"we would have been safe. Two of our demands were for adequate fire escapes & for open doors from the factories to the street. But the bosses defeated us & we didn't get the open doors or the better fire escapes. So our friends are dead."
1970 -- US: After 136 days on strike, Fisher Body workers ratified a new See John Zerzan's Organized Labor versus "The Revolt Against Work,
1910 -- Philadelphia shirtwaist makers voted to accept arbitration offer
& end strike as Triangle Shirtwaist strike winds down; see Sept 27,
February 15.
"If the union had won," explained 1909 Triangle Shirtwaist
Company striker Rose Safran, "we would have been safe. Two of our demands were for adequate fire
escapes & for open doors from the factories to the street. But the
bosses defeated us & we didn't get the open doors or the better fire
escapes. So our friends are dead." 1970 -- US: After 136 days on strike, Fisher Body workers ratified a new
agreement. See John Zerzan's Organized Labor versus "The Revolt Against

@_date: 2002-02-06 11:10:20
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Dont Hurry,Be WAPpy 
Microsoft launches MSN mobile portals
REUTERS [ WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 06, 2002  3:52:14 PM ]
LONDON: Microsoft on Wednesday said that it had launched mobile versions of its MSN Internet portal in Europe which are specifically designed for the small colour screens of handheld computers.
Two mobile MSN portals in France and Germany, for Pocket PC computers that have access to the Internet over a Wireless LAN or a mobile phone network, went live on Wednesday. British and Spanish versions will launch in coming "The launch means that for the first time a broad range of MSN content can be accessed from mobile devices," Microsoft MSN said in a statement.
The portals will have special web addresses that are different from the URLs that MSN uses for its portals that are viewed on a large personal computer screen.
The US software company, which has set itself ambitious goals to become a services and software provider to the wireless industry, also published the first usage numbers of the SMS text message version of its web-based email service Hotmail. MORE Assassinphone's to follow.
5" Computer's coming...
EW YORK: International Business Machines Corp.'s research division says it has developed a prototype of a portable computer module that is the size of a small pad of paper and has the computing power of a typical notebook or desktop computer.
The portable computing device, which IBM Research will unveil on Feb. 11 at a technology conference in Phoenix, Arizona, includes 128 megabytes of dynamic random access memory, a 10-gigabit hard drive and a microprocessor - which is the brain of the computer - that runs at 800 megahertz, or 800 million cycles per second.
"We've taken the PC down to where you can take it home and finish your work," said Kenneth Ocheltree, manager for next generation mobile at IBM Code-named "MetaPad", Should go well with the METAlstorm e-pistol.

@_date: 2002-02-06 03:53:57
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Plans to Nuke the W/House.Kill 2 presidents.Circulate widely. 
Man jailed after death threats
 From AP
February 06, 2002
A MAN who threatened to blow up the White House and cut off the heads of two US presidents has been sentenced to more than 19 years in prison.
Eric James Temple, 25, apologised, saying he had "tried to always better my life, but it always comes to a failure".
He asked US District Judge John Steele to send him to prison because he had no family and no home.
The Florida court heard Temple had mailed numerous letters to federal officials since first threatening to kill President George W. Bush, former President Bill Clinton and three federal prosecutors.
"When I come for each of you individually, I'm going to cut your heads off, rip your eyes out and cook your bodies for a holiday meal," Temple wrote in one letter to a prosecutor last October.
He also threatened to blow up the White House with a nuclear bomb.
Temple pleaded guilty in June 2001 to making threats against the presidents and the prosecutors and mailing threatening communications.
He was serving four years in jail for battery on a law enforcement officer when he began mailing the letters in January 2001. A Quiet American hero.The jim bell make a wish Foundation is working on your requests.

@_date: 2002-02-06 03:48:51
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Bob Dies needs Killing. 
COMPUTER scientists and IT specialists are on the FBI's most-wanted list as it seeks to hire 900 new special agents this year.
Following September 11, the US Federal Bureau of Investigation wants to recruit staff with special skills - particularly in information technology.
The FBI has also admitted its IT infrastructure needs a major overhaul, having had no "meaningful improvement" in six years.
"Criminals have begun to exploit technology advances, while the FBI cannot," assistant director Bob Dies said.
The bureau will invest in "correcting basic IT problems", starting with the Trilogy Program to give agents IT tools and capabilities similar to those available to business users.
Trilogy will initially provide a secure intranet for FBI offices with email and web browsers.
Automation of investigative applications will improve sharing of information.
The FBI has also launched a Joint Cybercrime and Infrastructure Protection Task Force.
Imagine for a moment that as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust, or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. A person whose actions are so abusive or improper that the citizenry shouldn't have to tolerate it. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount: The amount they, themselves, would be willing to pay to anyone who "predicts" that officeholder's death. That donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a central registry organization, and be totaled, with the total amount available within seconds to any interested individual. If only 0.1% of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head.

@_date: 2002-02-06 03:13:26
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Tim May,David Friedman killed on fogshrouded freeway 
Both were driving on the wrong side,talking on cellphones and eating pretzels at point of impact.In Penn state news,punxatawny ken saw his own shadow and went back underground for 6 months.
URL for Hail to the chimp quiz.How well do you know your president?
A psychotic is
someone who just
found out what's
going on.
— William S. Burroughs

@_date: 2002-02-06 02:08:15
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Hilarious spoof of *current affairs*shows. 
Activists con TV shows
By VANESSA WILLIAMS
A CURRENT Affair and Today Tonight have been duped by masked activists pretending to be food-scavenging, drain-dwelling bludgers raising a "dole army" on the Internet.
The group, called the Dole Army, used the stunt to promote their website and test how far the programs would go to verify stories, a spokeswoman for the group said.
ACA and Today Tonight ran the story on Monday.
In the stories, the group said they chose not to work, lived in tunnels and drains and scavenged bins for food.
Dole Army member Agent Koala, who refused to give her real name, also claimed Today Tonight footage of tunnels beneath Melbourne was actually filmed in a 10m-long tube-like structure above ground in a disused Brunswick brick factory.
Today Tonight's Melbourne supervising producer Steve Carey said his crew had assured him part of the film was shot underground. Mr Carey said the program had taken the group "in good faith".
Yesterday, he called them "faceless liars".
The show, aired on Channel 7, gave the Dole Army $1000 for their story, after the group demanded payment for an interview, because it was in the public interest for people to be informed of their activities, Mr Carey said.
Agent Koala alleged Channel 9's A Current Affair also offered $2000 to stop them talking to the rival show and gave them 30 blank digital tapes.
ACA producer Allen Craig denied money was offered but said tapes were given after the Dole Army gave them footage.
"They asked for money . . . there was no way in the world I was going to pay nameless people in balaclavas," Mr Craig said.
The Dole Army is a group of 70 activists, comprising the unemployed and employed, actors, artists and university students, which runs a website for the unemployed.

@_date: 2002-02-06 00:49:24
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: UK Food Facts. 
FOOD FIGHT "Everywhere on these Isles, rich and beautiful habitats have been ploughed, bulldozed and sprayed out of existence, not as a result of need but in response to farm subsidies" - Graham Harvey, The Killing of the Countryside This week the Policy Commission on the Future of Farming published its long awaited report on what they see as the future of agriculture in the UK. Commissioned by the government in the wake of the foot and mouth crisis, it recommends changes in the way we produce our food, namely that more money be spent on organic farming methods and subsidies towards the protection of the environment rather than for food production. Foot and mouth was just the latest in a long line of disasters to illustrate the unhealthy state of UK farming. Since the introduction of subsidies in the last few decades, farming has largely become an industrialised process just like any other manufacturing industry. Many parts of Britain could be described as agricultural wastelands, devoid of wildlife and plants. Look out across the countryside in some parts of the UK and you'll see endless fields of chemically contaminated monocrop, separated not by hedgerows but by roads and barbed wire. Over 10,000 miles of hedgerows disappear each year. 97% of meadowland has been lost since WW2, and many water courses have been heavily polluted through extensive f chemical use. Prof. Jules Pretty of the University of Essex has calculated that even before foot and mouth, the hidden costs of industrial agriculture to our health and environment added up to £2.3billion a year. It's estimated that in the last 2 years at least 40,000 people have lost their jobs in agriculture. Many people have come to accept the failures of the modern farming system as the price we have to pay for cheap food. But with the taxpayer contributing to the £3billion in subsidies paid to farmers each year, each family is actually paying an extra £10 a week. Supermarket Sweep On the face of it we'd have to agree with Tony Blur for once, who welcomed the new report saying that "the current situation benefits no-one: farmers, taxpayers, consumers or the environment." But er, sorry Tony but we think Tesco might disagree with you there. Supermarkets are raking it in, with Tesco's profits rising every year in the last decade, last year amassing over £1bn. The supermarkets' power on our food chain has become almost complete, and the result has been that our agricultural land now looks like the supermarkets they are servicing. A fifth of farms, mostly the wealthy ones in this country received 80 percent of the annual production subsides. This mis-distribution of subsidies has been compared to the government choosing to subside grocery shops, and giving all the money to Tescos and Sainsbury's. And farming just like the retail world has had it's casualties - small farms are closing all the time while the large monoculture farms (yer Tesco equivalent) keep growing. But even these big farms are being screwed by the supermarkets they serve. For example a litre of milk in March last year costs 22p to produce, farmers were being paid 17.6p for each litre, the supermarket was selling it for 35p, that's 17.4p profit for supermarkets and a bill of 4.4p to tax payer for subsidies, which means that we are subsidising the supermarkets! Overall today in the UK only 9p of each pound you spend ends up in the farmer's pocket. Food Chained Marion Shoard the author of "This Land is Our Land" told SchNEWS that this idea of environmental subsidies assumes that farmers know what's best, yet considering that they're the ones who've been busy destroying the landscape in the first place, putting our faith in them helping to restore it is a bit laughable. Marion believes that the best way to shake up our agricultural system is to get rid of subsidies altogether. She believes that land prices would then plummet and farming would become more profitable, this would then allow land to be bought by environmental and social groups for the public good. This sounded like a good idea so we tried to track down some farmers who've managed to survive without subsidies, but unfortunately we couldn't find any. Not surprising really when the price farmers get for their produce is often less than it costs them to produce it in the first place. But regardless of whether or not redirecting subsidies are the solution to our problems, nothing is likely to change until there is a serious shift in the balance of power in the food chain. The biggest villains of all are the supermarkets who've made us believe they're providing us with cheap food. The report does nothing to challenge the powers of supermarkets, which isn't surprising when you consider that Peter Davis from Sainsbury's was a member of the Committee. Professor Pretty points out "The quest for even cheaper food is at the root of all these problems. It has encouraged farmers to cut corners, compromising food safety, animal welfare and damaging the environment." * Further reading "The Killing of the Countryside" by Graham Harvey. For a history of the landownership in Britain read "This Land is Our Land - The struggle for Britain's Country" By Marion Shoard. Loads of information on supermarkets at

@_date: 2002-02-06 00:33:32
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Police attack Punks! 
A couple of weeks ago, police attacked people at a charity punk concert in Krakow. Footage filmed by Swiss journalists has been published in the main papers and shown on TV. It shows police firing rubber bullets into a relatively peaceful crowd, kicked and beating non-resisting people who were being dragged and arrested by cops, etc. etc. 44 people were arrested. 23 people are still in jail, including people who were beaten. This is no doubt to hide evidence of bruises, etc. 9 are being charged with felony assaults on police officers. (Throwing snowballs or other means of self-defense.) This is probably one of the biggest mass arrests and police brutality cases in Poland in a long time and we are asking people to help by writing about this and writing fax of protest. More information can be obtained from: ptite mailto:ptite
A couple of weeks ago, police attacked people at a charity punk concert
in Krakow. Footage filmed by Swiss journalists has been published in the
main papers and shown on TV. It shows police firing rubber bullets into a
relatively peaceful crowd, kicked and beating non-resisting people who
were being dragged and arrested by cops, etc. etc. 44 people were
arrested. 23 people are still in jail, including people who were beaten.
This is no doubt to hide evidence of bruises, etc. 9 are being charged
with felony assaults on police officers. (Throwing snowballs or other
means of self-defense.) This is probably one of the biggest mass arrests
and police brutality cases in Poland in a long time and we are asking
people to help by writing about this and writing fax of protest. More
information can be obtained From: a href="mailto:ptite eudora="autourl" (ptite)mailto:ptite

@_date: 2002-02-06 00:32:25
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Vernon Richards Obit. 
Vernon Richards His single-minded efforts helped keep the anarchist voice alive Colin Ward Monday February 4, 2002 The Guardian Across seven decades, Vernon Richards, who has died aged 86, maintained an anarchist presence in British publishing. His chosen instrument was Freedom Press, based in Whitechapel, in London's east end. He edited the anarchist paper Freedom - and its prewar and wartime variations - into the 1960s. Earlier, he had been imprisoned in 1945, written a biography of the Italian anarchist Errico Malatesta, and photographed George Orwell. Born Vero Recchioni in Soho, Vernon was the son of the Italian anarchist Ernidio Recchioni, who had escaped from what was then the prison island of Pantelleria in the 1890s, set up the famous Italian delicatessen King Bomba, in Soho, and taken part in interwar plots to assassinate Mussolini. Vernon was educated at Emmanuel school, Wandsworth, and graduated in civil engineering from King's College London in 1939. In his Soho childhood, he had been taught the violin by the conductor John Barbirolli's uncle, and had performed the orchestral repertoire. By 1934, he was becoming active in the battle against Mussolini, and, in 1935, was deported from France, where he had met the Italian anarchist Camillo Berneri, and fallen in love with his daughter, Marie-Louise. Back in London, he anglicised his name to Vernon Richards and, collaborating with Berneri in Paris, started publishing Free Italy/Italia Libera. In 1936, the year the Spanish civil war began, Vernon joined the veterans of Freedom - founded in the 1880s, it had effectively ceased publication by 1932 - to produce Spain And The World as an English-language voice for Spanish anarchists. This was at a time when the only version of events in Spain being heard on the left in Britain was that of the News Chronicle and New Statesman, supporting the Soviet-backed popular front. In October 1937, Marie-Louise joined Vernon in London, and, to give her citizenship, they married. She and their baby died in childbirth in 1949. Between the end of the Spanish civil war and the outbreak of the second world war, the fortnightly Spain And The World briefly became Revolt!, before adopting the title War Commentary. Registered as a conscientious objector, Vernon worked in a reserved occupation as a railway engineer. In 1945, War Commentary resumed the title of Freedom. The previous year, however, four of the group around the paper - Vernon, Marie-Louise, Philip Sansom and John Hewetson - had been charged with conspiring to cause disaffection among members of the armed forces. Despite a defence campaign backed by the likes of Orwell, Michael Tippett, TS Eliot and Benjamin Britten, Vernon, Sansom and Hewetson were convicted and served nine months in jail. Prison gave Vernon the chance to resume playing the violin, and indeed, form a scratch band with other incarcerated musicians. Friends regretted that he never played again after his release. He never practised as a civil engineer again either, saying that the one thing he learned in prison was the folly of pursuing a "career". Instead, he ran the family business at 37 Old Compton Street, Soho, until it was sold in the 1950s. He also worked as a freelance photographer -producing latterly famous images of Orwell in the mid-1940s - and as an organic gardener and travel courier. Convinced that the links formed by tourism were a liberatory influence, opening closed frontiers, he went to Franco's Spain and the Soviet Union. In 1968, he and Peta Hewetson moved to a smallholding in Suffolk, where, for almost 30 years, Vernon produced vegetables for the organic market. After 1951, he continued to edit Freedom as a weekly, and wrote, in weekly instalments, his continually reprinted and translated Lessons Of The Spanish Revolution (1953). He quit as Freedom's editor in 1964, but assumed the role again whenever he felt that others were pushing it in the wrong direction. It was not until the 1990s that he finally stopped writing for the paper. By this time, Freedom Press, as an anarchist publisher, had a spectacular range of books in print. Looking for the source of Vernon's single-mindedness, friends assumed that his father had set him in motion, though I once heard him dismiss Ernidio as a "bourgeois terrorist". The anarchist who influenced him most was Malatesta. In his dedication, Vernon was a quite ruthless exploiter of others. None of the group he had inspired in the 1940s - Sansom, Hewetson, and George Woodcock - were on speaking terms with him at the times of their deaths. Unable to recognise himself as a manipulator, he saw their withdrawal from his circle as proof that they had been seduced by capitalist values. At the end of the 1990s, admirers sponsored the publication by Freedom Press of four books of Vernon's photographs. In 1999, the Centre For Catalan Studies produced an album of his pictures, taken after 1957 while he was escorting holidaymakers to the then poverty-stricken Catalan village of L'Escala. For local families, the book became a precious record of their grandparents, their dignity and hard times. Peta predeceased him in 1997. · Vernon Richards (Vero Recchioni), writer and publisher, born July 19 1915; died December 10 2001

@_date: 2002-02-06 00:27:44
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarchist FAQ's 
hello all
"An Anarchist FAQ" webpage has been updated. It can be found at:
                                                    (The last address is generally updated first)
An Anarchist FAQ is an in depth introduction to anarchist ideas, ideals
and history. Find out why anarchism is opposed to hierarchy, state and
capitalism. Find out what different types of anarchism there is and why it
is also called libertarian socialism. Find out why anarchists oppose the
present system and what they aim to replace it with.
It has been updated on February 5th to mark  the birth
of German anarchist Johann Most.
Initially a social democrat, he was elected to the Reichstag
from 1874 to 1878. He was forced into exile for his
writings against the Kaiser and clergy and arrived in
London in 1878. There he published the newspaper
"Freiheit" (Freedom). An article celebrating the assassination
of  Tsar Alexander II landed him in jail for 16 months.
Upon release Most went to the United States in 1882 and
quickly became an anarchist. He continued to publish
"Freiheit" and went on lecturing tours preaching social
revolution and supporting  propaganda by the deed. After
the Haymarket events of 1886, Most shifted from his advocay
of violence towards anarcho-syndicalism. "Freiheit" remained
the focus for the rest of his life (he died in 1906). He remained
a famed orator for his "incendiary speeches" and once
remarked with enthusiasm:
"Tyrants and the bourgeoisie hate me. I hate tyrants and the
bourgeoisie. Out mutual hatred is my pride and joy."
In addition, visit the updated FAQ links page with over 750 links to
anarchist webpages, organisations, papers, magazine, books, publishers
and so on as well as many non-anarchist but related sites of interest.
This can be found at:
The best one-stop place to discover the anarchist community on line.
yours in solidarity

@_date: 2002-02-05 11:00:00
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: HP security sauce 
NEW YORK: Amid growing concerns about online privacy, Hewlett-Packard will preinstall privacy-protection software in its Pavilion personal computers sold in North America.
With the free software, users will be able to control and block cookies sometimes used by Web sites to track surfing habits. They will also be able to activate a feature that scans outgoing Internet traffic for credit card numbers and other private information that might be sent unknowingly.
Other features include an ad blocker and a password manager.
The features are part of the Freedom security and privacy package from Zero-Knowledge Systems.
YORK: Amid growing concerns about online privacy, Hewlett-Packard will preinstall privacy-protection software in its Pavilion personal computers sold in North America. With the free software, users will be able to control and block cookies sometimes used by Web sites to track surfing habits. They will also be able to activate a feature that scans outgoing Internet traffic for credit card numbers and other private information that might be sent unknowingly. Other features include an ad blocker and a password manager. The features are part of the Freedom security and privacy package from Zero-Knowledge Systems.

@_date: 2002-02-05 10:21:25
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Stephens Science project.Reviews needed. 
Book Description
This long-awaited work from one of the world's most respected scientists presents a series of dramatic discoveries never before made public. Starting from a collection of simple computer experiments---illustrated in the book by striking computer graphics---Wolfram shows how their unexpected results force a whole new way of looking at the operation of our universe.
Wolfram uses his approach to tackle a remarkable array of fundamental problems in science: from the origin of the Second Law of thermodynamics, to the development of complexity in biology, the computational limitations of mathematics, the possibility of a truly fundamental theory of physics, and the interplay between free will and determinism.
Written with exceptional clarity, and illustrated by more than a thousand original pictures, this seminal book allows scientists and non-scientists alike to participate in what promises to be a major intellectual revolution.
About the Author
Stephen Wolfram was born in London and educated at Eton, Oxford and Caltech. He received his PhD in theoretical physics in 1979 at the age of 20, and in the early 1980s made a series of discoveries which launched the field of complex systems research. Starting in 1986 he created Mathematica, the primary software system now used for technical computing worldwide, and the tool which made A New Kind of Science possible. Wolfram is the founder and CEO of Wolfram Research, Inc.---the world's leading technical software Book Description This long-awaited work from one of the world's most respected scientists
presents a series of dramatic discoveries never before made public.
Starting from a collection of simple computer experiments---illustrated
in the book by striking computer graphics---Wolfram shows how their
unexpected results force a whole new way of looking at the operation of
our universe. Wolfram uses his approach to tackle a remarkable array of
fundamental problems in science: from the origin of the Second Law of
thermodynamics, to the development of complexity in biology, the
computational limitations of mathematics, the possibility of a truly
fundamental theory of physics, and the interplay between free will and
determinism. Written with exceptional clarity, and illustrated by more than a thousand
original pictures, this seminal book allows scientists and non-scientists
alike to participate in what promises to be a major intellectual
revolution. About the Author Stephen Wolfram was born in London and educated at Eton, Oxford and
Caltech. He received his PhD in theoretical physics in 1979 at the age of
20, and in the early 1980s made a series of discoveries which launched
the field of complex systems research. Starting in 1986 he created
Mathematica, the primary software system now used for technical computing
worldwide, and the tool which made A New Kind of Science possible.
Wolfram is the founder and CEO of Wolfram Research, Inc.---the world's
leading technical software company.

@_date: 2002-02-05 08:15:55
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Journey up Brittany Spears asshole with homeland security 
A video of a cavity search of suspected terrorist symp,B.Spears is on sale at all federal Govt outlets.All proceeds to go for budget deficit reduction.
"Anarchists are opposed to violence...The main plank of anarchism is the removal of violence from human relations. It is life based on the freedom of the individual, without the intervention of the police. For this reason we are enemies of capitalism, which depends on the protection of the police to force workers to allow themselves to be exploited...We are therefore enemies of the State."Malatesta.

@_date: 2002-02-05 07:36:28
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Donald Rumsfeldt,First Dai,leek belted Llap-Goch master. 
First Dai,FULLY QUALIFIED,leek colored BELT MASTER who cares nothing for penal reform,Donald Rumsfelt will reveal only to YOU the SECRETS of Llap-Goch.
What is Llap-goch?
Its an ANCIENT welsh ART based on the brilliantly simple IDEA that is a SECRET.The best form of DEFENCE is ATTACK,(Clauswitz) and the most VITAL element of ATTACK is SUPRISE,(O.HammerSTEIN.)Therefore...the BEST way to protect yourself AGAINST any ASSAILANT is to ATTACK him before he ATTACKS you...Or better...BEFORE
the THOUGHT of doing so has even OCCURRED to HIM!
YOU may be able to RENDER your OPPONENT UNCONSCIOUS BEFORE he is EVEN aware of your EXISTANCE!
For the full photographed SECRETS of the ANCIENT welsh FIGHTing ART SEND cash and credit card details to me ASAP.I am LISCENCED and GUARENTEED Donald Rumsfeldt APPROVED Franchisee for Llap-Goch in au.

@_date: 2002-02-05 05:10:59
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Domestic Disturbance;He will do anything to protect his 
Domestic Disturbance continues a string of bad films for actor John Travolta. The General's Daughter, Lucky Numbers, and Battlefield Earth have all been cinematic losers. The film Swordfish has even been released the same week as his new film to desperately try to generate some interest.
This is all quite surprising considering that veteran director, Harold Becker (The Onion Field) and writer Lewis Colick (October Sky) were involved. One thing is for sure: Christmas came early for Paramount Pictures. The PG-13 rating is a definite gift... in DD disturbing images include a 12-year-old child witnessing a brutal murder, a mother being physically assaulted and miscarrying, a son watching his father get pounded to a pulp, and a man graphically dying by electrocution.
Travolta plays a quiet scientologist preacher who finds his extended family being pursued by mysterious internet stalkers that are raising money in cyberspace to have him and other church leaders kidnapped,tortured and slowly fed to small insects.Its almost a blessing when you realize everyone that had anything to do with its dead.No stars.
Domestic Disturbance continues a string of bad films for actor
John Travolta. The General’s
Daughter, Lucky
Numbers, and Battlefield
Earth have all been cinematic losers. The film
Swordfish has even been
released the same week as his new film to desperately try to generate
some interest. This is all quite surprising considering that veteran director, Harold
Becker (The Onion Field) and writer Lewis Colick
(October Sky) were involved.
One thing is for sure: Christmas came early for Paramount Pictures. The
PG-13 rating is a definite gift... in DD disturbing images include
a 12-year-old child witnessing a brutal murder, a mother being physically
assaulted and miscarrying, a son watching his father get pounded to a
pulp, and a man graphically dying by electrocution.
Travolta plays a quiet scientologist preacher who finds his extended
family being pursued by mysterious internet stalkers that are raising
money in cyberspace to have him and other church leaders
kidnapped,tortured and slowly fed to small insects.Its almost a blessing
when you realize everyone that had anything to do with its dead.No

@_date: 2002-02-05 04:19:04
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Did RSA lie to sarah Flannery?SELL RSA STOCK! 
Ho hum Salon article on encryption reminded me of spunky sarah,if a company is depraved enough to hire a lowlife scumbag like peter Trei it could lie to protect its pathetic monopoly.It is under SEC investigation and shifting to China.
SELL RSA STOCK! SELL RSA STOCK!
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-05 02:49:29
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: JOHN I. PI,Matthew McLaughlin, Michael A. DORN,John W. DUNN 
LA Confidential,fisting capital of southern Cali.is assaulting and stealing from reputable entertainment journalist(s)
Those leading this unconscionable attack on our friend austin powers are known as
JOHN I. PI, Affiant,Matthew McLaughlin, Michael A. DORN,John W. DUNN and CW(cooperating witness and dead duck)
Funds need raising in cyberspace or anyplace to pay the reasonable expenses of the person(s) unknown that most closely predicts the departure from public service of any or all of the above.Actually anyone silly enough to be working for or with the feds these days.Monies left over may go towards the retirement gift to judge JENNIFER T. LUM
Ya Basta!
"Terrorism really flourishes in areas of poverty, despair and hopelessness, where people see no future."colon Bowell.
LA Confidential,fisting capital of southern Cali.is assaulting and
stealing from reputable entertainment journalist(s)
Those leading this unconscionable attack on our friend austin powers are
known as JOHN I. PI, Affiant,Matthew McLaughlin, Michael A. DORN,John W. DUNN and
CW(cooperating witness and dead duck)
Funds need raising in cyberspace or anyplace to pay the reasonable
expenses of the person(s) unknown that most closely predicts the
departure from public service of any or all of the above.Actually anyone
silly enough to be working for or with the feds these days.Monies left
over may go towards the retirement gift to judge JENNIFER T. LUM Ya Basta!
"Terrorism really flourishes in areas of poverty, despair and
hopelessness, where people see no future."colon Bowell.

@_date: 2002-02-05 01:47:59
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Amerikkkan Empire. 
1899 -- Revolt against the non-imperialist benevolent
peace-loving US occupation forces begins in the
Philippines. The Islands became a U.S. colony
following the Spanish-American War, ostensibly fought
to free Cuba from foreign control (sic). Explained the
Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader president of the
Philippine Commission:
"We propose to stay there indefinitely in working
out this good that we propose to do them."
This good meant the US terrorized the nation & killed as many as
300,000 men, women & children, mostly civilians. It also herded
civilians into concentration camps. It had promised the country its
freedom, but reneged.
1899 -- Revolt against the non-imperialist benevolent peace-loving US occupation forces begins in the Philippines. The Islands became a U.S. colony following the Spanish-American War, ostensibly fought to free Cuba from foreign control (sic). Explained the Beloved & Respected Comrade Leader president of the Philippine Commission:
"We propose to stay there indefinitely in working out this good that we propose to do them."
This good meant the US terrorized the nation & killed as many as
300,000 men, women & children, mostly civilians. It also herded civilians into concentration camps. It had promised the country its freedom, but reneged.

@_date: 2002-02-04 15:25:26
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Counterpane is full of shit.Bruce Schneier and Tom Rowley need 
About The World Economic Forum (from counterpane's website.)
The World Economic Forum ( based in Geneva, Switzerland, is an independent organization committed to improving the state of the world. Funded by the contributions of 1,000 of the world's foremost corporations, the Forum acts in the spirit of entrepreneurship in the global public interest to further economic growth and social progress. The Forum serves its members and society by creating partnerships between and among business, political, intellectual and other leaders of society to define, discuss and advance key issues on the global agenda.
Incorporated in 1971 as a foundation, the World Economic Forum is impartial and not-for-profit, and is tied to no political, partisan or national interests. In 1995 the Forum was awarded NGO consultative status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
The company is funded by Accel Partners, Amerindo Investment Advisors, Inc., Bessemer Venture Partners, Dell, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Equity Fund. Headquarters are located at 19050 Pruneridge Avenue, Cupertino, California, USA. Phone: 408.777.3600, Fax: 408.777.3601, Website: Id like to see them fend off APster.
About The World Economic Forum (from counterpane's website.)
The World Economic Forum
based in Geneva, Switzerland, is an independent organization committed to
improving the state of the world. Funded by the contributions of 1,000 of
the world's foremost corporations, the Forum acts in the spirit of
entrepreneurship in the global public interest to further economic growth
and social progress. The Forum serves its members and society by creating
partnerships between and among business, political, intellectual and
other leaders of society to define, discuss and advance key issues on the
global agenda. Incorporated in 1971 as a foundation, the World Economic Forum is
impartial and not-for-profit, and is tied to no political, partisan or
national interests. In 1995 the Forum was awarded NGO consultative status
with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations. The company is funded by Accel Partners, Amerindo Investment Advisors,
Inc., Bessemer Venture Partners, Dell, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, and
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Equity Fund. Headquarters are located at 19050
Pruneridge Avenue, Cupertino, California, USA. Phone: 408.777.3600, Fax:
408.777.3601, Website:
Id like to see them fend off APster.

@_date: 2002-02-04 15:14:24
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Spleen transplant. 
The View From Leftward Ho
They call it "blogging," those onomatopoeic right-wingers … the practice of jotting down your immediate thoughts on how all liberals are scum on your personal website. I don't have personal website, but theSpleen'll do for a little blogging in the opposite direction of my own.
IMPRISON THEM ALL AND LET FIDEL SORT THEM OUT: There are plenty of things not to like about Camp X-Ray in Guantanamo Bay. I won't get into them all, but one thing in particular strikes me as particularly fucked up. It hasn't been played up much, but one of the reasons the Bush Administration has given for holding prisoners captured in Afghanistan at the military base - and not in the US itself -- is that they are "among the most dangerous, best-trained, vicious killers on the face of the earth," according to Donald Rumsfeld.
Wouldn't want those vicious fuckers in the heart of America, now would we? Hell, they might escape and kill a bunch of Americans! But we've solved that, see? This way, if they escape, they'll only kill a bunch of dirty commie Cubans! And who cares about Cubans? They're a nation of degenerates who think parents' custody rights to their biological offspring supercede the rights of second cousins twice-removed!
Still, there would be a certain perverse logic to having "Tony al-Montana" in a Havana holding cell, proclaiming: "Dere ees noteen joo can do to me dat Rumsfeld has not done already!"
PERCENTAGES OF POPULATION: I have a gripe with a particular rhetorical device. It's when somebody evaluates an atrocity in terms of the percentage of the total population killed, rather than the actual number of deaths. It goes something like this: "Let us not forget that those who died in (Dresden/Hiroshima/Mae Lai), as a percentage of the overall population, represent (five, 50, 500) World Trade Centers blah blah blah …" We've all heard this one in recent weeks, mostly from the left, but also from Ariel Sharon, who described several hundred Israeli dead in the latest Intifada as "our own World Trade Center" in terms of percentage of the population.
Probably the most bandied about example of this is East Timor, where various writers describe the 200,000 Timorese killed by the Indonesian military and militia groups as "greater than the Holocaust" in terms of … you guessed it.
What's my problem with this? It's stupid. 200,000 dead people is horrific enough without trying to somehow make it seem worse than 6 million plus dead people. And the reverse logic is inescapable: 6 million divided by 200,000 equals 1 Timorese life is worth 30 Jewish lives. Somehow, I don't think the writers who employ the population percentage trick really want to say this.
And we can take it even further. Roughly 3,000 people died in the World Trade Center. The total population of the US is about 300 million. Now just keep this in the back of your head and bear with me. Imagine a fictional Indian living in the Northern California wilderness in the early part of the last century. A group of anthropologists convince him to move into their museum - to become sort of a "living exhibit." He contracts tuberculosis and dies. The anthropologists, by bringing him into an environment where he would come into contact with diseases his immune system was woefully unprepared for, essentially killed him.
Here's the kicker: this guy really existed. His name was Ishi and he was the very last Yahi Indian alive in the world. Therefore, the anthropologists -- Alfred L. Kroeber and Theodore T. Waterman - are guilty of precisely 100,000 World Trade Centers. Just do the math.
Oh, and I happen to know a guy trying to liquidate a warehouse full of Alfred L. Kroeber and Theodore T. Waterman urinal targets. Send me an email if you're interested.
IN THIS CORNER … A BUNCH OF CREEPS: The website I love to hate, nationalreview.com, has a new in-house "blogging" board called "The Corner." In it you'll find such delightful debates as this one:
Mark Krikorian: "We should call the terrorists 'POWs' before we blow their brains out!"
Jonah Goldberg/Rich Lowery: "You bleeding heart! We should call them 'unlawful combatants' before we force them to choke to death on their own The nice thing about The Corner is that these armchair commandos basically post their gut reactions to the news of the day, without the self-editing they presumably conduct for their lengthier columns. (The joys of blogging.) So you get to see the full blackness of their hearts in each shameless display of hypocrisy-ridden, self-important drivel. Like this proclamation from Goldberg: "The pressure to 'internationalize' or 'Nurembergize' a war crimes trial would be monumental. If these guys go [to] the Hague, I'm lying down on the tarmac to stop it."
Apparently Golberg thinks "lying down on the tarmac" involves delivering a running commentary of smirking recriminations from a syndicated pulpit. But for sheer blindness to the principle that rules of conduct ought to apply to "us" as well as "them," this comment from Mark Krikorian in The Corner takes the cake: "… the foundation of the customary law of war is that non-combatants must not be killed, and if you kill them, your life is forfeit -- and it's very much in our interest to reinforce this basic concept."
Either Krikorian is blissfully ignorant of the implications of this statement for certain American military planners, or I'm a formulaic Jonah Goldberg punchline.
MORE ON 'GITMO': Andrew Sullivan is a fairly reasonable guy, for such a deeply conflicted cunt. I think I like him the most out of the right-wing pundits, maybe because his conservative/Catholic/gay inner struggle makes him seem very human to me. I particularly like his recent attacks on mainstream journalists who've accepted Enron cash. But other times he morphs into the worst sort of representative of all his many identities, a kind of kill-em-all God botherer flinging balloons full of pink paint at "breeders." Here's his take on the Camp X-Ray prisoners: "These terrorists are not soldiers. They are beneath such an honorific. They are not even criminals. In that respect, Dick Cheney's and Donald Rumsfeld's contempt for the whines of those complaining about poor treatment is fully justified."
So they're not "soldiers." Hmm, well actually … okay, whatever. But they're "not even criminals" either? So what exactly is lower than a criminal? An evil non-human who must be executed on sight? "Terrorists!" Sullivan would exclaim. But what does this mean? The way the Bush Administration is playing it, al Qaeda members are "unlawful combatants." This means they're in the category of foreign spies and saboteurs captured domestically - something that happened during the Cold War, both by the US and the USSR. Regarding their treatment and rights, it's useful to point out that US spies captured in the USSR were generally given the brush off by the Americans. So I suppose there's some merit in arguing that since the US was willing to abandon its own unlawful combatants when they were captured (mainly to avoid embarrassment), the ones it captures can't expect better There would be some merit in that argument … IF these guys had been captured in the US. But they weren't. The Red Army never raided Quantico and captured a bunch of "unlawful combatants in training." You'd be reading this with all three eyes from behind your radiation mask if they had. Seeking the justification or non-justification for Camp X-Ray in historical precedence, international law, the Geneva Accords or even the US Constitution is certainly proper, but ultimately the issue boils down to our ideals of ourselves as a society, and the practical safeguards we have put in place to ensure that we maintain those ideals.
Plainly put, we consider ourselves an open society, and a crucial safeguard to maintaining our society as such is transparency in our elected government's pursuit of justice against those who harm our citizenry. This is a fundamental part of the "checks and balances" system we consider to be the most practical means available to make real the notion that particular minorities or majorities ought not to have runaway power over other people's lives.
This is not a simple situation by any means, however. It's certainly complicated by the fact that these are foreign nationals we're talking about. It's a bit more intuitive to say we want trials of US citizens to be transparent, because we happen to be US citizens.
Nor is "transparency" ever really possible in the ultimate sense. We all have to basically just trust each other - and our government and hopefully our media - on a regular basis.
All fine and well. And we may ask ourselves whether our Constitution applies to these prisoners in Camp X-Ray. But a more important question in my opinion is what do the core principles that gave rise to the Constitution have to say about this situation? Principles like: It's important to make sure that governments don't go around torturing, imprisoning and executing people in secret.
A LITTLE BIT OF ENRON: Since I'm not dealing with the news itself, but rather conservative reactions to the news, it would be criminal not to say a few things about Enron. I particularly love the line about how the collapse of Enron is a "triumph of capitalism" … parroted by Goldberg, among others. Why do I suspect that all these brave capitalists weren't exactly lining up to call Jimmy Hoffa's pilfering of Teamster pension funds "a triumph of labor organizing"? (Maybe because Goldberg wasn't even born back then?)
Another funny bit of scrambling by the right came with the release of a NY Times poll revealing that 58 percent of respondents think the Bush administration is "hiding something" about Enron … while, get this, JUST 9 PERCENT THINK BUSH & CO. ARE "LYING" ABOUT THE FAILED ENERGY COMPANY! The distinction between "hiding something" and "lying" is getting big play amongst right-wingers - who presumably would have commuted John Wayne Gacy's death sentence … seeing as how, while he certainly did HIDE a bunch of bodies under his house, he never LIED about them being there.
So there's my first "blogging" attempt, perhaps it won't be the last.
by damon poeter
bangkok, thailand

@_date: 2002-02-04 13:43:11
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: : "we want to create a jail without walls" 
If this means less chance of superstrains of TB,AIDs,HEP C,etc,etc then bring it on.Tech savvy punks might find ways to cheat it anyway.
"The intelligent man who is proud of his intelligence is like the condemned man who is proud of his cell."
If this means less chance of superstrains of TB,AIDs,HEP C,etc,etc then
bring it on.Tech savvy punks might find ways to cheat it anyway.
"The intelligent man who is proud of his intelligence is like the
condemned man who is proud of his cell."

@_date: 2002-02-04 13:42:42
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: fbi raid anarchists house & web site/raisethefist, 
Beavis:...go > in with > your eyes open!
Butthead:I hope the kid goes on to execute those who ordered his arrest.
me-The permanent retirement of ANY Govt employee? "Id buy that for a dollar!"
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-04 13:14:20
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarcho-feminist action in Warsaw. 
Poland, Warsawa: Action at Mercedes
On saturday 26th, an action at a Mercedes dealer was organised in Warsaw by the Polish anarcho-feminist group Emancypunx and people from the German autonomist movement. The action was a protest pointing at the very low and belated compensation money that the East European ex slave workers in Mercedes III Reich factories received. The action consisted of fake "tax collectors" who came to the car sales salon and marked all the cars with stickers saying they are being seized for the unpaid money. According to our correspondents, it took a while to the sales personel to figure out it was bogus.
Couple of WEF stories.Cops want to pick fights with anarchs.They will pay

@_date: 2002-02-04 13:05:10
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Human,civil and animal rights trampled by NYPD P.I.Gs.There 
An estimated 400 protesters gathered in the late afternoon on the east side of Central Park for an "earth and animals" march, part of the weekend's anti-WEF actions in New York City. Many marchers carried posters of mutilated beagles and monkeys, a reminder of the animal cruelty practiced by Huntington Life Sciences (HLS).
The march proceeded east on 76th street through to posh upper east side of Manhattan, surrounded by a large number of riot police -- perhaps 1/3 to 1/2 as many police as protesters. A window was smashed at a building on 76th near Lexington, reportedly the residence of a person connected to Stephens, Inc., which funds HLS.
After the window was broken, police moved in to tackle and arrest several protesters. The march was split, with part of the group heading east and others west. Chanting "same struggle, same fight, human freedom, animal rights," one of the smaller groups proceeded south, flanked by police on all sides. Near 63rd and 2nd Avenue, two of the previously divided groups were able to reunite.
Midway down the block on 63rd street between 2nd and 3rd Avenues, police again penned in protesters on all sides, giving an order to disperse or face arrest, but leaving protesters no way to exit. A police bus was brought in, and the police threatened to arrest all of the approximately 75-100 protesters present.
Eventually, representatives with the group were able to negotiate with police to let protesters depart. People were released in small groups of 2-4, spaced several minutes apart. Protesters were warned that it they attempted to regroup they would immediately be arrested. Police also threatened press (and even curious bystanders) with arrest if they did not leave the area.

@_date: 2002-02-04 12:58:50
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Nearly 1000 arrested in Germany.NATO under siege. 
The local media have played the well-known role of stirring up fear of "violence" by "leftwing extremists", who allegedly want to make Munich a "second Genoa". Thereby they have tried their best to justify heavy-handed police actions, a ban on protests and a criminalisation of protesters. They have effectively turned reality upside down by accusing anti-war protesters - and not the generals and army officials meeting in Munich - of "violence".
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.

@_date: 2002-02-04 12:39:25
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Hoax about an act of Terror. 
Here are two translated letters from political prisoner Evgeni Novozhilov, who is in forced treatment in regional mental hospital in Krasnodar, Russia. He is arrested for bogus charges of "hoax about an act of terror". He explains reasons why FSB is after him in the letters below. Evgeni is not an anarchist, but he is a human rights activist and anarchist sympathizer, he showed up in actions of Autonomous Action in his hometown. Autonomous Action of Krasnodar is organising a support campaign for him since there are no any liberal human rights organisations around to do the job. However Autonomous Action is currently trying to figure out what is the best strategy, since his mother announced that she is a friend of director of Krasnodar mental hospital and in case campaign keeps low profile, she will be able to avoid treating Evgeni with heavy chemistry (usually Russian patients in prison mental hospitals become human vegetables in few years). So, what is best thing to do now is not yet clear, but meanwhile please write letters of support to Evgeni. You can write them to his home adress, from which his mother will pass the letters further: Evgeni Novozhilov ul. Ignatova 51, kv. 105 350061 Krasnodar Russia He speaks at least English, German and Swedish. Two letters from political prisoner in Krasnodar, Russia FIRST LETTER OF EVGENI NOVOZHILOV Dear Dmitri! I write to you from mental hospital of Krasnodar area, from prison section  to where I was sent by FSB (Former KGB, Ed.) 16th of November. In my "case of Krasnodarian Babitsky" there are some new details. For clarity I will tell my story right from the beginning. Thanks to me, the paper "Krasnodarskie izvestiya" published first and last time some materials about the real side of the Chechen war 20th of March 1999. In order to have these facts known, I claimed that I was fighting in the Chechen side 1996, and gave interview to journalist Valentin Kayuk. In my story I used materials from Radio Liberty, expecially those made by Anrey Babitsky. Redaction of KI published article with header "Cannibal from cannibal island", and added "a commentary" from general Pulikovsk, in which he justified his limitless cruelty during the first Chechen war, after which he found a safe heaven under protection of Samoylenko, who was the city governor of Krasnodar those days. General said to mr. Kayuk, that it is his civil duty to give me to FSB. Which later immediately did. Since March-April 1999 I have been continuously followed by FSB. First time FSB visited my home 17th of January 2000, claiming to check my passport. They took my passport, and ordered me to show up in the police station next day. 18th of January 2000 I was examined a long while by FSB, during which they clarified with help of a lie detector that I never fought in the side of the rebels. 10th of February 21.15 four police officials came to my home, lead by capitain Portnyh. They said that I am suspected of stealing a hat from an elder lady in front of my home 8th of February. They took me to police station for interrogation but never interrogated me. They took video footage about me, after which we had a lenghty political discussion. They let me go, because my mother had come with me. They asked me to come back the following day 10 AM in the morning for interrogation with person who had lost her hat. I came, but there was no any interrogation. 12 AM they said I am not suspected about anything, but soon a person will arrive who wants to have a talk with me. However no-one came, and 5 PM they let me go when my mum arrived. mr. Putin was visiting Krasnodar 10th-11th of February 2000, which is why this "special operation" was organised against me. 27th of December 2000, a week after I had called to Radio Liberty during a discussion about Chechen war, a police officer came to my home, accompanied by FSB agent, and said "What is this hooliganism of yours in the doorway? Visit me in the afternoon". I did not came to him, since I was seriously ill then and was almost unable to leave home. 11th of September 2001 I was called to an interrogation by the city procurator of Krasnodar, to be carried by coroner Sokol. He announced that some "veterans" had contacted city procuror demanding him to find "hero" of the article published in "Krasnodarskiy Izvestiya" one and half years earlier. Protocol was written in the form of "explanation" in the name of city procurator. 5th of November coroner Konstantin Stanislavovich Linov announced me, that I am suspected of having committed a crime "hoax about an act of terror". The proof were two telephone conversations, 6th of April 2001 with my friend Igor Morozov and 3rd of October 2001 with my acquintance Viktoria Podloznyaya (which they had tapped, Ed.). 6th of April I was in bad condition due to bad medical aid to chronical piodermia (skind disease with plenty of rankling sores all around the body), and in a telephone call with Igor Morozov I noted "I would like to blow up everyone and myself as well". 3rd of October 2001 I was still suffering piodermia, and due to failure with a woman I was in a bad mood. In a conversation with Viktoria Podloznyaya I said "I had such a feeling that I would like to hijack a plane and fly to a skyscraper". This is what I explained to coroner K.S. Linov 5th of November 2001. My regional residence permission was taken away from me. I refused from a public lawyer during interrogation. I heard from a source I may not reveal, that 8th of November coroner Linov yet did not knew what to do, since he had not enough proof to open up the case. I tried to seek help from human right organisations. Sergey Grigoryants from Glasnost foundation (Moscow), and Tatyana Kasatkina from Memorial (Moscow) were interested about my case, but Moscow is far and they were not able to do anything for me. In Krasnodar there are no any normal human right organisations, and all lawyers refused to help me since I have not money, so I was not able to find any help. After 8th of November Viktoria Podloznyaya changed her testimony. This I learnt 16th of November, when city prosecutor's office started prosecution. I had no lawyer, and I refused from services of public lawyer (which are not much better than in Soviet times when their main task was to jail their client, Ed. ). The only proof against me was tapped telephone conversation with Viktoriya Podloznyaya, and her testimony. She testimoned that he took my comment seriously, so I was accused that the hoax was given to a person - Viktoriya Podloznyaya. She also claimed that I had tried suicide by cutting my vains, which I have never done. Thanks to these lies coroner managed to send me to forced treatment to closed, "half-prison" section  of Krasnodar mental hospital. 16th of November I was carried to mental hospital by coroner Linov and FSB agent. I had 38.2 degrees of temperature. Coroner and FSB agent managed to pressure hospital staff to cancelall my rights. During 30 days I went through all of the testimony. FSB passed to psychiatrists plenty of materials, such as articles from "Krasnodarskiy Izvestiya", and plenty of citates from my telephone conversations with "anti-Russian" contents. Not very surprising, that I was given a diagnose. So now, until the court I will stay in mental hospital an undefined period. Court will be carried WITHOUT MY PRESENCE and will decide will I be kept further in forced treatment. Thus I have become a political prisoner, jailed in a mental hospital. I want to say few words about Viktoria Viktoriovna Poloznyaya, born 22th of August 1972, living in the city of Anapa, Krylov street 83-2, 353410 Krasnodar area Russia, phone +7-86133-50495, mobile phone +7-902-430-3761. She works in a local trading business. We met in the beginning of 1989 in rock-club organized by Seva Novgorodtseva from Russian BBC. First half of 1990 I visited her each week, I was in love with her. We splitted in September 1990, remaining friends. We did not met during ten and half years. In May 2001 I decided to call her. She was happy. She wanted to meet with me, since she visited Krasnodar each week due to her work. However somehow we did not managed to meet. I was intruded by my old memoirs and feelings, and tried to not to give it much attention. However I figured out that the company in which Victoria is working is connected to mafia, and I supposed we would not meet since I was not from their circle. And in the end, Viktoria showed that FSB of Anapa is connected to this same circle. So she sold me to her FSB-mafia friends. This was a big strike to me. However I do not want to be bitter towards her. She just made her choice. What can I say? Now I want to tell about myself. My name is Evgeni Vladimirovich Novozhilov, I was born 3rd of November 1972 in Sochi. 1977 I moved to Krasnodar with my parents, 1979-1989 I studied in school  1990-1995 I studied in state university of Kuban, in the faculty of German and Roman filology. After finishing the university I failed to find constant work due to my difference of opinions with employers of Krasnodar area. I am interested about human rights and humanitarian activism. I have also been heavy metallist for 14 years, which is music which managers do not like since it is anti-bourgeois. So I was living with short-time contracts. I am member of Amnesty International, as well as cultural society Sverigekontakt. In the March I got a serious skin disease, very unusual form of chronical piodermia. Two years, until april 2001, I suffered plenty of short-lived rankling sores all around the body. Between summer of 2000 and March 2001 I almost did not left home. In June 2001 I managed to get better, but then FSB decided to ruin my life. Things are bad, but one must to carry on anyway. Do you know if someone would like to write me (through my home adress, Evgeni Novozhilov, ul. I gnatova 51, kv. 106, 350061 Krasnodar). Quite stupid, I guess. But I am really sad and bored. I want someone to know what is going on with me. Eugene P. S. My coroner was changed 15h of December for some reason P.P.S. Name of my mother is Galina Ivanovna Smirnova SECOND LETTER OF EVGENI NOVOZHILOV Hi, ...! 29th of December 2001 city procurator's office passed my case to Soviet raynarsud (organ which decides about forced treatment of mental patients, notorious anti-dissident tool in the soviet era - Ed.). Prosecutor's office got results of "expertice" from mental hospital 13th of December already, so two weeks they were just letting papers to collect pile... court should decide about my case until 18th of January. Without my presence. My "diagnose" was not serious - "depressive syndrome". Medical treatment is not necessary. But it is completely possible that court sentences me to half years of forced treatment. Just remember that Pasko was given 4 years of hard regime, and not more only because he gained so wide support. So talk about me, I am necessary to no-one. And prison sentence of my "crime" was increased by special presidential decree by Putin 17th of December, so now they give 5-10 years for "hoax about an act of terror". My mood has stabilized, I try not to loose my spirit. It is possible to live here anyway. In any case it is better than in prison. I am training my Swedish and English. My section has tolerable conditions. No any special problems. I even met friends with some people. They have some 45-47 persons here, most of them normal people. In any case less sick than the staff. But food is very bad, 3 times better than in a prison but 3 times worse than home. Biggest problem is lack of information what is happening in the world outside. I miss Radio Liberty. Already during one and half months I have not heard normal news made by normal people. Isolation from information depresses me seriously. My friends, as I understand, have got afraid and runned away. That is sad. I have nothing special to tell now, as you may guess. Maybe you have something to tell? Best connection is through mum, Galina Ivanovna. She can pass me letters right to my hands. No pasaran! Evgeni P.S. In November and December I did not received information bulletin of Amnesty International from London. And in December I did not received journal of Swedish cultural society Sverigekontakt. P.P.S. The worst sin is the cowardice.

@_date: 2002-02-04 12:20:11
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Is DOS. Is Good. 
Where do you want to go today? 12:55am Mon Feb 4 '02
If you consider the uncontested publicity that the winter Olympic
Games are about to receive, well, than this would be the next
The "secret" key to collapse the whole financial architecture
The enthusiasm over the succesful seizure of the WEF internet
site should not be exaggerated.
However, we should be aware of the fact that we posses
a tool by which a lot of good things can be achieved.
Some people on this newswire were eager to ask what would
be the next proper "target".
If you consider the uncontested publicity that the winter Olympic
Games are about to receive, well, than this would be the next
Olympic Games has over the past years got more and more corrupt
and filthy. This doesn`t mean that the Olympic spirit as such would have
disappeared. On contrary. The global action taken by the world community
together witnesses an unprecedented effort to explore the real spirit of
Surely it would be recognized as an effort to give rebirth(renaissance)
to a more humane and just world.
These actions would however not exclude the participation on the streetlevel.
On contrary. These two types of action go hand in hand and support eachother
in a joint effort to regain control of our lives and our society.

@_date: 2002-02-04 12:12:07
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Police brutality,bullying in NYC.Business as usual for 
This story was taken from IMC: Article by: Kathy Rosenfeld/Chicago Indymedia Saturday 02 Feb 2002 Summary:New York police harassed peaceful protests throughout Saturday\'s mobilizations against the World Economic Forum, in a display of police aggression many believe was designed to deny marchers legal access to their rally point at the WEF meetings -- and punish them for expressing dissent. Reference at indymedia website:  Article: WEF Update: An Eyewitness Account of Police Aggression In the past, whenever anyone says that police acted violently toward protesters there's been some small part of me that thinks there must have been something that provoked them. After what I saw in New York City today, even that small skeptical part of me won't be likely to doubt that cops instigate violence against protesters all on their own. Things began completely peacefully. There were lots of cops around, but their presence didn't dilute the celebratory atmosphere in Columbus Circle, where at least a thousand people gathered for the Reclaim the Streets march. In the middle of the plaza, street theater performers acted out parodies of billionaires, handing fake money to everyone to get them to go away. In one corner, members of Chicago DAN banged on pots and pans and sang in Spanish in a demonstration of solidarity with Argentina. Across the plaza, a 20-piece Samba band calling itself Reclaim the Beats warmed up the crowd, preparing to lead the march through Central Park to join the Another World is Possible contingent that was gathering at 59th and 5th. A few protestors climbed the statues to festoon them with banners, while others just hung out and enjoyed the brilliant sunshine and the festive energy. A Palestinian solidarity group behind a row of kaffiyeh scarves, an anarchist Cub Scout troupe, a group dressed as television sets displaying slogans like "Dissent is American," and a black bloc calmly walking hand in hand or arm in arm were among the many who marched through the park to meet up with the main, permitted AWIP march. After rallying across from the Plaza Hotel for at least 1/2 an hour, the march began to move forward on to its permitted route, led by huge, colorful papier mache puppets including a dragon about 40 feet long, its slogan-covered body housing a couple dozen puppeteers. As the march stepped off, police formed a solid line along the curb, not allowing the width of the march to extend off the sidewalk until it was across 5th Avenue. As the huge dragon and its accompanying fire birds went by, a line of protesters several deep was trapped between the puppet and the police, who did not budge. Several Chicago indymedia reporters were among this group, and we noticed two officers standing atop a paddywagon parked in the street, aiming a camera at the crowd. I had come out of the park amongst some of the black blocers, and it seemed to me the camera was aimed right at the spot where they had been standing, waiting to join the slow-moving march as were all the other people in the plaza. Around this time, a CIMC reporter also overheard an NYPD sergeant telling his officers to arrest anyone with a mask or shield. As we watched the march kick off, we noted that more and more of the cops behind us had their batons out and their riot shields down. The black bloc joined the march as all the other participating groups had, walking slowly forward and waiting to be allowed to cross 5th Avenue on to 59th Street. Most of the marchers had embarked by this point, but there were still several hundred people waiting to move, including many behind the black blocers-in other words, the black bloc did not appear to be bringing up the rear. As we stood watching them pass, completely without warning the cops behind and immediately to the right of us charged into the crowd, batons raised, in a cone formation. Before we knew it we were being roughly pushed back out of the plaza and on to the sidewalk, shoved against those behind us who did not have anywhere to move. The scene was chaotic, but we could tell that the same was happening to people on the other side of the plaza. Several people shouted to the cops, asking why we were being pushed when no one had done anything, and a few people were knocked down by the nightsticks and had to be helped up by fellow protesters. As we were being pushed up on to the sidewalk, practically immobilized between the line of nightsticks and the stone wall of the park behind us, an officer doused the crowd with pepper spray, hitting several people in the face at point-blank range. Meanwhile, in the now-cleared center of the plaza we could see several people being wrestled to the ground, face-down, and handcuffed by about 5 cops on each protester. While I only witnessed about a half dozen arrests, another observer later told me that he had seen a bus full of arrestees leaving this scene. Since New York 1 and CNN report 36 arrests with most occurring at this beginning point, it's probable that I missed a lot of them while I was busy coughing the pepper spray out of my throat. After a few minutes, the police allowed everyone remaining to freely cross the plaza and proceed on to 59th street. A middle aged, conservatively dressed woman beside me said that she had been knocked down by the police during the charge, and had to be helped up by 5 people. When she realized I was reporting for indymedia, she gave me a business card, identifying herself as a Cooper Union professor. Several other people around me, clearly not anarchists or black blocers, expressed amazement that the cops had charged a completely peaceful march. It was well-publicized that this permitted march was to be a green zone; many participants came expecting that they would not be exposed to arrest risk, and even direct action groups had willingly agreed to abide by this guideline. As I and countless other observers noted, the black bloc were doing nothing besides walking in the march when the police charged into their midst. The majority of them were unmasked, as well; a few wearing scarves over their faces and two or three carrying plastic shields against their bodies presented the only conceivable motivation for the cops' strike. At a televised press conference later, an NYPD spokesman said some protesters had hit cops with their shields. All I observed were police snatching the shields away from a few protesters who were trying to use them for protection. A few blocks later, at Park Avenue and 60th Street, the group of a few hundred marchers who had been divided from the others during the police charge caught up with the rest of the march, which had stopped to wait. Things were relatively peaceful for a while as we proceeded east on 60th and then south on Lexington. However, at each intersection cops in riot gear would amass in lines on either side of the march, concentrated heavily at the back near the black bloc, and followed block-to-block by a small fleet of paddywagons and a jail bus. Marchers repeatedly strategized to not allow the march to be broken up, stopping when necessary and even moving backward at some points. During this time, a few more arrests were made -- according to one observer I talked to, when a police barricade fell over and some protesters stepped on it. The march moved at a snail's pace, stopping several times as we moved down Lexington Avenue and West on to 46th Street. As the front of the march neared Park Avenue and the site of the Waldorf Astoria, the back of the march was repeatedly divided off by the police and prevented from moving for long stretches of time. It took us a good 3-4 hours to reach the permitted rally site caddy-corner to the Waldorf at 49th and Park, and when we got there -- or rather, as close to there as the cops would let us -- we found ourselves penned in by metal barricades, unable to move. Confusion mounted among protesters who did not know why they were being immobilized, and a CIMC colleague rang my mobile phone from the back of the march (I had moved forward by this time, attempting to find out what was happening) to say that people were giving up and leaving. It turned out that 3 "pens" had been set up along the West side of Park Avenue, with the cross streets separating them. The march had been divided between these pens and protesters were not allowed to move from one to the other. We were packed too dense to move freely, and police were letting people out only at a small opening at the front, and only if they agreed to leave the site. After holding us this way for what seemed like at least an hour, the cops began allowing people through to the next pen in a small corridor. I wormed my way to the front of our pen to see two crowds of fenced-in protesters separated by a sea of helmeted police. The National Lawyers' Guild legal observer standing beside me began to explain that the heads of the legal team had all this time been negotiating with the police to allow protesters through. She went on to say that the reason the march had gone so slowly was that these negotiations had to occur at every intersection because the police had changed the parade route at the last minute. As people moved forward across 48th street, an AWIP "stage manager" made people aware that they were moving into another enclosed pen, and that the planned rally could not take place because the police had taken the sound equipment. We never made it into the third area closest to the Waldorf, despite that this was the space in which the rally was supposed to have been held. A friend told me that initially one section of the march had been in this area, but the police had told them they could leave and all but 8 people did. Stage managers began calling for an impromptu spokescouncil, and after a long stretch of dancing in place to the tireless samba band, the word came down that we were going to about-face and leave the area calmly as a united group. The 800-1000 people remaining at this point put their hands on one another's shoulders and moved slowly back toward 46th street in single-file lines. The police moved the fences toward the sidewalk so that we were now penned in a space about 10-15 feet wide between them and the barricaded sidewalk. As we waited what seemed like at least another hour to be let out, protesters sang, gave one another back rubs, and raised chants such as "This is illegal detention!" and "We all have to pee!" Rumors circulated that people were being allowed to leave one at a time, and that arrests were then being made a block away from the site (upon exiting we did find out from another IMC reporter that several more people had been arrested as they attempted to leave the protest). We finally made it to the front, and were allowed to exit in groups of ten. As we did so, a legal observer shouted not to block the sidewalks or we'd be arrested. Free at last, we proceeded out into what looked like a battlezone, with riot-outfitted police and blaring sirens all around us. Seemingly under orders to keep the protest away from the Waldorf Astoria for as long as possible, the police turned what was supposed to have been a peaceful demonstration against the World Economic Forum into a tense and at times violent stand-off between protesters and the NYPD. Never allowed to approach the object of the demonstration and held for hours inside police lines, the protesters nonetheless remained calm and attempted to sustain the carnival atmosphere that had inaugurated the march earlier in the day. The only interaction with police that I saw initiated by protesters were requests and chanted demands to be allowed to go to our planned and permitted rally site, and a few requests for information about why we were being held (made mostly by me and other press). All "contact-heavy" protester-police encounters I saw were unambiguously initiated by the police.

@_date: 2002-02-04 12:01:08
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Bread and Roses 
"Bread & Roses" strike in Lawrence, Massachusetts.
The Bread & Roses strike began last month & lasts for over nine weeks.
Despite collusion by government & mill owners & their goons, strikers
not waver, even when 18-year-old Syrian worker John Rami is killed, when
Annie Welzenbach & her two teenage sisters are arrested & dragged from
beds in the middle of the night, or when 200 police draw their clubs on
February 19th & go after 100 women pickets, knocking them to the ground
beating them.
"Bread & Roses" strike in Lawrence, Massachusetts.
The Bread & Roses strike began last month & lasts for over nine
weeks. Despite collusion by government & mill owners & their goons,
strikers will not waver, even when 18-year-old Syrian worker John Rami is killed,
Annie Welzenbach & her two teenage sisters are arrested & dragged
from their beds in the middle of the night, or when 200 police draw their clubs on
February 19th & go after 100 women pickets, knocking them to the
ground & beating them.

@_date: 2002-02-04 11:48:22
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Mother Jones 
1910 -- Mary Harris "Mother" Jones addresses
Milwaukee brewery workers. Mother Jones spent
two months working alongside women
bottle-washers in one of the breweries during a
period when she was not on the United Mine
Workers payroll.
"Condemned to slave daily in the wash-room in wet shoes
& wet clothes, surrounded with foul-mouthed, brutal foremen . . .
the poor girls work in the vile smell of sour beer, lifting cases of
empty & full bottles weighing from 100 to 150 pounds, in their
wet shoes & rags, for they cannot buy clothes on the pittance
doled out to them. . . .
STORY OF THE DAY
How Neil Bush Does Business
President Bush said his education bill would be a boon for public schools and underpaid teachers; what he left out was that it was also a boon for his little brother. As Mother Jones reported last year, Neil Bush's education software company stands to make millions as a result of the new legislation. Much of the financial backing for the Austin-based firm comes from foreign investors. Currently, Bush is soliciting prospects in a part of the world his family knows well: Saudi Arabia.
Bush's Saudi Connection - Newsweek.com
Search for bushboys,an archived story on the life and crimes of the bush brothers.(and dad)
1910 -- Mary Harris "Mother" Jones addresses Milwaukee brewery workers. Mother Jones spent two months working alongside women bottle-washers in one of the breweries during a period when she was not on the United Mine Workers payroll.
"Condemned to slave daily in the wash-room in wet shoes & wet clothes, surrounded with foul-mouthed, brutal foremen . . .
the poor girls work in the vile smell of sour beer, lifting cases of
empty & full bottles weighing from 100 to 150 pounds, in their wet shoes & rags, for they cannot buy clothes on the pittance doled out to them. . . .
STORY OF THE DAY
How Neil Bush Does Business President Bush said his education bill would be a boon for public schools
and underpaid teachers; what he left out was that it was also a boon for
his little brother. As Mother Jones
reported last year, Neil Bush's education software company
stands to make millions as a result
of the new legislation. Much of the financial backing for the
Austin-based firm comes from foreign investors. Currently, Bush is
soliciting prospects in a part of the world his family knows well: Saudi
Arabia. Bush's Saudi Connection - Newsweek.com
Search for bushboys,an archived story on the life and
crimes of the bush brothers.(and dad)

@_date: 2002-02-04 11:31:27
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Michael Schirru,my hero. 
1931 -- Italy: Michael Schirru is arrested in Rome.
Two bombs were found in his hotel room which,
Schirru readily admitted, were meant to kill Mussolini.
Kill the president.
"The place where optimism most
flourishes is the lunatic asylum."
1931 -- Italy: Michael Schirru is arrested in Rome.
Two bombs were found in his hotel room which, Schirru readily admitted, were meant to kill Mussolini.
Kill the president.
"The place where optimism most flourishes is the lunatic asylum."

@_date: 2002-02-04 05:58:03
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Plumbers downunder. 
Law aims to plug leaks
By ANDREW PROBYN
WHISTLEBLOWERS who reveal politically embarrassing information could be jailed for two years under federal laws before Parliament.
Journalists or MPs who receive leaked information would risk seven years jail under the proposed laws if it related to defence or security.
The changes have been attacked as a blow to the public's right to know and as unwarranted protection for politicians from embarrassing revelations.
If the laws had existed last year, the public servant who leaked information on former defence minister Peter Reith's misuse of his Telecard could have been jailed.
So could the so-called deep throats who have exposed several MPs as travel Most of the Criminal Code Amendment (Espionage and Related Offences) Bill relates to strengthening penalties for spying that threatens national security and defence.
But section 82.3 of the Bill contains an unqualified clause with broader "A person commits an offence if the person communicates, or makes available, an official record of information, or official information," it The Bill also widens the definition of "official record of information" to include any information that someone is duty bound to keep secret.
Federal secretary of the journalists' union Christopher Warren said the Bill was worrying.
Mr Warren said the laws would stifle investigative journalism, even in situations involving public interest, by frightening would-be leakers.
"It's about increasing the secrecy of governmental operations," he said.
"The goal is to make it clear to public servants that while they might believe that blowing the whistle would be in the public interest, the personal consequences would be so great as to frighten them off."
Labor and the Australian Democrats said they would not support changes that removed protection for whistleblowers.
"Parliament is smart enough to legislate to strengthen national security while maintaining protection for whistleblowers who expose government corruption and mismanagement," Labor's home affairs spokesman, John Faulkner, said.
Democrats justice spokesman Brian Greig said: "One of the ways we keep the bastards honest is exposing the flaws of government and government Attorney-General Daryl Williams said the Bill was designed to get tough on spies and not infringe free speech.
He said he expected the legislation to be reintroduced to Parliament this

@_date: 2002-02-03 05:27:49
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: UK Train Passengers Pass By Gay Man Having Sex With Goat 
>>I guess that's what happens when you see too many American movies. <<
In England? maybe it was to much scandinavian garbage.Your closer,you fuckwit.
 >>- TV provides the accepted truth, the viewpoint, the norm, and a pattern of behaviour that some people can't help but adopt & repeat.<<
TV is not mentioned in the crap republished story you dumped here.Not that theres been a lot of goat porn on recently,are you one of lars Triers Idiots?
  >>Monkey see, monkey do. Monkee do describes your contributions,fuck off and die before we release trained killers to hunt you down.We got Olaf Palme you know.You would not be missed.(site for the day  )

@_date: 2002-02-03 04:54:24
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Call NYCpork for release of prisoners. 
Much bullying,photoeing and videoing of people peacefully petitioning for redress and dissenting as is their MOFO Constit-fucking-utional RIGHT.
People arrested for wearing SCARVES!
Complain loudly and vociferously on the phone or e-mail addy off NYPD website.Porkers need to read their APster rights.
"You have the right to roll up your gun in your uniform and throw in the river,You also have the right to move interstate and change your name and appearance.Your past may still be used against you in the court of online APster justice.Do you understand the danger you and your family are in?"

@_date: 2002-02-03 04:34:44
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Teargas,watercannon broken out for anti-WEF demo. 
ZURICH: Swiss police have used teargas and water cannons during a protest in Zurich by more than 500 people against globalization and the relocation to New York of the World Economic Forum (WEF).
Riot police moved in when the mainly young demonstrators began throwing paint and stones at buildings, burning rubbish bins and destroying a Ferrari parked near the city opera building. Last year, Zurich was the scene of clashes between police and anti-globalisation demonstrators in which heavy damage was inflicted and 120 people were arrested when the Forum took place in its usual Swiss venue of Davos.
Earlier today, the mainly young demonstrators gave speeches, notably on the issue of police violence, and distributed leaflets as world business, political and religious leaders were coming together for the Forum in New It was transferred to New York in a show of solidarity with the city in the wake of the September 11 attacks, which destroyed the World Trade Centre  ZURICH: Swiss police have used teargas and water cannons during a protest
in Zurich by more than 500 people against globalization and the
relocation to New York of the World Economic Forum (WEF). Riot police moved in when the mainly young demonstrators began throwing
paint and stones at buildings, burning rubbish bins and destroying a
Ferrari parked near the city opera building. Last year, Zurich was the
scene of clashes between police and anti-globalisation demonstrators in
which heavy damage was inflicted and 120 people were arrested when the
Forum took place in its usual Swiss venue of Davos. Earlier today, the mainly young demonstrators gave speeches, notably on
the issue of police violence, and distributed leaflets as world business,
political and religious leaders were coming together for the Forum in New
York. It was transferred to New York in a show of solidarity with the city in
the wake of the September 11 attacks, which destroyed the World Trade
Centre there.

@_date: 2002-02-03 04:21:09
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Independant iRish mediA. 
Over 100 March on Derry Arms Facility
by Graham Caswell. Reported by Amanda Moloney, Sat, October 20 2001
Over 100 activists from around Ireland today marched on the Raytheon facility in Derry at which the guidence software for the US Tomahawk Cruise missliles currently being used against Afganistan is developed. The protest, co-ordinated by the Foyne Ethical Investment Campaign, was intended to draw attention to the work being carried out at this facility. later the protestors marched through Derry city centre to the office of Derry City Council and to the office of John Hume, Noble Peace Prize winner.
100 Arrested at Scottish Nuclear Submarine Base
by Graham Caswell. Reported by Amanda Moloney, Mon, October 22 2001
Over 100 peaceful protestors, including Irish Green MEP Patricia McKenna, have been arrested at the Trident Nuclear Submarine base in Faslane, Scotland. The protest was organised by Trident Ploughshares and Scottish CND and involved an estimated 2,000 people.

@_date: 2002-02-03 04:19:33
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarcho-punk movie night in Ontario,cheap food. 
Anarcho-Punk Movie night a "smashing" success.
One of the most vital events in the city, the second free "punk movie night"
was a great example of anarchist counter-culture and politics strengthening
each other. Starting off was a great big meal of vegetable curry for a measly
$3. It was really great seeing the mix of people from young punk-rockers to
older politicos hanging out and enjoying themselves in the atmosphere of
comradely rebellion.
Soon, it was movie time and the night started off with "Train on the brain" a
documentary about train-hopping across the USA followed up by a cool super-
eight train-hopping short done by local adventurer Cam.
Next was "Global Dissent: Anarchist music and Action" which followed Scottish
anarcho-punk band Oi Polloi on one of their European tours. Highlights were a
stop at a squatted Glasgow community centre that was barricaded to keep the
cops out, a show in Eastern Europe that was attacked by fascists, and a
highway blockade.
Far and away the best film of the night was the recently released "Breaking
the spell" which documents the anti-WTO demonstrations in Seattle in 1999. A
lot of the demo footage can be seen on the "RIP WTO" video that was released
in '99 but there's also a good look into both the anarchist community of
Eugene Oregon and the intense media scrutiny they were under in the aftermath
of the WTO demo. What I really like about the film was the section that
talked about and showed the non-activist youth of Seattle fighting the police
in their neighborhood of capitol hill. Much derided by so-called "activists"
as "gang members who had nothing to do with the demonstrations" this video
shows the youth of Seattle representing for their neighborhood under police
attack or looting stores out of economic necessity. It was a well-executed
film that drew the connection between the activist demonstrations in the day
and the popular revolt of working-class youth at night.
The punk movie night is already so popular that it was hard to get a seat,
and if they keep up this dynamic mix of counter-cultural and political films
it will soon be standing room only. A truly outstanding event!

@_date: 2002-02-03 04:12:50
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Repression round up. 
Anarchist Black cross of Grodno reported last monday, 30th of January that 4 persons were arrested in Grodno after a political concert in club "Kletka" in sunday 29th of January. Arrested were Dima Gorshanov, singer of anarcho-punk group Antiglobalizator, his friend Oksana, Misha Nerush and a fourth unknown person. Dima Gorshanov was freed tuesday 31st, and confirmed report of Oksana who was freed more early that all of them were tortured when arrested, with beatings and most common soviet and post-soviet torture, which is forcing to wear a gas mask and cutting the air supply. Dima was finally given a small fine for "minor hooliganism", police claimed that he had been drunken and breaking a window. Actually he is a straight edge (teetotaler). Police claimed that "this is just the beginning". Anarchist Black Cross of Grodno is certain that police just tries to scare youngsters away from political activity.
Crap Arrest For Canoeing without lights!! Last Friday, Faslane peace protestor Jenny Gaiawyn was arrested and charged with 'breach of the peace' for canoeing without any lights around the Gareloch where those nice Trident submarines live. For that crime she spent 3 days in police custody and is due in court on the April 2nd (should be April 1st!)
 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>  International Day of Solidarity for Leonard Peltier, Saturday 9th February. Next Wednesday will mark the 27th year since the American Indian Movement activist was framed and arrested for killing two FBI agents at the Pine Ridge Reservation. Be nice if one of you gun lovin punks marked the day like the death of Mc veigh was in NYstate.
Anarchist Black cross of Grodno reported last monday, 30th of January
that 4 persons were arrested in Grodno after a political concert in club
"Kletka" in sunday 29th of January. Arrested were Dima
Gorshanov, singer of anarcho-punk group Antiglobalizator, his friend
Oksana, Misha Nerush and a fourth unknown person. Dima Gorshanov was
freed tuesday 31st, and confirmed report of Oksana who was freed more
early that all of them were tortured when arrested, with beatings and
most common soviet and post-soviet torture, which is forcing to wear a
gas mask and cutting the air supply. Dima was finally given a small fine
for "minor hooliganism", police claimed that he had been
drunken and breaking a window. Actually he is a straight edge
(teetotaler). Police claimed that "this is just the beginning".
Anarchist Black Cross of Grodno is certain that police just tries to
scare youngsters away from political activity. Crap Arrest For Canoeing without lights!! Last Friday, Faslane peace
protestor Jenny Gaiawyn was arrested and charged with 'breach of the
peace' for canoeing without any lights around the Gareloch where those
nice Trident submarines live. For that crime she spent 3 days in police
custody and is due in court on the April 2nd (should be April 1st!) International Day of Solidarity for Leonard Peltier, Saturday 9th February. Next Wednesday will mark the 27th year since the American Indian Movement activist was framed and arrested for killing two FBI agents at the Pine Ridge Reservation.  Be nice if one of you gun lovin punks marked the day like the death of Mc veigh was in NYstate.

@_date: 2002-02-03 04:07:18
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarchs in NYC;"no demands." 
Anti-Capitalist Convergence - New York City
Some might find it strange that the ACC is not making any demands of the
politicians, bankers and CEOs gathering for the World Economic Forum in
New York.
What, precisely, are we protesting, then?
In fact, we not 'protesting' at all. The Anti-Capitalist Convergence is
a gathering of collectives, affinity groups, and individuals inspired by
the principle of direct action. Direct action means that if there are
problems in the world, one does not go appealing to the authorities to
solve them for us, one does not go begging - or even demanding - that
those in power stop doing things that create those problems. Because
those who believe in direct action do not recognize that authority, and
wish to put an end to that power. Direct action means taking action for
ourselves, either to create our own solutions - acting as if that power
does not exist - or, if we must confront our rulers, by putting our
bodies on the line to stop them from doing what they're doing. It is, at
the same time, a form of action and a form of education, because we are
acting in the world, but by doing so, we are also showing people
everywhere that there is an alternative to passive acquiescence - that
it is possible for communities to take power over their own lives, to
intervene in history, and to do it in a form which itself provides a
vision of the kind of world in which we would really like to live.
Therefore we are not even saying "we demand the right to live in freedom
and dignity", because freedom and dignity is not something our rulers
can ever grant us. It is their very existence, as rulers, that makes
freedom and dignity impossible.
All this is only possible if we refuse to live in fear. As anarchists,
we recognize that the power of our rulers can only be maintained by
terror; both governments and terrorists are ultimately playing the same
game: the manipulation of ordinary people's sense of fear and insecurity
for political gain. We, on the other hand, stand in absolute rejection
of any politics of terror. That is why we are taking action now, in New
York City, despite the obvious risks. The WEF's choice to relocate to
Manhattan is a blatant example of just this sort of cynicical
exploitation of grief, fear, and terror - they know they are bringing
disruption and probably violence into the lives of an already frightened
and traumatized population, but they hope to exploit those emotions to
make it easier for them to crush us. By standing up and taking action
anyway, despite all the police and military force and manipulation of
the press and public opinion we know are being marshalled against us, we
are sending a message to the world that it is not necessary to be ruled
by fear: we refuse to bow down to terror, just as we refuse to terrorize
anyone else.
What, then, do we want?
We are anarchists because we believe it would be possible to have a
society without rulers; one based on principles of self-organization,
voluntary association, and mutual aid. We believe that capitalism cannot
be reformed, and no system built on marshalling the powers of greed and
fear to drive people to organize their lives around the endless
production and accumulation of commodities, no society which measures
its success by the total amount of merchandise it manages produce, could
ever lead to human happiness - in fact, could ever lead to anything
other than a world in which even the most successful are mired in
loneliness and alienation and the vast majority of our fellow humans,
destroyed by terror and despair. We believe it is possible, instead, for
communities and individuals to take control over their own lives, and
create a new world in which the desire for the endless maximization of
profit could be replaced by a desire for the full self-realization of
human beings: a world in which everyone can have the security of knowing
their basic needs will be met, and therefore will be free to contribute
to society as they see fit, in sustainable harmony with the earth and
natural world; a world which would involve pleasures, challenges, and
forms of joy and fulfilment that at present we could hardly imagine.
And if that it is possible - (and can anyone say with certainty that it
is not?) - could there be anything more important than working to bring
that world in to being?
Therefore we ask nothing more of the junketeers in the Waldorf than we
would of anyone else. As individuals, they are of course invited to join
us in the pursuit of a better world; if they are willing to abandoning
their power and privilege we will be happy to treat them as equals.
Or, if they are not willing to do that yet, we can, perhaps, provide one
other suggestion. If those who have gathered to celebrate their wealth
and power at the Waldorf would really like to make a "gesture of
solidarity" with New Yorkers, as they claim, we can suggest one thing
they might do. These are after all the very same people who, in their
roles as the stockholders and directors in financial institutions, are
collecting vast amounts of money from New Yorkers each month in the form
of mortgage payments, credit card bills, car payments, student loans...
There's almost nobody here in the city who isn't forking over
significant amounts of money to someone at the World Economic Forum
every month. If they want to help us, we suggest that, rather than
employing us as bellhops, chauffeurs, and caterers, and throwing us some
quarters in tips, they stop extracting this money from us. That's why we
are calling not only for the cancellation of international debt, which
literally takes food out of the mouths of hungry children, but personal
debt as well. If you claim you want to help, stop taking our money!
Otherwise, stop pretending you are making a "gesture of solidarity."
infoshop-news mailing list

@_date: 2002-02-03 03:57:30
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Cali,Col schnews and briefs.(new ireland indymedia!) 
On Tuesday, workers from the Colombian City of Cali, who have been
occupying the communications tower of Emcali since Christmas Day won an
historic victory (See last weeks SchNEWS). An agreement was signed by the
Colombian government, the Mayor of Cali, and the union guaranteeing that
the company will not be privatised, that there will be no price increases
this year, and that a high level anti-corruption inquiry will investigate
and bring to justice all of those people who have siphoned off public
resources from the company in recent years. If you want to hear more, Mario
Novelli whose been sending daily reports from the occupation, will be
speaking this Saturday (2nd) at the CORAS Centre, 161 Lambeth Walk, SE11.
(nearest tubes Vauxhall) 4pm. Tel 07950-923448
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
SchNEWS in brief
    * A detention centre for Migrants 'Sans Papiers' was occupied and
      wrecked last Saturday in Bologna, Italy.
Jeff Halper, of the Israeli Committee Against House Demolitions and
      Salim Shawamreh, twice the victim of house demolitions, will speak on
      the subject: Palestine and Israel: A Just and Viable Peace? 12th Feb,
      7.30 p.m Brighthelm Centre, Brighton
    * 'Stop the War on Dissent: - the threat to civil liberties posed by the
      Terrorism Acts'. 7pm, 12th Feb, Grand Committee Room, House of
      Commons, Westminster (er, that is the place where the terrorism acts
      were passed).020-7586-5892, knklondon
    * Worthing Eco-Action meeting next Tuesday (5) about the planned direct
      action campaign to stop the destruction of the countryside around
      Titnore Lane in Durrington. 7.45pm, upstairs at the Downview pub, West
      Worthing Station
    * Two new indymedia sites to check out - Indymedia Ireland
       and Bristol Indymedia     * 'Last Orders for the Local' is an ace little pamphlet looking at how
      your local boozer is being corporate themed out of existence. Send
      some stamps and an SAE to ACATAC c/o BM Combustion, London, WC1N 3XX
    * Campaign meeting on 'Planning a green paper' 9th Feb 10am-5pm
      International student house,229 Great Portland St. London 0161 9590999
      planning
    * Jill Phipps Memorial Day, An animal rights activist who was killed on
      a demo against live animal exports. 2nd Feb 12 noon Darley Oaks Farm.

@_date: 2002-02-03 03:52:10
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Buck the rodeo. 
BCUK YOU The Burma Campaign UK (BCUK) have managed to get lingerie giant Triumph International to close down its Burma-based manufacturing site. The company was targeted for its part in supporting the military regime. It was charged by the UN's International Labour Organisation with a 'crime against humanity' for the oppression and exploitation of Burma's people. A spokesperson from BCUK said, "This should serve as a warning to other companies operating in Burma - get out now or you could be next." Burma Campaign UK, 020-7281-7377, And get of CHINA RSA,Trei,this means you dogmeat.

@_date: 2002-02-03 03:50:22
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Tim May,J.Orlinn Grabbe Tilt from Libertarians to anarchists. 
Its early days but the straws in the wind are that Libertarians are OUT and anarchists IN.
May has pissed on libertarians from a great height recently and leant toward classic anarchism.
Grabbe has a link to Infoshop today so crypto-anarchy is in play.Smart cypherpunks will trim their sails to suit.
I will promise not to say,"I told you so.I dont say that and I dont like people that say that."
"Terrorism really flourishes in areas of poverty, despair and hopelessness, where people see no future."

@_date: 2002-02-03 03:47:05
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anderson fairy tale 
Andersen Fairy Tale
Would you get McDonalds to advise you about healthy eating? Or BP to sing
the praises of free electricity from the sun? Well, Neo-Labour thought it
would be a good idea to ask accountancy firm Andersen to write a report on
the Private Finance Initiative (PFI) - the scheme where the nation's public
services are flogged off to the private sector, who then lease them back to
the taxpayer! Andersen said PFI was a great idea and would save money - but
forgot to mention that it would also make them lots - they've already made
millions thanks to 37 PFI schemes they've already got their sticky little
accountants' fingers in. This company is so dodgy that even the Tories took
them to court and banned them from any government contracts for 12 years.
This didn't put off Neo-Labour though. Before Blair's government came to
power, they were advised by Andersen about the windfall tax, capital gains
tax and advanced corporation tax and in the summer of 1996 more than 90
Labour MPs attended an Andersen seminar on 'how to be a minister'. Patricia
Hewitt, now Trade and Industry secretary, used to be head of research at
Andersen Consulting.
Since coming to power, Neo-Labour continued to follow Andersen advice on
how to flog off our remaining national assets like Air Traffic Control, the
London Underground, defence research labs, schools and hospitals. Andersen
has also given expert advice on Railtrack, the Jubilee Line Extension,
British Nuclear Fuels, education action zones, the management of local
education authorities as well as doing the accounts for the Millennium
Andersen are making the news at the moment for helping to cover up the
collapse of energy giant Enron - which last year entered the record books
by becoming the biggest company to go bankrupt in US corporate history. Not
only did Andersen receive $25 million for its Enron audit work, where you
would have expected to see that Enron's accounting was bullshit, but also
$27 million for its Enron consultancy work, which probably explains why
they turned a blind eye and also why one US Senator commented "If Enron
robbed the bank, Arthur Andersen drove the getaway car."
Lately Andersen have been busy shredding as many Enron documents as
possible - all in the interests of recycling and making more bedding for
hamsters of course.

@_date: 2002-02-03 03:44:49
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Joe Sirosh needs killing 
Two leading prototypes are being developed. One group is led by HNC Software, a risk-detection specialist. HNC is working with several companies, including PROS Revenue Management, which has access to seating records of virtually every U.S. passenger, and Acxiom Corp., one of the world's largest data-marketing companies, which collects such information as land records, car ownership, projected income, magazine subscriptions and telephone numbers.
"We can quickly build a system that is much more effective than anything in place today," said Joseph Sirosh, executive director of advanced technology solutions at HNC Software.
A second group is being led by Accenture. It has worked for months on a prototype with a variety of companies, including Delta. The data giant Equifax; Sabre Inc. (which is responsible for about half of U.S. airline reservations); IBM, and other companies have also been working on profiling efforts. Both systems are designed to use travel information and other data to create models of "normal" activity. Then they will look for variations in individual behavior that might suggest risk. Both may eventually make use of some sort of biometric system that uses iris scans, fingerprints or other immutable characteristics.
Where's PROMIS when you need it.

@_date: 2002-02-03 03:42:43
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: African Anarchism" book now online. 
"African Anarchism: The History of A Movement" by Sam Mbah and I.E.
Igariwey  -- the first book-length treatment of anarchism and Africa -- is
now online after being out-of-print for many years.
The authors, members of Nigeria's legendary Awareness League, argue that
anarchism provides a coherent framework with which to comprehend and
respond to the multiple crises afflicting the continent. "It is against
this background that we, members of the Awareness League, have elected to
trace the relationship between Africa and anarchism. In doing so, we are
impelled by a two-fold sense of historical responsibility: to enrich
anarchism and anarchist principles with an African perspective, and to
carve out a place for Africa within the framework of the worldwide
anarchist movement." ~ from the Introduction.
Thanks to Chaz Bufe of See Sharp Press for his willingness to offer the
text for free online to the anarchist community.
The book is available at:

@_date: 2002-02-03 01:52:40
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A.T.May flying chicken. 
Anarcho-socialist is a redundant term.There are many anarcho sites to visit yet you will never see this term.
Jamesd spent 6 formative years in authoritarian socialist groups and is a proven liar.URLs available on request.
Give it up james,your as pathetic as weasl.
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.
On this daily bleed...1931 -- Argentinean anarchist Paulino Scarfo dies in a
shoot out with police.
Anarcho-socialist is a redundant term.There are many anarcho sites to
visit yet you will never see this term.
Jamesd spent 6 formative years in authoritarian socialist groups and is a
proven liar.URLs available on request.
Give it up james,your as pathetic as weasl.
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without
liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a
tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.
On this daily bleed...1931 -- Argentinean anarchist Paulino Scarfo dies
in a shoot out with police.

@_date: 2002-02-02 04:58:52
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The Maltese Declan 
...I'm in Malta right now and not in a position
to do long-distance research myself. Indymedia proponents have been
telling me, correctly, in private email that they were the first site to
publish news of the raid. The problem is that anyone can post anything on
Indymedia, so an appearance on such a site by itself is not more credible
than a Usenet post or barroom gossip. Some threads are researched and
include legitimate news reporting; others are mere rants. Below "sf
imcista" tells us we can email imc-sf-editorial if we want
to tell the difference, but that's not a great solution for individual
readers. --Declan]
The FBI has confirmed the raid but has not yet charged Sherman Austin, the
18-year-old operator of Raisethefist.com.
The warrant was issued on the basis of the bomb information published at
the site and several alleged instances of computer abuse & fraud
(defacements) by Austin.
Story going up shortly at Newsbytes.com.
Here's that story.
FBI Raid Silences Teen Anarchist's Site
SHERMAN OAKS, CALIFORNIA, U.S.A.,
31 Jan 2002, 12:15 AM CST
In a case that may test limits on Internet free speech in the wake of Sept.
11, armed federal agents last week raided the home of a Los Angeles
teenager suspected of hacking into several Web sites to post anarchist
messages and using his own site, Raisethefist.com, to publish bomb-making
Sherman Martin Austin, 18, is believed to have violated federal computer
fraud and abuse laws, as well as statutes prohibiting the distribution of
bomb-making information, according to an FBI affidavit.
FBI agents conducted the raid on the afternoon of Jan. 24 at the Sherman
Oaks residence owned by Austin's mother after receiving a federal warrant.
The agents seized several computers and documents, according to an FBI
In an interview Wednesday, Austin told Newsbytes he was interrogated for
more than six hours but has not yet been charged with any crimes.
That story has a link to LA Weekly at:
 (middle of the page)
This story relies heavily on the  posting.
Jay Edwards
august to the LA times. The raisethefist.com site provided a fan photo
album for the RATM.com site. RATM.com BB was closed due to secret service
pressure on INFOPOP, the host for RATM.com in wake of the sept. 11 attacks.
I know the owner of raisethe fist.com because of my membership at ratm.com.
His name is sherman, he goes by the name of "antigovernment" or "anti" for
short. He is african american and wears a black mask at all of his protests
which included the BIODEV in San Diego couple months ago.
This is no hoax. if he says he got raided, it is for real. I have
confirmation from several other activists in the los angeles area that this
did occur. matthew dickinson
 > Europe, Turkey was one of my favorite vacation spots -- different enough
 > to be interesting without being so foreign as to be difficult to adjust
 > to.
 > I've done a few quick google searches about the supposed raid. I found
 > mentions of it on all of the indymedia (of course) sites, kuro5hin,
 > mediageek and a few personal web sites. All of these sites use the same
 > two articles as their primary source.
 > I checked to LA Times website and there are seven articles that mention
 > "FBI" and "raid" since Januray 23, 2002. None of these articles have
 > anything to do with raisethefist.com.
 > This seems to be some type of hoax. It's a wee bit hard to think that
 > no reputable news agency (or even slashdot) hasn't mentioned this.
San Francisco Indymedia reporters confirmed the story with the FBI on
Friday, Jan 25. If anyone has doubts please call the FBI and re-confirm
The FBI/Anti-Terrorism Task Force did not issue a press release or hold a
press conference on the raid, therefore there has been no corporate media
coverage; i.e. the they are trying to keep it quiet. I wonder why?
--mark B.
CIA Sabotage Manual:
Numerous links to web archives of much of Raise the Fist's content can be
found in the articles below.
ALERT: Feds Shut Down Protest Site; Smear Campaign Underway
by Freedom Corps. Free Speech Protection Departm 3:22pm Wed Jan 30 '02
(Modified on 4:27pm Wed Jan 30 '02)
Jan. 23, 2002 - Heavily armed federal officers raided a private home in L.A.
and confiscated all traces of RaiseTheFist.com, an activist web site with an
Indymedia-style format. Software, computers, web servers, backups, and other
materials were hauled away by FBI, Secret Service, and LAPD agents.
Corporate media remain silent on the story, in which no one was arrested and
no charges have been filed. Links to upcoming WEF protest information and
resources for protesters were among RaiseTheFist.com's alternative news
coverage, lost in Bush's War on Free Speech, one week before the WEF
protests begin.
Jan. 23, 2002 - Heavily armed federal officers raided a private home in L.A.
and confiscated all traces of RaiseTheFist.com, an activist web site with an
Indymedia-style format. Software, computers, web servers, backups, and other
materials were hauled away by FBI, Secret Service, and LAPD agents. Police
encountered no resistance during the raid on the First Amendment. Corporate
media remain silent on the story, in which no one was arrested and no
charges have been filed.
Early reports of the raid:
FBI confirms raid with SF Indymedia:
SF and LA Indymedias are following the story:
Links to upcoming WEF protest information and resources for protesters were
among RaiseTheFist.com's alternative news coverage, lost in Bush's War on
Free Speech, one week before the WEF protests begin:
Some activists foresee the feds misrepresenting the web site's content in
the corporate media smear campaign on WEF protests.
What the FBI Doesn't Want You to See at RaiseTheFist.com:
Post-raid interview with RTF's 18-year-old webmaster. Web logs prior to the
raid showed extensive government monitoring of the web site.
Allegations from the fed's search warrant:
Local activists in L.A. are calling for solidarity protests
and a temporary defense fund has been set up for RaiseTheFist's defense:
In the latest report from SF Indymedia, webmaster "Sherman" is busy trying
to get his web site back up (see comments):
It doesn't mention the raisethefist name, but it could be relevant.
Federal agents  conducted a raid on a group of teenage
anti-globalization hackers.
The raid was carried out on 24 January in Los Angeles but confirmation by
the FBI
was only issued today. FBI agents entered the home of 18 year old Sherman
Martin Austin,
suspected of having posted anarchist messages and information on how to
build a bomb
on his website. Agents confiscated his computer and several documents.
Austin may be
charged with computer fraud and dissemination of bombmaking instructions.
The teenager, who
claims to be a member of an antiglobalization group, bitterly condemned the
use of firearms
by agents. "They surrounded my home with machine guns and shotguns while
wearing bulletproof
vests. They had more firepower than they typically use againt street gangs
or in drug busts."
Matthew McLaughlin, a spokesman for the FBI, confirmed that the agents
participating in
the raid were heavily armed. "We made sure they were protected. We don't
conduct raids
using slingshots.", said McLaughlin. Sally Ann Quinn, Software Test Engineer
The West Group
150 State Street, Rochester, NY 14614
Mail Drop B8-3
(716) 231-6052
activist website was shutdown by the Los Angeles Anti-Terrorism Task
Force. On the afternoon of Jan. 24, 20 well-armed agents of the FBI,
Secret Service, and LAPD served a 25-page search warrant on the San
Fernando Valley residence of 18-year-old programmer/activist Sherman.
By the end of the evening, federal agents had driven off with the
entire home computer network that hosted and laanarchists.org
( -
including 8 computers and even the DSL modem.
Sherman, who prefers to use only his surname, 'had bomb-making
information on his website, which under the terms of the Patriot Act
is illegal,' FBI Spokesman Matthew McLaughlin told the LA Weekly,
which published a news report on Jan. 31
( Sherman,
however, was not arrested, and is now working on restoring his
websites from an old backup while he awaits further legal developments
The RTF raid was first reported late Jan. 24 on Indymedia, the network
of open-publishing news sites. It was confirmed the next day by
Indymedia volunteers in San Francisco, who spoke with Cheryl Mimura
from the Los Angeles FBI Field Office. Mimura described an ongoing
investigation into 'computer fraud and abuse' as well as 'distribution
of information related to explosives, destructive devices, and/or
weapons of mass destruction,' and confirmed that the site had been
'shutdown' -- but declined to provide Sherman's full name or any other
information, since no arrests had been made.
Over the weekend an interview with Sherman appeared on Kuro5hin
( in which he
denied that anything illegal was hosted on his servers, describing
himself as a victim of an FBI attempt 'to silence' his increasingly
popular, allbeit politically-'radical' websites. Sherman's take on
the episode rings true in light of comments by FBI agents that it was
the particularly 'militant,' anarchic content he hosted that
precipitated the investigation and raid.
Within days over a dozen reports were circulating on various e-mail
lists and websites. Mysteriously, however, no mainstream media had
picked up the story... Was this course of events perhaps all
according to plan? Given the absence of the usual FBI press conference
or press release after a successful anti-terrorism operation, and
possible first ammendment implications of the case, it does appear
that the FBI is hoping to keep a lid on the story.
Needless to say, all manner of treasonous banter, bomb recipes, and
worse are available on newsgroup archives (such as
 as well as current listserv and discussion
sites... One wonders which website(s) the FBI will target next.
The Los Angeles Anti-Terrorism Task Force was christened shortly after
the events of Sep. 11 (
and includes remnants of the Joint Terrorism Task Force cobbled
together to oversee security for the 1984 Olympics. The now
nationwide Anti-Terrorism Task Forces enjoy greatly enhanced power and
prestige since the Patriot Act was signed into law on Oct. 26, 2001.
This 'homeland security' measure not only expanded police powers of
surveillance and 'secret searches,' but also redefined a variety of
low-level computer crimes as 21st-century 'terrorism'
--mark Burdett
...I'm in Malta right now and not in a position to do long-distance research myself. Indymedia proponents have been telling me, correctly, in private email that they were the first site to
publish news of the raid. The problem is that anyone can post anything on
Indymedia, so an appearance on such a site by itself is not more credible
than a Usenet post or barroom gossip. Some threads are researched and
include legitimate news reporting; others are mere rants. Below "sf
imcista" tells us we can email imc-sf-editorial if we
want to tell the difference, but that's not a great solution for individual
readers. --Declan]
The FBI has confirmed the raid but has not yet charged Sherman Austin,
the 18-year-old operator of Raisethefist.com.
The warrant was issued on the basis of the bomb information published at
the site and several alleged instances of computer abuse & fraud
(defacements) by Austin.
Story going up shortly at Newsbytes.com.
Here's that story.
FBI Raid Silences Teen Anarchist's Site SHERMAN OAKS, CALIFORNIA, U.S.A., 31 Jan 2002, 12:15 AM CST In a case that may test limits on Internet free speech in the wake of
Sept. 11, armed federal agents last week raided the home of a Los Angeles teenager suspected of hacking into several Web sites to post anarchist
messages and using his own site, Raisethefist.com, to publish bomb-making
Sherman Martin Austin, 18, is believed to have violated federal computer
fraud and abuse laws, as well as statutes prohibiting the distribution of
bomb-making information, according to an FBI affidavit.
FBI agents conducted the raid on the afternoon of Jan. 24 at the Sherman
Oaks residence owned by Austin's mother after receiving a federal
warrant. The agents seized several computers and documents, according to an FBI
In an interview Wednesday, Austin told Newsbytes he was interrogated for
more than six hours but has not yet been charged with any crimes.
That story has a link to LA Weekly at:
(middle of the page)
This story relies heavily on the  posting. Jay Edwards
august to the LA times. The raisethefist.com site provided a fan photo album for the RATM.com site. RATM.com BB was closed due to secret service pressure on INFOPOP, the host for RATM.com in wake of the sept. 11 attacks.
I know the owner of raisethe fist.com because of my membership at ratm.com. His name is sherman, he goes by the name of "antigovernment" or "anti" for short. He is african american and wears a black mask at all of his protests which included the BIODEV in San Diego couple months ago.
This is no hoax. if he says he got raided, it is for real. I have confirmation from several other activists in the los angeles area that this did occur. matthew dickinson
San Francisco Indymedia reporters confirmed the story with the FBI on Friday, Jan 25. If anyone has doubts please call the FBI and re-confirm The FBI/Anti-Terrorism Task Force did not issue a press release or hold a press conference on the raid, therefore there has been no corporate media coverage; i.e. the they are trying to keep it quiet. I wonder why?
--mark B.
CIA Sabotage Manual:
 Numerous links to web archives of much of Raise the Fist's content can be found in the articles below.
ALERT: Feds Shut Down Protest Site; Smear Campaign Underway by Freedom Corps. Free Speech Protection Departm 3:22pm Wed Jan 30 '02 (Modified on 4:27pm Wed Jan 30 '02)
Jan. 23, 2002 - Heavily armed federal officers raided a private home in L.A. and confiscated all traces of RaiseTheFist.com, an activist web site with an Indymedia-style format. Software, computers, web servers, backups, and other materials were hauled away by FBI, Secret Service, and LAPD agents. Corporate media remain silent on the story, in which no one was arrested and no charges have been filed. Links to upcoming WEF protest information and resources for protesters were among RaiseTheFist.com's alternative news coverage, lost in Bush's War on Free Speech, one week before the WEF protests begin.
Jan. 23, 2002 - Heavily armed federal officers raided a private home in L.A. and confiscated all traces of RaiseTheFist.com, an activist web site with an Indymedia-style format. Software, computers, web servers, backups, and other materials were hauled away by FBI, Secret Service, and LAPD agents. Police encountered no resistance during the raid on the First Amendment. Corporate media remain silent on the story, in which no one was arrested and no charges have been filed.
Early reports of the raid:  FBI confirms raid with SF Indymedia: SF and LA Indymedias are following the story:  Links to upcoming WEF protest information and resources for protesters were among RaiseTheFist.com's alternative news coverage, lost in Bush's War on Free Speech, one week before the WEF protests begin:  Some activists foresee the feds misrepresenting the web site's content in the corporate media smear campaign on WEF protests.
What the FBI Doesn't Want You to See at RaiseTheFist.com: Post-raid interview with RTF's 18-year-old webmaster. Web logs prior to the raid showed extensive government monitoring of the web site.  Allegations from the fed's search warrant: Local activists in L.A. are calling for solidarity protests and a temporary defense fund has been set up for RaiseTheFist's defense: In the latest report from SF Indymedia, webmaster "Sherman" is busy trying to get his web site back up (see comments):  It doesn't mention the raisethefist name, but it could be relevant.
Translation: Federal agents <recently> conducted a raid on a group of teenage anti-globalization hackers. The raid was carried out on 24 January in Los Angeles but confirmation by the FBI was only issued today. FBI agents entered the home of 18 year old Sherman Martin Austin, suspected of having posted anarchist messages and information on how to build a bomb on his website. Agents confiscated his computer and several documents. Austin may be charged with computer fraud and dissemination of bombmaking instructions. The teenager, who claims to be a member of an antiglobalization group, bitterly condemned the use of firearms by agents. "They surrounded my home with machine guns and shotguns while wearing bulletproof vests. They had more firepower than they typically use againt street gangs or in drug busts." Matthew McLaughlin, a spokesman for the FBI, confirmed that the agents participating in the raid were heavily armed. "We made sure they were protected. We don't conduct raids using slingshots.", said McLaughlin. <End> Sally Ann Quinn, Software Test Engineer The West Group 150 State Street, Rochester, NY 14614 Mail Drop B8-3 (716) 231-6052 activist website was shutdown by the Los Angeles Anti-Terrorism Task Force. On the afternoon of Jan. 24, 20 well-armed agents of the FBI, Secret Service, and LAPD served a 25-page search warrant on the San Fernando Valley residence of 18-year-old programmer/activist Sherman. By the end of the evening, federal agents had driven off with the entire home computer network that hosted  and laanarchists.org ( - including 8 computers and even the DSL modem.
Sherman, who prefers to use only his surname, 'had bomb-making information on his website, which under the terms of the Patriot Act is illegal,' FBI Spokesman Matthew McLaughlin told the LA Weekly, which published a news report on Jan. 31 ( Sherman, however, was not arrested, and is now working on restoring his websites from an old backup while he awaits further legal developments The RTF raid was first reported late Jan. 24 on Indymedia, the network of open-publishing news sites. It was confirmed the next day by Indymedia volunteers in San Francisco, who spoke with Cheryl Mimura from the Los Angeles FBI Field Office. Mimura described an ongoing investigation into 'computer fraud and abuse' as well as 'distribution of information related to explosives, destructive devices, and/or weapons of mass destruction,' and confirmed that the site had been 'shutdown' -- but declined to provide Sherman's full name or any other information, since no arrests had been made.
Over the weekend an interview with Sherman appeared on Kuro5hin ( in which he denied that anything illegal was hosted on his servers, describing himself as a victim of an FBI attempt 'to silence' his increasingly popular, allbeit politically-'radical' websites. Sherman's take on the episode rings true in light of comments by FBI agents that it was the particularly 'militant,' anarchic content he hosted that precipitated the investigation and raid.
Within days over a dozen reports were circulating on various e-mail lists and websites. Mysteriously, however, no mainstream media had picked up the story... Was this course of events perhaps all according to plan? Given the absence of the usual FBI press conference or press release after a successful anti-terrorism operation, and possible first ammendment implications of the case, it does appear that the FBI is hoping to keep a lid on the story.
Needless to say, all manner of treasonous banter, bomb recipes, and worse are available on newsgroup archives (such as  as well as current listserv and discussion sites... One wonders which website(s) the FBI will target next.
The Los Angeles Anti-Terrorism Task Force was christened shortly after the events of Sep. 11 ( and includes remnants of the Joint Terrorism Task Force cobbled together to oversee security for the 1984 Olympics. The now nationwide Anti-Terrorism Task Forces enjoy greatly enhanced power and prestige since the Patriot Act was signed into law on Oct. 26, 2001. This 'homeland security' measure not only expanded police powers of surveillance and 'secret searches,' but also redefined a variety of low-level computer crimes as 21st-century 'terrorism' --mark Burdett

@_date: 2002-02-02 03:45:07
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Workers for the CIA need killing. 
Bangalore firm comes to CIA's aid
SOFIA TIPPOO
TIMES NEWS NETWORK [ WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 2002  11:36:32 PM ]
ANGALORE: The world's most powerful secret service organisation -- the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) -- is dipping into the hi-tech expertise of a Bangalore company to give it more teeth.
Stratify, earlier known as Purple Yogi, is working for the CIA to sift through the mammoth of unstructured information streaming into the organisation from a myriad sources. Some sensational, some plain hogwash.
Interestingly, this project located on Bangalore's Airport Road has been funded by In-Q-Tel, an independent investing arm of the CIA.
``Working for the Intelligence Agency is a challenging task. The amount of information coming in is overwhelming -- there are so many e-mails, letters and sometimes just rumours sent in by their operatives across the length and breadth of the world that trying to make logical sense is excruciatingly painful,'' says Rakesh Mathur, who shot to fame when his start-up Junglee was sold to Amazon for a multi-million dollar sum.
Stratify has developed a software which endows a certain method to the maddening deluge of unstructured data that comes into the CIA network. ``In-Q-Tel is building a portfolio of highly innovative and important new commercial technologies that can help tackle the toughest IT challenges the CIA faces today,'' says Gilman Louie, In-Q-Tel President and CEO.
It's evident that post-September 11, a sense of acute urgency has crept into the functioning of US' premier intelligence agency. It's largely believed that a robust software such as this would be able to quickly sniff a logical pattern in secret e-mails that land in the CIA mailbox. It is felt that if the CIA obtains a certain coherence from the mass of information that comes its way, catastrophes like the 9/11 one could have been averted.
``It is just not humanly possible to find a way out of all this unstructured data. Our software ensures that it can be done and more important is the fact that it understands different languages -- including Farsi, Arabic, French, German and others,'' says Mathur.
Although the company has developed the software for CIA, it is still involved in the applications that go on top of it. One such application can be to get one page a day delivered to the US President. And, this one page comes maybe from tons of info that pours into the CIA office at Langley, Virginia and other centres.
And, it is just not cloak-and-dagger stuff that this software is being used for. India's most admired company, Infosys Technologies, is another one of its customers. ``For them, all the unstructured information is used for creating business proposals and specifications as fast as possible, beating competition,'' adds Nimesh Mehta, the newly joined CEO who was a former vice-president of the world's largest database company, Oracle.
The brains behind the project
How is Stratify planning to become ``an Oracle of unstructured data management''? The hardcore tech-team consists of: John Lamping who holds original patents for structured access algorithms. Joy Thomas, who was a senior engineer in IBM's Watson Research Lab, who has authored books on fundamental research. Pandu Nayak earlier worked in NASA where he did original untethered spacecraft. Two founders are from the Microprocessor Lab, Intel. And, Rakesh Mathur, of course.

@_date: 2002-02-02 03:25:29
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Jei, put some money where your big mouth is. 
I have raised $4 in pledges to be pooled and paid for the reasonable expenses of the person(s) unknown that most closely predicts the time of the permanent retirement from politics of Richard Armitage.Armitage is a gross white murdering shitpig fairly high up in the hierarchy of the corrupt,violent amerikkkan empire.Should you be willing to pledge more than 4$,you can choose your own,"targeted action."
Your making a lot of heat on this list...how about shedding a little light?

@_date: 2002-02-02 03:03:35
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Gods Bollocks. 
Christianity is PROVED false! THE LIES ARE OVER.
by SEEK TRUTH 9:46am Sat Feb 2 '02
This proves Christianity is a false religion. The Holy Bible is a book of lies. King James and the emperor Constantine rewrote the Bible so they could own slaves.
Christianity is the greatest poison the Earth has ever experienced. The long and bloody history of murder, rape, oppression of women and minorities, slavery, and male genital mutilation (circumcision) is now OVER. The Holy Bible is claimed to be Truth. The above mentioned crimes of the Christians are believed to be Truth because the Bible teaches that God said to do it. Christianity has ruled over the Earth for far too long. The Bible cannot be Truth because it has too many contradictions. Here is a short example out of thousands:
Christianity is proved false here:
Also like  shocking true bible stories.

@_date: 2002-02-02 03:00:17
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarchist sympathiser shot dead by Argentine police. 
1931 -- Severino Di Giovanni dies in a shoot-out with
the police in Argentina.
He organizes a demonstration for the release of Sacco
& Vanzetti, but when they are executed in 1927,
Di Giovanni turned to violent actions with the Scarfo
brothers (Alejandro & Paulino); many bombs were set off,
especially aimed at North American interests.
This spiral of violence was condemned by the
anarchists of FORA & "La Protesta." See Osvaldo
Bayer Severino Di Giovanni, the idealist of
violencia, (1970).
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.

@_date: 2002-02-02 02:38:08
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Violent Protests Shake Boston 
Violent Protests Shake Boston (english)
by the slave 5:42pm Fri Feb 1 '02
Austin correspondent, the slave, covers violent protests in Boston. Stay informed Citizens.
The London Times
Violent Protesters Riot in New England
By the slave
Boston, Mass. (AustinIndymedia) – Last night, hordes of violent and unruly protesters snuck by British guards and managed to destroy untold amounts of East India Company tea. Protesters, hidden beneath intimidating Mohawk Indian disguises and under cover of night, were able to make their way onboard the ships to destroy stockpiles of tea.
These unruly protesters threw crate after crate of East India Company tea into the Boston Harbor. Scenes like this have marred much of the Commonwealth in New England since the passage of the Tea Act of 1773.
Lord North, a major proponent of the Tea Act, reacted to the property destruction of protesters today, saying, “This Tea Act is good for the New England colonists. It will lower the price of tea and eliminate the middle-man. Lower prices will spread prosperity. These protesters have no understanding of economics.”
“We would like to dialogue with protesters but we cannot allow these protesters to break down all sense of law and order. These hooligans committing property damage and attacking Redcoats need to be dealt with. Protesters in the Colonies should more constructive things like write their representatives,” he said.
Protesters may have little understanding of economics, but they have a lot of support from discontented radicals. Many of them argue that the Tea Act may lower prices but comes at a price. “This tax cut is putting small tea retailers and merchants out of business and gives the East India Company a virtual monopoly on global tea supplies,” said one protester today.
But officials inside the Commonwealth argue the tax-cut is an example of how the market can answer global needs. “This tax relief will allow East India Company to be more competitive in a global market,” said one trade analyst. “More trade will mean more jobs for Commonwealth citizens in the long run.”
Protest Tactics Startle Unprepared Law Officials
The “Boston Tea Party”, as protesters have started called it, has left many constabulary and law enforcement scrambling to catch-up. Redcoats guarding the harbors thought they were prepared, but when groups of clandestine protesters broke past their lines, it was apparent that protesters were more organized than originally thought.
“We were literally caught with our pants down,” said one official. “We knew that there would be radicals out for trouble in the crowds. But we weren’t prepared for this kind of violent reaction. They literally overwhelmed us then started destroying private property.”
No one is sure yet exactly how much damage has been done, but most calculate the figure is very high. “We’re still busy trying to figure out what got destroyed and what didn’t,” said a representative for the East India Company. “What’s more frightening is that these protests are going to spread from one harbor to another.”
And that is the kind of talk that keeps law enforcement up at night. “What you have is a bunch of malcontents disguising themselves under Indian masks and using the cover of dark to destroy as much as they can,” said one guard who was present at the riot.
For his part, Governor General Thomas Hutchinson promised he would bring law and order back to the Boston community. “We understand that many protesters may have grievances with the Commonwealth, but these kinds of anarchic mob-rule actions are not doing their cause any good. Citizens have a right to feel safe and secure in their cities.”
But groups like the Sons of Liberty have no intentions of stopping these rolling protests anytime soon. They vow to confront law enforcement officials and resist what they see as growing monopolistic power and democratic unaccountability.
One protest representative, a plain and sallow-looking man, Samuel Adams, claimed protesters would keep battling law enforcement in the streets. He criticized leaders as “having gained the Confidence of their Country, are sacrilegiously employing their Talents to the Ruin of its Affairs, for their own private Emolument."
Officials claim they will stand up to this traveling troupe of troublemakers however. There are already plans in the Commonwealth Parliament to deploy four new regiments to protect harbors from more property destruction and rioting in the future. The Parliament has also said they will close down harbors entirely to protect them in the future if violence escalates.
At least one Redcoat offered his own opinion: “They may talk about lofty ideas, but we aren’t going to let them plunge our cities or nation into chaos. These people pretend to have ideas but are really intent on creating mindless violence and property destruction. I have only one question for these protesters. Why don’t you take off your masks?”
(c) BigGlobalMedia, Inc.

@_date: 2002-02-01 10:09:33
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: FBI Raid Silences Teen Anarchist's (Site.But not for 
Austin told Newsbytes he was interrogated >>> for more than six hours but has not yet been charged with any crimes.
  "Interrogated for six hours" says it all. The more helpful he tried to be, the more stuff to hang him with. <<
Mays abso-fucking-lutely correct.(for a change) When I was Shermies age I carried a card that said I would never make a statement to the polizi without my lawyers say so.Everything worth saving from RSF is now mirrored.The FBI silenced shit.They are low bullying money and timewasting shit.The FBI is a fucking JOKE! look at their pathetic record.
RE the notebook seized from me EIGHT MONTHS AGO TODAY(!) Ive yet to be interviewed,yet to be charged.Ill be reapplying to have it returned soon...real soon.
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.

@_date: 2002-02-01 09:34:53
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: RSA cracked:In Russia! RSA CRACKED! RSA CRACKED! RSA 
>>Not surprising, given that Beria died in December of 1953. <<
That should read 1943,thanks for spotting that.No other errors of fact?
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-01 09:26:22
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: I'd like to see Bush killed. 
I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.
I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.
I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.I'd like to see Bush killed.

@_date: 2002-02-01 09:22:58
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Cypherpunk agenda succeeding,jamesd failing badly. 
>>A lot of doom and gloom posts have appeared about how cypherpunks failed of their dreams. We expected to overthrow governments world wide by tuesday, and we did not.<<
Its never to late to roll in APster or even mass civil disobedience if you don't have the stomach for a fight.
  >>But despite this the cypherpunk agenda is still progressing well. <<
Its stalled;still that gives the anarchists in the street time to catch up.REAL ANARCHISTS LIVE.
  >>Encrypted disks are still rare, but that is because raids that seize people's computers are rare. <<
Not where I fucken live.Anarchists are in jail for handing out leaflets and the uncon assault on *porn* is being cranked up again.(Seymour Butts case.) My notebooks still mising.Thanks for the soli-fucking-darity ASSHOLE!
  >>It seems to me that it should be possible to sell a decent mail system to corporations provided that the mail system provides forward secrecy, thus guaranteeing that the only copies of possibly inconvenient email are those in the computers of the recipient and the sender.<<
What the Fuck is this? CypherSHILLS!? CYPHER CORPORATE SUCKHOLES?Are we not   >>Note that existing standard email encryption systems lack forward secrecy and so do NOT ensure that the only copies of possibly inconvenient email are those on the desktops of the sender and the recipient, and thus are of limited value in defending against the most common threats that businesses suffer. <<
Asked and answered.jamesd hangs with authoritarian socialist assholes for SIX YEARS(!) then goes all anarcho-crapitalist.He remains a greasy lying weasel all along.Fuck off and die jamesd.take your  crapola website with you.

@_date: 2002-02-01 09:11:16
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Nozick;"if you like that sort of thing." 
"if you like that sort of thing." Nozick on william Godwin,in "Anarchy,State and utopia.1974.
Good riddance Robert.
Criticisms of Robert Nozick and "Anarchy, State, and Utopia".
The foremost philosophy of libertarianism has been thoroughly discredited.
Like Hayek,Von mises and Friedman you wont be missed.
"if you like that sort of thing." Nozick on william Godwin,in
"Anarchy,State and utopia.1974.
Good riddance Robert.
Criticisms of Robert Nozick and
"Anarchy, State, and Utopia". The foremost philosophy of libertarianism has been
thoroughly discredited. Like Hayek,Von mises and Friedman you wont be missed.

@_date: 2002-02-01 07:47:10
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: "Assassination Plots" 
Assassination Plots
by proffr11 1:49pm Fri Feb 1 '02
EIGHT MONTHS ago police and secret agents lied to gain entry and stole my notebook.EIGHT MONTHS later Ive not even been questioned about what I'm supposed to have done.
The headlines from the herald scum,june 5,page 5.You would think the P.I.Gs had caught a serial killer like dennis Tanner or mark Read.EIGHT MONTHS after supposed death threats were placed at an "anarchist" website,"where anyone can post anything."(2 police quotes,under oath.)
NO CHARGES!
Not even an interview.Small wonder depressed police are wandering around taking bribes,this sort of incompetence is staggering.
The trend in the US is simply to bring rubbish charges to harrass and bankrupt people knowing the higher courts will throw them.As americas pacific poodle it looks like we are following his masters voice.
Authoritarians everywhere feel threatened by anarchy.I hope they are correct to do so.
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant,I declare them my enemy."PJ Proudon.

@_date: 2002-02-01 04:18:11
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Argentina Libre background. 
Argentina;From the 1890,s an Anarchist movement,"among the largest and most influential in the
world,"(D.Rock.Cambridge University press.Politics in Argentina,1890-1930.)Significant propagandists Pedro Gori
and Dr Creaghe who founded La Protesta.Anarchists enjoyed solid support amongst dock workers,
shop mechanics,bricklayers,bakers and coachbuilders.Despite deportations and prison sentences
the anarchist movement grew to the extent that it created the major syndicalist movement,the
F.O.R.A.(Workers federation of the Argentine Region.)The rulers offered a terrible repression
and the bitter struggle may be seen in the film,"Patagonia Rebelde."
Following strikes in 1919 a police edict against,"all known anarchists,"led to a brutal spate
of mass arrests and deportations.
It is sometimes alleged the anarchists in Argentina employed ,"terrorist tactics,"The dual standard
of reporting that persists today is responsible for this.The workers were faced with the most terrible
repression.State violence was not correctly described as terrorist itself for being Govt. financed and directed
toward working class and vulnerable groups.The right is allowed murder gangs and the secret police
lend a hand yet any attempt to even the odds is regarded by the press as To look back on past heroic struggles and find invariably they were under libertarian banners
not authoritarian is inspiring for the future.Its clear that where workers have yielded to
middle class leadership that it has always proved authoritarian.Workers left to their own ideals
and principles come up with anarchist struggles and solutions,authoritarian ideas are always
imposed by outside intervention.The rise and fall of radicalism is not written by an anarchist
and has all the more credibility for that.Extracted and modified from an Albert Meltzer review
in the cienfuegos press anarchist review,1977.

@_date: 2002-02-01 09:15:06
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A.T.May flying chicken? 
> paradise - don't touch MY herd.
  I have no quibbles with such coinages as "anarchist community." A bunch of folks, a commune, an extended family, even a group like Cypherpunks can be--and usually is, in fact--an "anarchist community." In the very understandable sense that there are no "uses of force" to impose order or rule of law. "An arch," as we should all know by now. <<
Why not discuss the sharp and clear differences between anarcho-capitalists and trad anarchists then?
Illustrated for starters at  >>The international trading community is an anarchy, as noted by Bruce Benson in "The Enterprise of Law" and discussed many times by others, including David Friedman and even myself. > > Well, we had that. It has been tried. It wasn't stable enough. What we > have now > descended from such communities. It's just that communities that had > better > enterprising social engineers beat the shit out of communities that > were ... > content the way there were. Which disputes the anarchist community notion is which way?
Anarchies are in fact the norm, not something that has rarely been tried. > --Tim May
Anarcho-capitalism has NOT been tried,Should It? Friedman and May seem to prefer life in Cali for all its faults.

@_date: 2002-02-04 13:04:29
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Torch a McDonalds 
Call for International Day of Rage Against Fascist America
The true face of America's heros were exposed this weekend in New York City. The New York City Police Department is an organized band of violent thugs who think that people's human rights begins where their batons end. Despite the best efforts of all activists to respect the feelings of New Yorkers with a subdued protest, the police decided to attack people anyway.
This is the current reality of today's America, which isn't apparent to non-Americans. All of our rights have been stripped away and we are at the mercy of an unelected president and his band of bloodthirsty cronies.
We anarchists in the United States are calling on our comrades around the world to organize a day of rage against America for this Wednesday. Occupy an embassy if want or torch a McDonalds, we just need some solidarity right now.

@_date: 2002-02-05 02:04:54
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: encrypted data means Feds steal your computer 
60 days and the snatch is reviewed in the United Snakes.
It took me 6 months and the cops said they needed more time.Its over 8 months now.They still have my (now obsolete) notebook and they still haven't interviewed me RE death threats made at "anarchist" site,"where anyone can post anything."(police quotes,under oath.)
There was a lot of pron that could have some steg so I guess these things do take time.
When you decide to APster some feds,please let me know.Ill pay you.Kill the

@_date: 2002-02-06 08:33:44
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: What Kind Of Government...... 
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments?"
You talk a lot but wont pledge 1 lousy $.The retire Richard Armitage pool is stalled at 4$.

@_date: 2002-02-06 08:33:43
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: spam attack on cpunks list, 
>>(Yeah, if anyone spots a truly relevant item, commenting on it is welcome. Or posting a URL. But simple game theory says that it's best that people don't just bounce things they read to our list, something Choate, mattd, and Jei seem to not understand.) <<
I store articles that interest me here.Filter me out and I'm happy as a pig in shit.Of course if you comment on me or my posts Ill try and respond quickly.I'm not in the habit of posting mainstream and/corporate stories/news.If I do its generally from a non-american perspective.I don't take up any more space than some of the hard spam dumped here.
I've also paid some dues in that I'm being prosecuted for endeavoring to further crypto-anarchy.I've had one 3000$ notebook seized and held over 8 months.I spit in the eye of "happy fun court".I try and propagate crypto-anarchist ideas in other forums,(like indymedia) Im available in meatspace and respond to civil e-mail.I believe I differ from jei and choate in that I avoid posting mainstream and 'obvious' stories and as I said at the start Im STORING things here,if your laptop was seized you might be looking to online storage as well.Game theory should tell you I'm playing chicken.

@_date: 2002-02-07 06:30:32
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RE: list spam, game theory, etal. 
>>Read my post again. My problem was not with folks who want to talk or flame on or off topic.
Not replying to posts from me RE you,Peter,leaves you open here.Are you scared to respond,Lazy?Hipyocritical?
  >>It is with a person who disregards the entire notion of using the list for discourse of any kind.<<
Only if no discourse is entered.Ive responded to all mail directed to me.I also have a meat adress.
 >>He posts things to the list (and thus into the archives) simply as a storage device - saving him the time and trouble of having to save them to disk. <<
Ive explained why I do that,why shouldnt I if I feel Im contributing some balance and not exceeding Hard spam parameters.Even the hard spam may be usefull,See Spammimic.The fucking P.I.Gs seized my 1st disk Peter,are you going to buy me a new one or even complain? Your whinge about CJ left him wide open for a repeat Roust.Where is your apology/rationale for that? You also come here spamming corporate tripe.Who is the sociopathic jerk here?
 >>He is indifferent to whether anyone else reads them or not. <<
I read them,treasure them and return often.This is a good weblong for me as I await trial for advancing crypto-anarchy.
You seem more concerned with flogging security to Chinas Gestapo.Fuck you Trei.
 >>This is abuse of the whole notion of a mailing list as a place of discourse. <<
Bushit,I even discourse with low hoes like justine and timmy.
 >>It is a sociopathic disregard for everyone who uses the list as a place for discussion and persuasion. It is more contemptable than even spam. Peter Trei <<
Trei harder peter,and answer a couple of questions you coward.Your contemptible.Why did you out CJ?
Are you a sexist,racist pig like May? Why do you come here as a corporate shill for a security company that works hand in glove with one the top two terror States?Did RSA lie to sarah Flannery about her algorithm?
Whats the SEC looking at RSA for? Do your bosses know you contribute to this list? Would you like me to send them some recent posts from it? Is the RSA stock set to go south as people demand ethical investment?
Do you lie and weasel your way around the office as much as you do here?
And when did you stop beating your wife?

@_date: 2002-02-07 06:58:25
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || technology and culture, from the trenches 
libertarian != anarchist (4.11 / 9) ( (Scrolled down about a dozen to find this)
by doviende on Tue Feb 5th, 2002 at 03:34:17 PM EST
(pete AT linux HYPHEN geek DOT net) just to clear things up, the historical definition of anarchism (it being a philosophy dating back hundreds of years), is the belief that power and domination are harmful and unnecessary in society.
one consequence of this belief in the abolition of hierarchical authority is the abolition of government, but wanting to get rid of government is not a sufficient condition for being an anarchist. It is a necessary condition (but not sufficient).
Because of the hierarchical nature of capitalism, anarchists oppose that too, as well as racism, sexism, and homophobia.
since the libertarians don't have an analysis of authority in general, but merely oppose the State, they are not anarchists, but merely anti-government. Libertarians will freely admit that in many cases it's ok for one person to hold power over other people, as long as it's not "government" over them. In effect, with their private mercenary militia ideas (if you're rich enough, you hire your own army to hold your vast tracts of land), and their total control over whatever land area they claim to "own", they recreate a dictatorship on their own "property".
In the libertarian view, you don't seem to have any rights at all if you don't own some property. and if you "own" the property that a town is on, then you have the right to dictate what happens in that town.
So, i would say that it's quite clear that libertarians are not anarchists, because anarchism has always been about opposing ALL power and domination, not just "government", and libertarians only oppose government, not other kinds of power and authority (ie economic, social).
for more info about this view of "property", see here For more info on why libertarians are not anarchists, see here , and for more general anarchist stuff, see here.

@_date: 2002-02-08 08:07:06
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Letters on technology and Mediation. 
Its worth looking through these letters if you've ever heard some CALC suckhole whinge about activists using cellphones,night vision,GPS,etc.
"Historically, it has been essentially impossible to adequately motivate an assassin, ensuring his safety and anonymity as well, if only because it has been impossible to PAY him in a form that nobody can trace, and to ensure the silence of all potential witnesses. Even if a person was willing to die in the act, he would want to know that the people he chooses would get the reward, but if they themselves were identified they'd be targets of revenge. All that's changed with the advent of public-key encryption and digital cash. Now, it should be possible to announce a standing offer to all comers that a large sum of digital cash will be sent to him in an untraceable fashion should he meet certain "conditions," conditions which don't even have to include proving (or, for that matter, even claiming) that he was somehow responsible for a death." Jim Bell-patron saint of the

@_date: 2002-02-09 06:28:45
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Man Charged With Molesting Boys (washingtonpost.com) 
>>I guess you missed the part where his diary was encrypted...creepy
SOB...like something right out of Exquisite Corpse.
Crypto is not all a 'white' technology, clearly it won't solve mankinds
problems, however widely it might be distributed. It is like totally
useful though, f'r sure.<<
Ohio guy serving lengthy term wishes he'd encrypted diary,mom dobbed him Crypto is perfectly capable of dealing with problems like this.APster in a word.(thanks to mike M.)
Pledges sought to be pooled and paid for the closest prediction of this birds leaving jail.My proffr 1$.
Did you'll see freerepublics being sued for constant reposting of Washpost and other stories?

@_date: 2002-02-09 08:44:07
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Cruel and unusual punishment. 
Dirty high water retreat by judicial terrorist scum.
Calif. Court Weakens 3-Strikes Law
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - In a serious blow to California's three-strikes law, a federal appeals court has ruled that life in prison for shoplifting is cruel and unusual punishment.
Thursday's decision by a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (news - web sites) is expected to overturn the sentences of 340 people serving life terms for shoplifting. It also may spark appeals from inmates serving life for other nonviolent offenses in California, one of a number of states where ``three-strikes'' laws permit long sentences for criminals convicted of a third felony.
The California law is the harshest of those repeat offender statutes. It lets judges sentence defendants to 25 years-to-life for any felony conviction if they have already been convicted of two serious or violent felonies. A serious felony could include burglary of an unoccupied house or shoplifting.MORE...inc comment.

@_date: 2002-02-12 12:08:54
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Cruel and unusual punishment 
>>> AP is certainly no tool "for the people." The concept is closest to Mao's > "fundamental" force or primitive warfare. But AP is based on cowardice, not > courage. Division, instead of unity. Criminality, rather than cause. Enmity, > not education. etc. It's "the Greece mistake" no? -- a warning to anybody > that seeks to play on criminal mentality to achieve a social or political > change?
I must say that I prefer this any day to "let's arrest Jim Bell". It doesn't mean that I agree with it, but at least there's an attempt to reason instead of mere force. Not that force doesn't have its advantages :) Mark <<
Attempt to reason,Que? and when did Jim get out?

@_date: 2002-02-11 03:41:28
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment 
>Assassination has proven a poor political >solution for revolutionary climates, People's >War, and political agendas. Killing only gets >you a body. Michael Collins was proficient >(Anglo-Irish War >1916-1921), but even he caught > the bullet -- and he had a lot of things going >for him that some of you don't.
Ever since, >people have tried to use assassination as a tool >for this genre of warfare. The problem is >reprisals and replacement.
 >Assuming AP was possible, why would ANYBODY want >uncontrolled assassination?
  Drug lords, mobsters and government security agencies all know assassination is pretty damn close to "uncontrolled" right now. It's only these fatass cerebral couch potato commandos and schizoid tech nerds who don't have the skills and/or courage of their convictions to actually put down the snackycakes, get off the fucking couch and make something happen who think AP is anything to write home about. <<
The beauty of APster is anyone with a connection and a few e-dinars can participate,Anyone! Its a selling point,stupid.
 >>There's not a doubt in my mind people use encryption to facilitate assasinations as it is. AP is just a loser's wet dream: <<
Um,excuse me,but isnt AP mainly about using encryption to facilitate assassination's? If its a poor description of an emergance of something new,maybe you could write a better one?
 >>"what if we weren't so abysmally impotent!" "what if someone paid attention to me!" <<
Being anonymous doesn't add much weight to these jabs.Try viagra and get a  >>"What if I could use the four bucks my mother gave me to KILLL someone who said something I didn't like on a mailing list!" Fucking pathetic. <<
You can add it to mine if we both dislike the same person.Anonymity is your friend then.It could also be therapeutic,"don't bottle it up!" APster was originally proposed for saddam,it could easily transfer to USAsama.Whats pathetic about saving lives and vast sums of money?One of his wives might do it if the payment was encrypted.Not popularizing APster makes all those in Govt that know of it culpable in my book.There will be reperccusions after the crypto-revolution,I promise you.Is the Govt even encrypting the 2.5 mill reward for the US govt rogue terror agent anthrax?
(The above >><< cant be an ad hominem on me because just one short post from me led to Ohio law enforcement being made jackasses of,they even started to set up a grand jury! Truly pathetic.)
 >Also, in today's culture, anonymous >assassination is not want most assassins >want. They want identification, because of >the "pussy-profile" associated >with amateur assassins, <<
Offing some nazi celebrities like Cruise and Travolta should fix that.(my 2c)
and assassination meme >followers. Government assassins don't share this motivation. What this implies about your use of the word "most" remains to be seen. *** "When badgers fight, then everyone's a foe." --John Clare. <<
Thanks guys for keeping APster alive,Id don't know what I'd do without youse.Kill the prez,pr.

@_date: 2002-02-10 01:14:32
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Cruel and unusual punishment 
>>I don't think anything short of anon. betting pools will work in today's political climate of wealth redistribution and "textualist" interpretative SC decisions.
I agree,how about ponying up a buck or two for dick Armitage? Or select your own targeted action and Ill chip in.
Who else here is sick and tired of senile ramblings and parchment worship,IS this a circle of eunuchs?
Everything on my hard drive is now encrypted and a sign on the door,next to the warning about the high tech alarms,says "My passphase is protected by the 5th ammendment."
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments?" JB saint of Lompoc.

@_date: 2002-02-10 08:45:07
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Choate charged over molesting small gerbils 
Thanks for confirming,(by not denying) the subject line,I usually double check net rumors.STOP IT JIM,ITS CRUEL.
 >>Irrelevant to the issue at hand. Nice strawman though. The fact is that you promise something that AP can't deliver, a better answer. <<
I don't promise anything,I'm not running for office.I'm trying to usher in crypto-anarchy in order to try and save lives.
No sane human being can promise to end evil.(hi shrub! keep taking the  > One beauty of APster is it will > kill the turbo-charged capitalism that's driving up pedophilia.(as well as > known and suspected pedo's) Hardly. <<
Why hardly? How long do you think these chickenshit CALCers,who couldn't organize a piss up in a brewery,would last without their mommy,the State.*Hardly* is hardly an argument.Some priests that molest kids need killing,roll on APster.
 > Why assume a hierachy is necessary? Exactly what I'm asking you to demonstrate. It is what you promise after all.
As I said.I promise nothing.The fact that hierarchy is unnecessary is revolutionary hirstory,(Makhno,Durrutti) Seems most of our 10's of thousands of years of evolution formal hierarchy has been unnecessary.Primitivist anarchs have a bit of science behind them.Its been unnecessary to the explosion of anarchism in the last few years.Have you even read May's inane babble on crypto-anarchy? Was he right to call you a rodent for sucking federal dick?
professor rats axis of evil-Capitalism,Church and State.Kill the president.Pope and B,Gates.APster NOW! (my 2c)

@_date: 2002-02-10 01:01:22
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Choate charged over molesting small gerbils 
>>Unfortunatley it won't. AP can't do anything until AFTER the perp has been caught, way too late to 'deal with' this sort of problem.<<
The present set up catches them BEFORE? One beauty of APster is it will kill the turbo-charged capitalism that's driving up pedophilia.(as well as known and suspected pedo's)
  >>My standard problem to CACL sorts (unexplained to date): A mass murder is traveling around the country Anarchia. He is very carefull and takes random victims and disposes of them in random ways. How would a CACL based society handle this sort of situation?<<
If CALC sorts called their country Anarchia thats false advertising.(like Mays *crypto-anarchy) Presumably with APster the predictions would pile up till the perp was caught.Better than leaving it to incompetents like the Also people should all be armed with e-guns like metalstorm and small camcorders like a "black box".Think judge dread,the comic,not the movie.
  >>How would even the existance of the single murderer be discovered since there is no heirarchy in which to share and manage criminal investigations.<<
Why assume a hierachy is necessary? A collective consciousness is already investigating the crimes of State terrorists,and pronouncing sentence in some case's.(Steve Roach,your a dead man.) A top flight forensic crew will be required to prove APster *predictions correct or otherwise with DNA as the gold standard.Profiling wont go away.
The fact you assume a hierachy,apart from a natural sort of pecking order,is needed speaks volumes about you.
  >>After all the 'law enforcement' is nothing more than a bunch of loosely organized, unfunded businesses whose major goal is profitability (otherwise they don't exist next year). <<
Loosely organized,unfunded entities should not live long,I worry about you jim.

@_date: 2002-02-10 07:51:34
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Uptight texan Assholes analyze WSF,Brazil meet. 
Anti-Globalists Make a Play for Legitimacy
The latest World Social Forum indicates that the anti-
globalization movement is attempting to address two fundamental
weaknesses -- a lack of legitimacy and a lack of organization.
Though the disparate groups are unlikely to ever forge a unified
coalition that can challenge the global power brokers, pushing
their agenda through established, mainstream organizations like
the United Nations could allow them to affect policy on local and
national levels.
An anti-globalization group known as the International Forum on
Globalization (IFG) released several recommendations for
restructuring the global economy Feb. 2 at the World Social Forum
(WSF) in Porto Alegre, Brazil. The recommendations range from
limiting corporate power to folding a wide range of new
responsibilities and regulatory powers into the United Nations.
The substance of this and other proposals coming out of Porto
Alegre is less significant than the fact that the anti-
globalization movement is clearly seeking to move beyond its
radical, protest-driven roots to develop a concrete agenda. WSF
organizers and many of its participants are focused on bringing
the anti-globalization agenda into the mainstream. Part of this
strategy will include using more mainstream groups and
organizations, like the U.N., as a platform for their agenda.
The WSF -- which brings together a number of activist groups,
including the IFG -- will never operate from a position of global
power and therefore will not bring about major changes in global
policies and organizations. However, by working its agenda
through established organizations, the diverse members of the
anti-globalization movement may be able to gain more leverage at
the local and national level. At the same time, groups could find
themselves in unusual partnerships against a common enemy: the
United States.
The history of the anti-globalization movement -- which comprises
non-governmental organizations, leftist politicians, advocates
and protesters -- has actually worked against it. The movement is
still saddled with images of anarchists trashing Starbucks at the
1999 World Trade Organization meeting in Seattle and agro-
protestors burning genetically modified corn in a Brazilian field
owned by Mansanto last year at the first WSF summit. The
prevailing view in many circles is that WSF participants are
largely angry contrarians and malcontents who lack serious
alternatives to the status quo, so they are disregarded.
WSF organizers and participants are now attempting to address two
fundamental weaknesses: a lack of legitimacy -- which is closely
tied to its public image problems -- and a lack of organization.
While media coverage of the 1999 WTO meeting and last year's WSF
summit focused primarily on the protests, most reports from Porto
Alegre this year point to a more substantive agenda, one full of
serious debate on issues and viable alternatives to the status
Headlines like "More Focus on Policy than Protest" from the
Associated Press and "Serious Ideas Behind the Theatrics" in the
Financial Times represent serious victories for the WSF. The
message now being delivered is that anti-globalists are not all
completely against "globalization" per se, but rather against
what they term "unfettered globalization" or "unrestrained
corporate power." Rather than dwelling on the unadulterated evils
of globalization, they talk of "progressive social reform."
"We say 'yes' to globalization, but with some limits," WSF
delegate Louise Beaudouin, the foreign minister of Quebec
province, was quoted as saying by the Associated Press.
Some of those limits were outlined in the IFG report as well as
in a closing document adopted by the summit. Broadly, proposed
reforms centered around increasing aid to the developing world,
improving global governance, reining in corporate power and the
movement of capital and placing more protections on labor and the
environment. The United States and large multi-national
corporations remain the main antagonists.
In another bow to legitimacy, WSF organizers sought to diminish
the presence and influence of more radical elements. They shunned
anarchist groups and kept other figures at a distance -- such as
radical French farmer Jose Bove, who made his name by burning
down a McDonald's in France and led the burning of the Mansanto
field last year.
Certain attendees also added to the legitimacy of the WSF.
Several World Bank and U.N. officials attended, including U.N.
Human Rights High Commissioner Mary Robinson. The speaking
schedule was replete with Nobel Prize winners. Liberal
politicians were also out in force, including six junior
ministers and three presidential candidates from France and Luis
Inacio "Lula" da Silva, the leading leftist candidate in Brazil's
presidential race. Da Silva made several strong statements
condemning U.S. dominance in the Americas and opposing plans for
a Free Trade Agreement of the Americas.
Heavy-hitting attendees not only add credence to the forum but
also point toward future alliances that anti-globalists will use
to forward their agenda. Organizing the hundreds of disparate
groups into one umbrella organization is a nearly impossible
task. An alternative strategy -- which simultaneously addresses
issues of legitimacy and organization -- is to dovetail with
larger and more established organizations that share similar
views on specific issues.
The IFG report puts a good deal of emphasis on the United
Nations. Anti-globalists may look to the U.N., especially its
bureaucratic arm, as a platform to push issues ranging from
capital controls to environmental and labor protection. The U.N.
will probably never have greater authority than it currently
possesses over such issues, since that would require Security
Council approval and charter reform. But existing U.N.
commissions could press for greater recognition of the anti-
globalist agenda.
Working through the U.N. has another advantage. The anti-
globalist agenda is broadly opposed to excessive U.S. power.
Countries looking to irritate the United States or curtail its
influence can use WSF issues within the structure of the U.N. to
indirectly challenge Washington.
Other organizations that the WSF participants could look to are
the International Labor Organization and the World Health
Organization. There also is an overlap between many WSF
participants and a relatively new Commission on Globalization.
Several NGO leaders including Lori Wallach, director of Public
Citizen's Global Trade Watch and a leading movement figure, are
co-chairs in the commission along with such mainstream figures as
Mary Robinson, George Soros, Mikhail Gorbachev, former World Bank
Chief Economist Joseph Stiglitz and International Labor
Organization Director-General Juan Somavia.
The more closely WSF participants can associate themselves and
their causes with organizations like the Commission for
Globalization -- and with politicians who share their views on
specific issues -- the more legitimacy they gain and the more
buzz their issues receive.
And in the end, this is all about buzz. Anti-globalists are
unlikely to effect change on a global level. Rather, the groups
attending gatherings like the WSF seek to co-opt power and create
leverage they can use on local, regional and, at most, national
levels. The more their issues are talked about globally, the more
pressure they can put on the local centers of power and the more
effective they will be at altering the status quo in small and
incremental ways.
The most effective anti-globalists will recognize both the
strengths and limitations of this strategy.

@_date: 2002-02-11 06:36:42
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Do you work for the US Govt? 
The ghost of james JESUS F CHRIST! Angleton must be haunting you right now.I hope you die of fright.
The FEB 9 edition page 8.read it and weep.
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-11 05:54:03
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Choating on democracy 
Eat your heart out jimbo!
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-12 12:36:06
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Will the Govt encrypt the 2.5 mill reward for agent anthrax? 
We all know USGovt. slime infest this site,PJ,Maurice+Faustine and Aimee,the CointelPRO hoes.There's probably others
Will the Govt. encrypt the 2.5 mill reward for agent anthrax?
And if not,why not? You want some big *threat* to justify all your lurks and perks? Be careful what you wish for.
"Surrounded by Moslem maniacs on one side and Christian maniacs on the other, the wise Lord Hassan [al-Sabbah] preserved his people and his cult by bringing the art of assassination to aesthetic perfection. With just a few daggers strategically placed in exactly the right throats, he found Wisdom's alternative to war, and preserved the peoples by killing their leaders. Truly, his was a most exemplary life of grandmotherly kindness." Anarchy Al Ackbar!

@_date: 2002-02-13 01:57:49
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: green activist calls self 'terrorist' 
>>Wonder what kind of deal he got for calling himself a "terrorist" (tm, USG)
They were calling ELF and ALF people terrorists prior to 9-11,Jeff "free' luers is serving 22 years for torching SUV's
Cars more important than house's? The sentences seem extreme compared to murder and rape.Also Chris Boyce and Leonard Peltier have served over 20 years each and they didn't kill anyone either.18 years! Cruel and unusual .
"Terrorism really flourishes in areas of poverty, despair and hopelessness, where people see no future."C.Powell.

@_date: 2002-02-13 04:35:26
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: The Axis fund. 
Go long on RSA I "The logical choice for the jingo investor in wartime, the Axis fund is a compendium of companies that stand to make a killing in the war on terror. Axis is designed to profit in times of hostility and fear."
Daily Bleedster...1956 -- Crypt-kicker Screamin' Jay Hawkins records I Put a Spell on You for Okeh records in New York City.
Go long on RSA I
"The logical choice for the jingo investor in wartime, the Axis fund
is a compendium of companies that stand to make a killing in the war on
terror. Axis is designed to profit in times of hostility and
Daily Bleedster...1956 -- Crypt-kicker Screamin' Jay Hawkins records I
Put a Spell on You for Okeh records in New York City.

@_date: 2002-02-13 06:12:29
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: TERRORISM AGAINST BLACKS IN AMERIKKKA 
________________________________________________
BY ALI KHALID ABDULLAH
Since September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center (WTC) and the
Pentagon we have heard much rhetoric aout "terrorists" attacks and presumed
attacks to come. Many who have claimed to be social activists,
revolutionaries, peace seekers, liberals, etc., have defended the
governments term of what is terrorism and have come "full force" claiming
"terrorism is terrorism." However, those same people seem to have lost their
voice when it comes to Black people being the victims of terrorist acts.
They seem to forget the abuses Blacks have suffered at the hands of the
United States government and white Amerikkka.
Black people in Amerikkka have suffered many acts of terrorism, such as:
- being shipped from Afrika to Amerikkka in slave ships;
- surviving over 400 yeras of genocidal oppression on Amerikkkan shores;
- human suffering caused by both terrorism and racial hatred;
- amputations, beatings, rapes, lynchings, and chattel slavery;
- the New York Draft riots of 1863;
- post-reconstruction terrorism by the Klu Klux Klan;
- the Tulsa Race Riots of 1921;
- government-sponsored Counter-Intelligence Program (COINTELPRO) of the 1960s;
- the bombing of Black churches and homes;
- contemporary state-sanctioned police murders and brutality of scores of
black men and wimmin;
- the trumping up, rounding up and locking up hundreds of thousands of young
black males and females;
- the dumpting of tonnes of heroin into Black communities in the 1970s and cocaine throughout the 1980s.
This is merely a short list of some of the terrorist acts committed against
Black people in Amerikkka but I am not hearing white Amerikkka effectively
denouncing these acts. Nor have I ever read or heard the Red Cross get on
national television and petition the country to send money in to the victims
of Black genocide. I have not heard or seen any relief efforts being
recommended to stop the importation of drugs into the Black community (that
isn't coming into our communities by Black owned planes and cargo ships.)
What I do hear, however, is a huge cry by whites who refuse to want to even
have this government publicly accept responsibility and denounce its role in
enslaving millions of people. Or to give reparations as the Jews and the
Japanese have received.
White Amerikkka has to face itself and speak the truth when it speaks of
terrorism, or terrorism cannot end. It cannot end when you have the pot
callling the kettle black.
(c) January 2002
For more information on Ali, his writings, and what
you can do to help him, please contact the following
address. Funding is especially needed.
International Campaign to Free Ali Khalid Abdullah
c/o Pushing Forward
2716 SE 21st Ave
Portland, 97202 OR
e-mail: freeali
Contact Ali himself via:
Ali Khalid Abdullah
Thumb Correctional Facility
3225 John Conley Drive
Lapeer, MI 148446

@_date: 2002-02-13 22:25:38
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RE: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
>>There are MILLIONS of people that stand between that boy and evil of any sort, and support his Daddy.<<
Well if they're as scatterbrained as you I'm concerned.What if his Daddy is evil? He seems to me to be.
  >>He might read this someday, and he'll probably come to the conclusion that his father was a tolerant man, despite perceptions to the contrary.<<
I'd like to ask him what he thinks of his dad's actions.The actions demonstrate intolerance.
  >>Jim Bell was arrested for stalking "protected persons." <<
Are they like royalty and the aristocracy was before the Guillotine?
 >>Not even our military is exposed to the sort of personalized fear and exposure that public servants and their families experience today. <<
WoW! It must be worse than 'Ghan over there,I had no idea!
 >>"War is an act of force to compel our enemy to do our will."<<
Like collecting taxes? Bearing false witness? Spying and lying?
  >>Where a man's family is concerned, words count.<<
So Faustine cant call me a SOB.? And the shrub isn't a MOTHERFUCKER!
  >>I'm fairly certain you just crossed the Rubicon. ~Aimee <<
Incoherent  security groupie gets her knickers in a knot.Kill the president and the next and the next and ...
I'm an entertainment journalist,in the aussi context that means I can say what ever the fuck I want.So fuck you.
"Free speech I may tersely define as ,no opinion a law,no opinion a

@_date: 2002-02-13 08:25:15
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
Vancouver Wa. (AP) -Josh Gordons new face looks a lot like his old one, before a flesh-eating fungus ate away his eyes, nose, cheeks and the roof of his mouth.
Like a mask, the newly created prosthetic face he received earlier this month fits neatly over the hole. Silicone skin blends with Joshua's skin tone, eyebrows are made from his own hair and the glass eyes, from which he'll never see, match the brown hue of the originals.
"The first thing we did after I got my new face was go to a public restaurant and have a steak dinner," said Josh who had avoided going out because of his disfiguration. "I felt wonderful; I felt pretty."
Josh wears rose-tinted shades to take attention away from the mask's unblinking eyes,"Id like to thank the doctors and my father who works nights as a carny to pay them"he stammers out through great choking sobs.
He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself. - --Thomas Paine

@_date: 2002-02-14 00:39:09
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Research shows just how much people hate a winner... 
>>experiment measures the dark side of human nature."
As did the Stanley Milgram experiments,Choate extrapolates that "anarchy utopia's" are impossible from stuff like this.
1st he confuses anarchists and utopians and mixes them up.
2cnd he draws gross generalizations from limited data,he's a poor scientist.
3rd he's unduly pessimistic after these mistakes and that makes him paranoid,flighty and moody.
He is constantly prone to absolutist and mistaken assumptions.Life is black and white on Choate prime.
CALCers to the right! Anarchist utopian's to the left!  Jim...LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU!
"Anarchy is not lack of order. Anarchy is lack of ORDERS."

@_date: 2002-02-14 05:16:05
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Bush Adviser Warns Cyberterrorists (washingtonpost.com) 
>>From the Moonie's article..."if I was a betting man, I'd bet that many of our key infrastructure systems already have been penetrated."
CEASEHACK! The enemy has somehow ascertained knowledge of our presence at the heart of the Wermacht!
The enemy plans to spread out the net and reduce critical nodes where possible,CURSES,We are done for.SURRENDER! ROTFLMAO!
I am confident that C/punks will be able to end the legend of the so-called superpower that is America. Quim Magazine
that many of our key infrastructure systems already have been
CEASEHACK! The enemy has somehow ascertained knowledge of our presence at
the heart of the Wermacht!
The enemy plans to spread out the net and reduce critical nodes where
possible,CURSES,We are done for.SURRENDER! ROTFLMAO!
I am confident that C/punks will be able to end the legend of the
so-called superpower that is America. Quim Magazine

@_date: 2002-02-14 08:14:06
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Q+A,Direct Democracy. 
>>Representative democracy mediated by a constitution is the most efficient form of democracy (which is the most efficient form of government)<<
Direct democracy by definition is more efficient than representative.So Direct democracy is the most efficient.A constitution is unnecessary.Mediation is by voting.
.>> It describes the duties of the government, the responsibilities of the Dead White mans parchment worship has run its course,it was fun while it lasted.Maybe it can be saved on Choate prime?
  >>limits the gross authority of the masses to something less than absolute. Which is critical for any democracy -<<
Mescaline or tequila?
  >>something CACL philosophy doesn't do at all since it allows economic coersion to exist without limit. <<
Those who propose it don't actually want to go off and try it so I scorn such philosophy.Anarchism seeks to limit economic coercion  with workers control.(and APster?)
 >>And protects the individual from abuse. Like all systems, it only works if people use it. <<
Life's fine on Choate prime."Everything is A-OK!"
 >>Even CACL philosophy can't claim to work unless people use it (and people don't, which speaks for itself).
They do try anarchism.The Magonista's in your Hood and Makhno and Durruti elsewhere.CALC is a joke,no ones defending it here lately except that twit Faustine.Your confusing anarchism with anarcho-capitalism and Strawmanning.
  > With the net its cheaper everyday but unless you know a way of jacking up your nervous system that time frame won't change. <<
I'm reading Snowcrash.

@_date: 2002-02-14 06:33:20
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Q+A,Direct Democracy. 
>>What 'direct democracy' does is: - Does not recognize the concept of 'rights', let alone individual rights. -<<
Doesn't recognize parchment worship.You can vote though.
  >>Does not allow that people have other things to do with their lives than spend it in endless vote after endless vote, <<
Choate's poverty stricken version of "democracy' is now shown in harsh relief.What a fraud you are jim.
 >>and the endless barter this implies. It's economic cost alone are incredible in that people are not looking after their own interests but rather the interests of the voting process. -<<
With the net its cheaper everyday but is choatian "democracy" subservient to base economies?Democracy for the rich?
 >> Creates a societal framework that is fragile and overly dynamic. This 'churn' will cause the business and technology community, to say nothing of the arts and philosophies, to spend an inordinate amount of effort and resources in compensating for a fickle social atmosphere. <<
It you cant stand the heat get out of the democratic kitchen you weenie.
 >>For a democracy to work, irrespective of its other mechanisms, <<
 >>it MUST have a constitution that sets the HARD limits on the actions of the 'majority' within the broad context of 'rights' and 'responsibility'. <<
On Choate prime.

@_date: 2002-02-14 00:07:56
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A,Direct Democracy. 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER Q. What is Direct Democracy? A. Anarchists are fond of using the term direct democracy to describe decision-making processes within an anarchist community. In its simplest form it means that the people who are affected by a decision, make that decision. Direct Democracy is a process that is not just used by anarchists. The difference between an anarchist community and any other community is based on the principles of association (constitution) that bind that community together. An anarchist community is based on two principles of association, equal access to power and wealth. Direct Democratic principles can be applied in societies with different principles of association to an anarchist community. People who live in a society based on Direct Democratic principles make decisions about their lives. They don¹t give a representative power to make decisions for them. Once they have made a particular decision they elect or appoint delegates to co-ordinate that decision with other communities that have made decisions about the same issue. The delegates enter into discussions with other delegates and come up with a compromise decision based on the decision that they have carried to the meeting. They do not have the authority of the group they are acting as delegates for, to accept this compromise decision. They need to take this decision back to the group they are acting as delegates for, for ratification. Although the process may at first seem cumbersome, its strength lies in peoples¹ participation in the decision-making processes. Once a decision is made, the community would throw their support behind the decision they have made. The differences between representative and direct democracy, are as marked as the difference between night and day. Direct democracy tends to incorporate, not alienate people from the political process. The greater the level of participation in the decision making process, the more likely any decision made is carried out. Direct democracy increases interest in the communities¹ affairs, because the people involved in that decision, know that ultimately they will be making that decision.

@_date: 2002-02-15 06:19:01
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: LNE C-punks archive 
>>Never mind my suggestions above. Yours is not really a serious archive.
ObYoung: Do as thou wilt shall be the hole of the INSLAW.
--Tim May
Theres hope for the old geezer yet!.(or else he really has become senile.)
I am working on a serious archive of selected posts.Please bear with me till this meisterwork of datamined filtration,distillation and pith is published.I'm afraid I don't trust Bloggers.(unless they've been around as long as you crypt-kickers.)
It would assist if no one here mentions my name.I wouldn't feel obliged to respond then."Momma dont let your children grow up to be C/punks."
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.
above. Yours is not really a serious archive.
ObYoung: Do as thou wilt shall be the hole of the INSLAW.
--Tim May
Theres hope for the old geezer yet!.(or else he really has become
I am working on a serious archive of selected posts.Please bear with me
till this meisterwork of datamined filtration,distillation and pith is
published.I'm afraid I don't trust Bloggers.(unless they've been around
as long as you crypt-kickers.)
It would assist if no one here mentions my name.I wouldn't feel obliged
to respond then."Momma dont let your children grow up to be
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism
without liberty is slavery and brutality."Mikhail Bakunin.

@_date: 2002-02-16 04:21:08
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Re: ftc making noises against anon email 
>>The article also refers to the Cypherpunks as an anonymous remailer CIANN? Ever get that lit up feeling? You narco-terrorist,money laundering,pedophile hit man,you. Indymedia is more anonymous than cypherpunks.(If you don't remail) Much better plausible deniability,too,IMO.
"How can we translate the freedom afforded by the Internet to ordinary life?" How can we keep government from banning encryption, digital cash, and other systems that will improve our freedom?" Suddenly, Bell had a revolutionary idea. ("Revolutionary" is the word he uses, and it fits.)"Kill the president and anyone who works for CNN.pr.(my 2$)

@_date: 2002-02-15 08:08:25
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: RSA shitting bricks over stocks slide,scrutiny.SELL RSA! 
Now they've cloned a cat,we wont need Peter Trei,I guess.Your china,professor rat.

@_date: 2002-02-16 08:18:59
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: Quis custodiet ipsos custodes: SS and jailbait 
HAHAHA! Couldn't have been rick Walkinshaw as he's into Coprophiligia.The SS are catching up quickly with the spectacular series of fuckups that "Mary's" mob's (FBI)  racked up. Way to go boys! Go back to Makin Bacon.
"If Mr. Gandhi can protect his sister from rape through nonviolent means, then I will be a pacifist."Simone Weill.

@_date: 2002-02-16 11:27:25
@_author: proffr11 
@_subject: "the cancer stage of capitalism" 
>>capitalism as a cancerous growth... would be interested to hear any reactions... maybe this is the wrong crowd :p
APster capitalism could be extremely stable,scalable and sustainable."The invisible hand of the market"
Double blind APster trials needed.As long as you have any scarcity,a market is the best way to distribute resources.IMO.
The human race as cancerous growth...no argument there.Anthrax trials look promising.Kill the president,pr.
(Many of the messages posted to cypherpunks over the years have violated copyright, federal laws, and societal mores.)
A million mojo-dollars and 15 feet of pure white snow
for the head of george walker bush,payment on delivery.
