
@_date: 2001-09-11 22:53:17
@_author: "Cesar Quisumbing" 
@_subject: Hi There !First Name! 
I am very sorry. It was an error in my part sending you my last email. This will not happen again.
I apologize,

@_date: 2001-09-11 20:34:09
@_author: "Cesar Quisumbing" 
@_subject: Hi There 
, My name is Cesar and I am one of your upline sponsors in DHS :-) I would like to welcome you to one of the most explosive ways to earn money on the Internet. If you are serious in earning a solid, stable, fast income, then read the information we send so you can learn more about DHS. You now have hundreds coming into your downline and I want you to realize what this can mean to you. Finding the right Internet Opportunity can be frustrating, costly, and prone to error. The wrong choices lead to wasted time, effort, and money. We invite you to make an educated decision about DHS and that is why we offer these informational emails. I myself have been working for my DHS for only 2 months and this has brought me the fastest success than any program I have been involved with in the past. In my first month of working part-time I made Team Captain which brought me a Guaranteed income. My second month I worked at helping those below me to bring them to Team Captain and I have several Team Leaders under me. I am now earning $200 a Month. Each month my guaranteed income increases. This is absolutely the best system I've found and I don't doubt one bit that higher success is ahead a short distance for me. My sponsor has been involved in DHS in June 8, 2000 and is now earning a minimum of $1,500 monthly as a Diamond Director. She is now showing me how to duplicate what she did. Her sponsor has been involved in DHS just 1 year as of February 3rd 2001 and is already earning $4,000 a month with her efforts. Her sponsor joined 1 year ago December 2000 and is earning $5,000 a month Guaranteed income. Both of these ladies had reached the Presidents Club in just 4 months time. Amazing...Bottom line, this system works! Be sure to visit:  and see how many are moving up to explosive incomes. We offer a no cost, no obligation opportunity to online marketers in which they can watch their business grow before they get involved. Why are we doing this??? Because when they see the explosive growth and momentum, and how this program was designed to help any sincere marketer succeed, they accept the downline we've built under them and harvest their piece of this incredible event. Join the team of Internet Marketing Professionals that are presenting this opportunity to hundreds of people every day ! Hundreds of members are upgrading and taking advantage of these thousands of members who have come in after them. Yes, you can earn on those you have not personally sponsored. DHS has offered us the most unique opportunity - combining the explosive, skyrocketing growth of online buying along with anyone of kind money making system. No hype -- no false promises -- just the facts: 1) The reason it is wise to UPGRADE now is that others are upgrading as well. If you want these new VIP's to count towards your total TQ or GUARANTEED monthly income you need to become a VIP this month and put yourself in a money making position. 2) If you upgrade to a VIP, you will move above ALL of the other free members/PLPs that are currently below and ABOVE you. Then in the future, if any of them upgrade to VIPs, they, too, will go into your downline! Do you want to see how YOUR downline is already growing? Go to:  Just take your number and subtract it from the highest number within the last link and that is your total downline! 3) The DHS Club is continuously making exciting announcements that will make EVERYONE want to upgrade to a VIP Membership. This is done for you. We do the follow ups which is vital to any Entrepreneur's success. If you have enough faith to upgrade now, you will place yourself in an enviable position to quickly gain a large and growing downline. You must visit this site and take a look at how many have upgraded this month !! Notice they are from all over the world and this is a global opportunity.  Exactly how are we making money? Be sure to go to  Also watch for additional emails that will explain this to you so you can understand this clearly :-) Now this may or may not be for you at this time, but it's only a one time $49.95 to start your business and then $25 per month membership dues. BUT, you should never have to pay that $25 as only 4 VIPs upgrades and it is taken out of your commission check. Just 3 VIPs will give you a guaranteed profit. We help you achieve this goal and remember, free members are joining and upgrading every day and it's easy to offer free memberships :-) Be sure to visit:  Please email  at  with any questions you may have. If you decide to join right away, like I did, take your ID and head straight to  Then click on "Partner/VIP Application" Then click on Member to VIP Upgrade. Warm Regards, Cesar Quisumbing DHS Silver Manager If at anytime you chose to no longer receive updates about the DHS Club from myself please click here Mailto:?subject=Please_Remove__ or hit Reply and then type "please remove" in the Subject and your wishes will be honored
