
@_date: 2003-07-16 03:43:23
@_author: "Danielle Eidson" 
@_subject: Welcome to the LNDMarketing Newsletter 
Thank you for subscribing to the LND Marketing Newsletter!
Either you emailed me your wish to be added to my
Newsletter, you are a past customer of LNDMarketing,
or your name and email address were given to me by a lead generation company where you filled out a questionnaire wanting more information. Easy removal instructions can be found at the end of this mailing. Do you have your own online business? Don't know what to do?
Maybe you are an affiliate of some program. Need help marketing yourself? Need webdesign hints, tricks and ideas?
The LNDMarketing Newsletter is for you!
This newsletter is not just any business publication.  I
send weekly information that is vital to any online I dedicate my time in researching the most essential
marketing news and updates available.  This newsletter is
unique, yet personal.  I am always available to answer
questions or concerns that any of my subscribers may have.
Published weekly on Thursday to over 50,000 internet
marketers and webmasters who've asked to receive it.
The opinions expressed in this publication are those of the
writers and not of LNDMN. This publication may be
distributed, in its entirety to your friends and business
associates. Please forward it to anyone who may be Published by:
LNDMarketing Newsletter
Leads International, LLC.
1117 Desert Lane
Suite 161
Las Vegas, NV 89102
LNDMarketing Newsletter (C) 2000 - 2003 Leads International LLC
Warmest Regards,
Danielle Eidson
Editor LND Marketing Newsletter
If you would not like to receive any more emails from me
please click the link at the bottom of this letter.
You can permenantly remove any address by going to:
Please select the FIRST option, to ADD yourself to the global remove List. This will remove you from all lists currently subscribed and block you from being added to any list in the future. WARNING! This can NOT be undone. Any
email address added to the above link will be permenantly
removed! If you only wish to unsubscirbe to THIS autoresponder, please use the link at the bottom of this
This is an opt-in e-mail list.
To remove this email address from further mailings click on  the link below  while connected to the internet.
