
@_date: 2002-09-23 16:00:00
@_author: quickclickbingo 
@_subject: Rent All the DVDs You Want.  Try it for Free 
You are receiving this email as a special offer from Quickclickbingo to its subscribers. If you do not want to receive these emails from Quickclickbingo in the future, please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of this email.
Dear ,
Rent as many DVDs as you want for $20 a month from Netflix.
No due dates, no late fees and no hidden charges!  It’s simply the best way to rent DVDs .
Here’s how it works:
World’s Largest Selection
1 > Make a list online of the movies you want to see from over 12,000 titles.
Fast Free Delivery
2 > The movies you select arrive in 1-3 days via first-class mail.
No Late Fees
3 > Keep each DVD as long as you want. Keep up to 3 DVDs at a time.
Free, Pre-paid return envelopes 4 > Return one of your three DVDs in its free, pre-paid envelope and get another from your list - automatically. Click here to try Netflix for FREE!
 AOL Users Click Here
Free trial valid in the 50 United States and its territories and possessions only.  This limited introductory free trial offer expires 01/30/03 and cannot be combined with any other offer.  Limit one per household.  First-time customers only.  Internet access and valid credit or debit card required to redeem offer.  Netflix will begin to bill your credit card for monthly subscription fees of $19.95 at the completion of the free trial unless you cancel prior to the end of the free trial.  The Netflix Standard Program is a month-to-month subscription
 cancelable at anytime.  Click the “Your Account” button for cancellation instructions.  No refunds or credits for partial monthly subscription periods. Please visit  for complete terms and conditions, including length of free trial period.  Cash redemption value 1/1000 cent.  Netflix reserves the right to change terms and conditions at any time.  ©2002 Netflix, Inc.
Update your profile or unsubscribe here: Delivered by Topica Email Publisher,
