
@_date: 2002-06-05 06:47:53
@_author: quotes123@time-2-win.com 
@_subject: Mortgage Rate Quotes 
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
Your One Stop Source for all Your Financial Needs
THE LOWEST MORTGAGE RATES ON THE WEB - (Complete our easy online Form for a FREE Quote)
Don't Waste this Historical Opportunity!
* Good or Bad Credit
* Great Time to Purchase a New Home
* Refinance your Existing Mortgage & Lower Your Payments
* Convert your Adjustable Mortgage (ARM) to a low fixed loan.
* Lower Your Interest Rate on Your Current ARM.
* Convert to a 15 yr Mortgage - build equity faster.  * Need Cash? Home equity loan rates are priced right. Click For the Best Rates
Save Hundreds of Dollars Per Month (Great Rates) Don't Miss This Chance.
The Products We Offer:
New Home Purchase Home Equity Loans and Line of Credit
Home Improvement
Debt Consolidation
APPLY NOW
This has been brought to you by Time-2-Win.com. You are receiving this offer because you signed up with us directly or through one of our affiliates.  If you feel this email has reached you by mistake, or no longer wish to receive offers from Time-2-Win.com, please visit  to unsubscribe from our mailings. Thank you!
This offer was sent to cypherpunks
cypherpunks Mortgage Rate Quotes
RATES             ARE LOW - DON'T MISS THIS         OPPORTUNITY
Good or Bad Credit.
Ideal Time to Purchase a Home.
Refinance your Existing Mortgage - Lower your Current               Payments.
Convert your Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) to a low fixed               loan.
Convert your ARM to a better ARM.
Convert your 30 yr Mortgage to a 15 yr Mortgage - build               equity faster.
Need Cash? Home equity loan rates are priced               right. Save Hundreds of Dollars Each Month - Rates             are Great - Don't Miss This         Opportunity.
This has been brought to you by Time-2-Win.com. You are receiving this offer because you signed up with us directly or through one of our affiliates. If you feel this email has reached you by mistake, please accept our apologies. If you no longer wish to receive offers from Time-2-Win.com, please visit  to unsubscribe yourself from our databases. The email address that   was used for this offer is: cypherpunks
