
@_date: 2003-09-28 15:06:20
@_author: "Robert Seviour" 
@_subject: Our new seminar dates 
Listed here are the 3 seminars that Robert Seviour will be presenting in
various locations around the world between now and March 2004. For further
info please send us your details and we will send our brochure pack by
Selling for Engineers
One-day Seminar
The Selling for Engineers seminar is a good introduction to effective sales
principles for people who are new to selling, and also a useful refresher
for 'old hands'.  It applies to selling both technical products and
intangible services.
Many Sales Engineers have been learning the technical skills of their job
for years but have had little formal training in selling.  This course
helps correct that imbalance.  Typical job titles of delegates: Sales Engineer, Account Executive and
Business Development Manager.
Fee for this event is £300.
Telephone Sales Prospecting for Engineers
One-day Workshop
This event is a practical workshop teaching people in technical companies
how to find new customers on the phone.  It is applicable to business
development for both tangible products and intangible services.  The first
session addresses whom to target, what to say and how to handle problems. The remainder of the day consists of live sales calls with coaching from
Robert Seviour; the objective being to give delegates some positive
experiences of prospecting, make sales appointments and maybe sell
Please note that this telephone sales prospecting event is restricted to a
maximum of six delegates to permit individual coaching.
Fee for this event is £300.
Closing Techniques Workshop
One day workshop
What if the customer says:
"	"          'It's too expensive'
"	"          'We're happy with our present supplier'
"	"          'I want to think about it'
Can you handle these common objections?
By far the most efficient way to be more profitable is to turn more of the
enquiries you receive into paid orders.  For this, the ability to resolve
objections is critical - either you close or you lose the sale.
And if you answer 'How much discount will you give me?' with: 'I'll ask my
boss', you waste profit, which could be yours with a better reply.
In only a day I will teach you techniques which overcome these objections
and more. You will be able to use them immediately to win profitable orders.
There is no need to lose business to your competitors or give big
discounts. Fee for this event is £300. If you have never had any formal sales training or need a refresher, don't
continue to work at a disadvantage. Reservations and information
Please contact Sue on: Tel:  +44(0)1481 720 294     Fax: +44(0)1481 720 317
If sales training is not an issue for your company please reply to this
email with the word "DELETE" in the subject line.     We will remove your
details promptly.
