
@_date: 2001-09-12 18:07:30
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
I don't want to get roped into a pissing contest about this, so this will
probably be my only comment to this list on the matter.
First, a few facts.
Only two remailers have shut down: orange and cracker. And cracker's
reasons didn't have to do with current events. Another two remailers, hell
and randseed, have altered their mode of operation.
At present, I count 32 remailers in operation. This is up from 13 when I
opened my randseed last year. I expect to see at least two more remailers
going online in the next few days.
As for the morality of running a remailer: I highly doubt that mixmaster
remailers were used, are being used, or will be used in the planning and
execution of these physical terrorist attacks. Remailer operators should
feel no more "shame and guilt at providing a service which could foster
destruction" than those who build airplanes. (Particularly since
airplanes, unlike remailers, were clearly used in this attack.)
What I do fear is that a large load of bogus tips and impotent threats
will be made. Past experience has shown me that, while the Secret Service
understands how remailers function and what information their operators
can and cannot provide, the FBI (at least in the Silicon Valley) lacks an
understanding of this technology, and treats remailer operators themselves
as suspects.
I'm not in a position at present to risk imprisonment because I cannot
provide the identities of people using my system. I do not think that
Happy Fun Fed would be amused if I said "I don't keep logs, therefore I
can't tell you who A. Melon is. Yes, I understand that he confessed to the
attack -- I simply can't help you."
I rely on the equipment that runs the randseed remailer for multiple
uses. It hosts several other websites, provides my personal mail, and
hosts my website and resume -- particularly important to me, as I have
been unemployed since July. I can't afford to have this server seized.
I'll inevitably be accused of being cowardly or selfish for switching my
system over to middleman mode. To the cypherpunks making those
accusations, I ask: Do you run a remailer?
The remailer network has been around a lot longer than randseed. Even if
15 remailers ceased operation because of yesterday's events, there would
still be more remailers in operation than there were when I started.
There really is nothing news-worthy here.

@_date: 2001-12-12 05:41:38
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
The quoted portion is basically accurate (true to what I said), but I was
talking about theoretical attacks at that point. I think I said something
along the lines of:
"The cypherpunks developed a system based on the ideas in Chaum's 1981
paper. Penet-style remailers were potentially vulnerable to hackers and
court orders, which in fact ended up being the downfall of anon.penet.fi.
These problems prompted them to build better remailers."
I had this post up my screen when I was talking to him:
Penet was *in operation* prior to Eric and Hal's chained remailers, right?
If not, then that's my error.

@_date: 2001-12-20 00:51:09
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
Dear Cypherpunks and other unsavory characters,
I was recapping for some other remops a conversation that Tim sparked at
the last cypherpunks meeting regarding pay-per-use remailers, and I had
some additional thoughts. I'm not an expert on digital cash, so please
pardon me if I make any obvious errors. I welcome criticism of these ideas
and explanations as to why they won't work as well as tips for
I've been thinking about how to create pay-per-use remailers for some
time. The reasons for needing a remailer payment system are obvious: aside
from handling spamming and flooding, it would encourage more people to run
remailers. If a remailer operator can expect to make money off of a
remailer, or at least recoup his losses, he's more likely to do so.
(Discussion of how liability changes when money is involved is for a
different time.)
"Digital cash" in the traditional sense isn't necessary for a pay-per-use
remailer system. Like MojoNation, I am going to refer to the digital cash
coins as something that has no monetary value in the traditional sense.
Tim pointed out at the last meeting that what we think of as "money" has
no inherent value. If you think of the remailer digital cash coins as
tokens with a very specific purpose, a lot of the objections to using
digital cash disappear.
Additionally, I am assuming that there would be a suitable digital cash
algorithm that could be used for these purposes. I am aware that there are
algorithms similar to Chaum's in existence, but my level of knowledge
isn't sufficient to know if they would work for these purposes. In any
event, the Chaum patents expire soon enough. In this scheme, while the
anonymity of the token buyer is essential, neither the bank nor the seller
will have their anonymity protected.
The system would work as follows, from the point of view of the user:
The user would purchase remailer tokens (digital cash) from a token vendor
(the bank). This is an exchange similar to car wash tokens or
TicketMaster[tm], where the seller receives "real cash" and the buyer
receives a tangible promise of a future service. The tokens could be
purchased online using PayPal, credit cards, etc. (Yes, this means the
number of paying remailer customers must be large enough to constitute a
The user than fires up his remailer client, and each remailer has pricing
and token service information associated with its key and reliability
stats. (In this system, multiple token vendors could exist, and remailers
could be their own vendors. For simplicity's sake, I am going to assume
that all remailers in this user's client accept the same ticket vendor's
Each remailer sets a price (i.e., number of tokens) for its use. Remailers
could even charge a different amount depending on where in the chain it
fell, with exit hop services costing more than beginning/middle chain
positions. The user would select his chain based on the reliability stats
and the pricing information for each remailer. The client would tally the
cost, and when the user approved, it would remove tokens from the user's
"purse" and attach them to the outgoing message, interwoven in the various
layers of encryption in the message.
Now, from the remailer's point of view:
A message is received, and the encryption stripped off. Inside is a
remailer token, which the remailer redeems with the token vendor after
ensuring that the token covered the price of the message (accumulating a
balance in his account, which can then be exchanged for cash by the
remop.) The message is then delivered to the next hop, and so forth.
I came up with this idea after an interesting conversation with Bram Cohen
one night, and then after researching it realized that others had said
basically the same thing. I'm interested in hearing problems with the
above proposal, but for now I am going to assume it is sound. I have a
further enhancement to this system that I just now realized might be
possible, and this is what I'm really interested in discussing.
One of the big problems with remailers currently is reliability. We can
attempt to make remailer software more stable, place remailers on better,
faster systems, add message redundancy to the protocol, etc., and we still
don't eliminate the major flaw receipt verification. There is no way to
report back to a message sender that a message did not make delivery, so
when something does go wrong, the end user rarely has any idea why. Hal
Finney discussed this, and a possible solution to the problem, here:
If a system as I have described above were to be implemented, we could
solve this problem (as well as the inevitable problems of remailers
cheating and collecting payment without delivering mail, and the problem
of double-spending) without having to reveal any useful information to an
attacker who doesn't already have ability to observe the entire mix
If the remailer client were to keep track of which tokens were paid to
which remailer, the user could determine where in a chain message delivery
failed, or if the message exited the last hop (not exactly the same as if
it was delivered, but close. The last remailer could cheat, or the
recipient's mail server could fail. There's ways to improve this, though.)
After the remailer redeems the token with the token vendor, the token
vendor publishes the token. No one but the user and the remailer know
which message a given token was linked to, so information leakage is
minimized. The user can query the token vendor for the most recent token
redemptions, and will be able to determine where his message either is
currently waiting in the chain, or where it died.
(This isn't exact either. Failure, in this case, is pinpointed at the link
between two remailers, rather than at a given remailer. If a user queried
the bank and discovered that, out of a 5 remailer chain, remailers A, B,
and C redeemed the tokens but D did not, this either means C is cheating,
C is broken on sending, or D is broken on receiving. Further tests would
be necessary to determine the exact nature of the failure.)
Does anyone have any thoughts on this? Reasons why the payment system
would not work? Reasons why the verification system would not work?
Improvements to either system? Thoughts on the specifics of the digital
cash algorithms needed?

@_date: 2001-12-21 21:21:27
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: More on remailers. 
There have been quite a few responses to the email I posted the other day
regarding pay-per-use remailers. I'm going to try to follow up on all of
them in this one message.
First of all, the fact that I brought up the topic of pay-per-use
remailers shouldn't be interpreted to mean that I think that is what
needs to be done next in improving the remailer network. As I told those
of you at the last cypherpunks meeting, there are more immediate concerns
and necessary improvements to be made. Ryan Lackey, Steve Schear and Mr.
Melon covered some of the big ones in one of their recent posts. However,
I don't think it is a bad thing to be discussing digital cash remailers,
since I am convinced that they are an eventual necessity.
Anonymous and Meyer Wolfsheim pointed out that the tracking idea doesn't
depend on digital cash, and that one could use a nonce for that purpose.
Yes, this is certainly true -- I was interested in hearing thoughts on the
feasibility of hearing them together. (It seems to me that combining the
two will give additional benefits, such as the ability for the user to
re-use tokens from the latter part of a chain if the message dies in the
former part of a chain, etc., etc.)
While I new that the pay-per-use remailer model I was describing had been
demonstrated many times before, I hadn't been aware that John Gilmore had
proposed a similar system reliability tracking system. I'd appreciate
pointers to that so I can read it.
Anonymous claimed that I contradicted myself in my description of the
remailer tokens. Let me clarify: rather than being an openly traded
currency, like dollars, the only people who need to be able to turn
remailer tokens back into "real cash" are remailer operators. Expect a
money-changing fee as well. (BTW, I prefer the term "remailer stamps" than
"remailer tokens." I think users will understand this better.)
There could certainly be multiple mints, as Tim points out, and remailers
could be their own mint. I suspect some remailers would go this route to
eliminate the money-changing fees, but I was simplifying for my
Meyer and Ryan bring up the point that buying tokens/stamps from a
"remailer stamp vendor" would identify one as a remailer user. I pointed
out in my original message the necessity of a "crowd" of remailer users,
but I'm surprised to see this as a real objection. Mix-nets are designed
to work against an opponent who can see all network traffic, and in that
scenario, everyone who is a remailer user is already identified. Don't
forget this.
Publishing failure notifications with sender-provided keys, as Steve
Schear suggests, seems likely to have large implementation and usage
hurdles. (A separate user's public key for each remailer in the chain
would have to be sent along with each message, and managing this would
become quite difficult for the user.)
Ryan discusses some of the things needed to run a remailer. One of the
things on his list is "a fuck the law attitude". Frankly, it doesn't
matter what your attitude is, how much hardware you have, etc, if your ISP
will shut you down under pressure because of complaints. Even if DSL is
technically sufficient to run a remailer, being a DSL customer is not. Not
everyone hosts their remailer server in a data center known to fire
warning shots at approaching military vessels. Greg Broiles is nobody as
far as Speakeasy is concerned, and shutting him off was a simple solution
to the abuse complaints they were receiving. Had he been a leased line or
collo customer, the situation would probably have been different.
Additionally, Ryan has a list of "what remops want." I suspect that varies
greatly by remop. He completely missed my personal motives for operating
Ryan is taking the stance that we need "better, not more" remailers. I
tend to agree, but I can't see many companies spending a lot on their
remailers if there isn't a source of revenue.
On the mixmaster-devel and remops lists, we've been discussing the needed
improvements to Mixmaster and remailers in general a lot recently. I won't
go over them here. If you're interested, join the discussion on the
mixmaster-devel list. One thing that hasn't been mentioned a lot, but that
Ryan touched upon just now, is better two-way communication. We need a
good nym system, and reply-blocks don't cut it.
In conclusion, I leave you with a question: if remailer users are reduced
to a small number of high-paying remailer customers for whom anonymity is
not a game, but a matter of life or death, could a mix-net be made to
provide any sufficient degree of security? "No" is the easy answer. Say
yes, and prove it.

@_date: 2002-02-06 19:11:37
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: CodeCon schedule announced, deadline for preregistration 
A while ago Tim (and others) were lamenting the current state of
technology conferences. The high number of comp'd journalists and
marketing droids with a lack of engineers and programmers at tech
conferences is certainly disappointing if you want to actually learn
anything interesting.
With CodeCon, we've tried to make the signal to noise ratio high.
Admission is $50 for two days if you sign up in advance and all of the
session presenters have actual projects with working demos. This should
make the conference both interesting and affordable to our intended
A related announcement about the February Cypherpunks meeting is due soon.
Tentative plans are to have the meeting after CodeCon ends on Saturday the
16th. Location and other details will be disclosed shortly.
I hope to see some of you at CodeCon in a few weeks!
---------- Forwarded message ----------
CodeCon's schedule has now been announced, see
Registration is $50 online before Feb. 7th. A $15 late fee will be charged
at the door. CodeCon will be held Feb 15-17, Noon-5pm at DNA Lounge in San
There will be a PGP key signing which requires some advance preparation
for participation, see Presentations will include -
    * Peek-A-Booty - a distributed anti-censorship application
    * Invisible IRC Project - secure, anonymous client/server networks
    * Idel - lightweight mobile code for p2p cpu sharing
    * Reptile - a distributed but uniform content exchange mechanism
    * MNet - a universal shared filestore
    * Alpine - a social discovery mechanism which can handle high churn
        rates, malicious peers, and limited bandwidth
    * Eikon - an image search engine
    * CryptoMail - encrypted email for all
    * libfreenet - a case study in horrors incomprehensible to the mind of
        man, and other secure protocol design mistakes
    * BitTorrent - hosting large, popular files cheaply
-Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes

@_date: 2002-03-16 01:03:00
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Re: Let's knock off the "Reformatted" repostings of junky 
Uh, no. That would be the project I'm working on with Karsten *Braaten*
and a number of cypherpunks.
I don't think Karsten Self is a programmer.

@_date: 2002-03-26 04:27:56
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise (fwd) 
Erm, yeah. Thanks for calling me on that -- I horribly condensed what I
was trying to say.
By the original definition (number of transistors per square inch doubles
every year), it has slowed to every 2.5 years. See the graph I linked to.
Data density is currently doubling every 18 months, and holding steady at
that rate.
(But this *is* off topic for NANOG...)

@_date: 2002-03-26 03:56:07
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: RE: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise (fwd) 
That is a falicy. Moore's law is most certainly not accelerating -- in
1965-1990 Moore's law stated that the number of transistors per square
inch on integrated circuits (and therefore, the speed) doubles every 2
years. The pace has since slowed down a bit, but appears to be holding
steady at doubling every 18 months (1995-present).
However, this trend cannot continue forever. In 1997, Moore predicted we
would reach the physical limits on transistor miniaturization somewhere
around 2017. Whatever the actual date, we will need a break-through in
computing to continue to obtain performance increases over time past this

@_date: 2002-03-26 02:05:53
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: RE: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise (fwd) 
$2B isn't an insurmountable barrier. It is well within most intelligence
agencies' budgets, and that price will only get lower.
Passive attacks are, by definition, undetectable. Active attacks are not;
some are simply more detectable than others.
Remember that there is no international law preventing a country's
intelligence agency from committing industrial espionage for its own
companies (and in fact this is common practice).
Also, remember that the US Military has considered, and may very well be
using, IPsec in the field to coordinate military maneuvers.
I think you're really missing the main point with that $2 billion figure.
The "big surprise" is that we might be able to put a price-point on
factoring 1024 bit keys -- previously, they were thought to be "secure
A machine that costs $2 billion today, according to Moore's law, will cost
about $200,000 20 years from now. Not counting inflation. That will be
well within many people's budgets.

@_date: 2002-03-26 01:53:30
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
I've posted my thoughts about Bernstein's paper to the NANOG list, so I
won't recap them here. I do want to make one point that people seem to be
ignoring, however, and it has to do with the section of Lucky's message
that I have quoted below.
There are several significant applications in wide-spread use currently
that do not have any mechanism for the user or administrator to specify a
minimum public key algorithm bit size.
Additionally, Verisign appears to not have a policy against signing
ridiculously small RSA keys -- I've been told that they signed a 384 bit
key in the past year. If you're interested, buy the Netcraft SSL survey
results and see how many 512 bit RSA keys are being used now.
On the client side, Internet browsers should have a mechanism for
specifying the minimum key size that a user is willing to accept to secure
his TLS/SSL connection. Not offering this as a standard feature, with sane
defaults, is downright negligent. Both Netscape/Mozilla and Microsoft
appear guilty of this.
Likewise, I cannot find any way of configuring sshd (in any version of
SSH/OpenSSH server software) to deny users' public key based
authentication based on insufficient key size. Either I have to turn off
public key authentication and rely on passwords, or allow users to use
factorable keys. This needs to be fixed, immediately, and documented
The feasibility of factoring 1024 bit keys, while a very serious issue that
needs to be examined, seems almost irrelevant if software users cannot
specify a lower limit on public key bit sizes in their applications.

@_date: 2002-03-26 01:53:30
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
I've posted my thoughts about Bernstein's paper to the NANOG list, so I
won't recap them here. I do want to make one point that people seem to be
ignoring, however, and it has to do with the section of Lucky's message
that I have quoted below.
There are several significant applications in wide-spread use currently
that do not have any mechanism for the user or administrator to specify a
minimum public key algorithm bit size.
Additionally, Verisign appears to not have a policy against signing
ridiculously small RSA keys -- I've been told that they signed a 384 bit
key in the past year. If you're interested, buy the Netcraft SSL survey
results and see how many 512 bit RSA keys are being used now.
On the client side, Internet browsers should have a mechanism for
specifying the minimum key size that a user is willing to accept to secure
his TLS/SSL connection. Not offering this as a standard feature, with sane
defaults, is downright negligent. Both Netscape/Mozilla and Microsoft
appear guilty of this.
Likewise, I cannot find any way of configuring sshd (in any version of
SSH/OpenSSH server software) to deny users' public key based
authentication based on insufficient key size. Either I have to turn off
public key authentication and rely on passwords, or allow users to use
factorable keys. This needs to be fixed, immediately, and documented
The feasibility of factoring 1024 bit keys, while a very serious issue that
needs to be examined, seems almost irrelevant if software users cannot
specify a lower limit on public key bit sizes in their applications.

@_date: 2002-03-26 01:13:38
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: RE: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise (fwd) 
Well, that's not really the case. Breaking a 384 bit key is trivial.
Breaking a 1024 bit key is probably not possible without a multi-billion
dollar budget. 2048 bit keys are still in no danger of being broken any
time soon unless further advances are made in factoring.
But I see the point you are making, which is that targeting the CA lets
you attack all of the browsers that trust keys signed by that CA, rather
than specifically targeting that one site. However, MITM attacks are
active attacks, and run the risk of being detected by the the victim. If
you break the key a site is using for encryption, you can read the traffic
without fear of detection.
Other comments on this issue, which I covered in my DEFCON 9 presentation:
it would probably be a lot easier to compromise a CA's root key by means
of network or physical attack, rather than through cryptanalysis. It also
doesn't have to be Verisign you target -- there are over a hundred trusted
root certification authorities in IE, some of them issued to companies
that have gone bankrupt, or sold their root as part of their assets.
Remember, if you're attempting a MITM attack in TLS, you're really
exploiting poor design of the trust-management features of the client,
which is a whole can-o-worms in and of itself.

@_date: 2002-03-26 00:50:39
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise (fwd) 
Bernstein's paper was geared toward RSA, but I believe he makes the claim
that discrete log based algorithms are susceptible as well. I'm not a
cryptographer, so my word shouldn't be taken as fact on this, but if
there is a row-reduction step in solving DL, it would apply.
I'm not sure about the relative bit strength when the row reduction is
taken into account, but I suspect that if the above assumptions are true,
1024 bit would be too small.
NIST's limit was specified for purely technical reasons -- until recently,
we did not have hash functions that were of sufficiently long bit-sizes to
do provide equivalent security for DSA keys larger than 1024 bits, so DSS
was limited to that size. (SHA-1, the hash function specified in the DSS,
was 160 bits. So was RIPEMD-160).
One could now do a larger DSA with a larger hash such as SHA-512, though
an updated DSS standard has not been specified yet.
A few details on GnuPG, since I have intimate knowledge of that software
and OpenPGP in general:
While the current version (1.0.6) of GnuPG cannot generate RSA keys, it
*can* use them. If you have a version of PGP 7.x, you can generate RSA v4
keys up to 4096 bits, and then use them with GnuPG.
GnuPG 1.0.7 is slated to allow for the generation of RSA v4 keys. I think
it's safe for everyone to wait until that comes out, since the threat of
1024 bit keys being broken is not an immediate one for most threat models.
Also, the major attacks to protect against with OpenPGP are ones that are
undetectable by the intended users. For instance, if a flaw were found
that allowed an attacker to decrypt PGP messages simply by "doing things"
to them after they were intercepted over the wire, it would be huge.
In PGP, you have a 1024 bit DSA key as the master signing key. Breaking
this would allow an attacker to forge signatures of yours (bad, but
detectable, and only a real concern if you are using signatures in a
critical environment, such as part of an authentication scheme) or bind
new subkeys to your key.
It is the subkeys that are used for encryption, and these are ElGamal
keys, which are also based on the discrete log problem, but are up to 4096
bits in size, so Bernstein's attack shouldn't be an issue if we're
assuming they're roughly equivalent in strength to RSA, taking this into
The way an attacker would exploit this weakness in order to read encrypted
mail would be to modify your key to attach a bogus encryption subkey to
it, and hope that people you communicate with encrypt to the bogus subkey
instead of the real key. This won't go unnoticed for long, and doesn't get
him past encrypted information, either.
So, I'm not too concerned about GnuPG presently, though I am going to
bring up the issue of stronger DSA keys with the IETF working group.
Remember, the main change in opinion after Bernstein's paper is that 1024
bit keys are no longer "safe forever".
Far more frightening is that 512 bit keys are still in use, and can be
broken in weeks by anyone with a few grand to throw at it (even without
Bernstein's improvements).

@_date: 2002-03-25 23:32:08
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Re: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise (fwd) 
I discussed this in detail with Lucky before he posted it. I'll give a
summary of how this affects the readers of NANOG here -- feel free to
forward if you like.
Prior to Bernstein's discovery the row-reduction step in factorization
could be made massively parallelizable, we believed that 1024 bit keys
would remain unfactorable essentially forever. Now, 1024 bit RSA keys look
to be factorable either presently, or in the very near future once Moore's
law is taken into account. However, at a price tag of $2 billion for a
specialized machine, we have a few years before anyone outside of the
intelligence community attempts this.
What is most concerning to me is a few discoveries that were made while
looking into the problem of widespread use of 1024 bit keys:
First: Verisign appears to have no minimum requirements for the key sizes
it will sign. I have discussed at length Verisign's active contributions
to the hindrance of security on the Internet in the past (see the
archives of my presentation at DEFCON 9), but I somehow missed this gem. A
few months ago, in fact, Verisign issued a 384 bit certificate. (You could
factor this on your desk top machine in days.) 512 bit keys are also
fairly commonly signed by Verisign. (Ugh.)
Question for people who know: Does Verisign allow you to submit CSRs for
2048 to 4096 bit certificates?
Second: As far as I can tell, OpenSSH (and I assume the commercial
versions of SSH as well) offer no mechanism for enforcing the size of
users' keys when public key authentication is turned on. This means that
users could be placing (factorable) 512 bit keys in their
~/.ssh/authorized_keys files, which is in effect worse than using weak
passwords (as an attacker would leave no false login attempts for you to
detect in your logs).
I've mailed Theo de Raadt asking if OpenSSH has an undocumented mechanism
for specifying minimum permitted key size that I don't know about. If
there is one, I'll certainly post a follow-up.
Lucky also mentions S/MIME, which has so many flaws I'm not going to
address it; PGP, which places the risks squarely on the key-holder and
doesn't prevent the use of 2048 bit keys (which should be safe even taking
Bernstein's findings into account), so I'm not to concerned with that; and
IPsec, which sadly isn't in widespread use.
So, my main concerns are TLS, (which is damaged due to poor engineering on
the part of Netscape and Microsoft, and uncouth policy issues on the part
of Versign) and SSH, which may suffer from an easily correctable
engineering flaw. Note that the biggest concerns don't have to do
specifically with 1024 bit keys, but rather, small key sizes in general.

@_date: 2002-08-07 06:28:08
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: CodeCon 2003 Call for Papers 
CodeCon 2.0
February 2003, San Francisco CA, USA
Call For Papers
CodeCon is the premier showcase of active hacker projects. It is an
excellent opportunity for developers to demonstrate their work, and for
coding hackers to find out about what's going on in their community.
All presentations must be accompanied by functional applications,
ideally open source. Presenters must be one of the active developers of
the code in question. We emphasize that demonstrations be of *working*
code, and reproducible by other people. Throughout the event, we will have
several kiosks and local servers available for demonstration purposes.
CodeCon strongly encourages presenters from non-commercial and academic
backgrounds to attend for the purposes of collaboration and the sharing of
knowledge by providing free registration to workshop presenters and
discounted registration to full-time students.
We hereby solicit papers and demonstrations.
   * Papers and proposals due: December 1, 2002
   * Authors notified: December 15, 2002
   * Demonstration materials due: January 15, 2003
The focus of CodeCon is on working applications which:
   * enhance individual power and liberty
   * can be discussed freely, either by virtue of being open source or
     having a published protocol, and preferably free of intellectual
     property restrictions
   * are generally useful, either directly to a large number of users, or
     as an example of technology applicable to a larger audience
   * demonstrate novelty in technical approaches, security assumptions, and
     end-user functionality
Possible topics include, but are by no means restricted to:
   * development tools - languages, debuggers, version control
   * file sharing systems - swarming distribution, distributed search
   * community-based web sites - forums, weblogs, personals
   * security products - mail encryption, intrusion detection, firewalls
Presentations will be a 45 minutes long, with 15 minutes allocated for
Q&A. Overruns will be truncated.
Submission details:
Submissions are being accepted immediately. Acceptance dates are
September 1, November 1, and December 1. On each acceptance date,
submissions will be either accepted, rejected, or deferred to the
next acceptance date.
The conference language is English.
All submissions should be accompanied by source code or an application.
When possible, we would prefer that the application be available for
interactive use during the workshop, either on a presenter-provided
demonstration machine or one of the conference kiosks.
Ideally, demonstrations should be usable by attendees with 802.11b
connected devices either via a web interface, or locally on Windows,
UNIX-like, or MacOS platforms. Cross-platform applications are most
Our venue may be 21+. If you are submitting and are under 21, please
advise the program committee; we may consider alternate venues for one or
more days of the event. If you have a specific day on which you would
prefer to present, please advise us.
To submit, send mail to submissions including the following
   * Project name
   * url of project home page
   * tagline - one sentence or less summing up what the project does
   * names of presenter(s) and urls of their home pages, if they have any
   * one-paragraph bios of presenters (optional)
   * project history, no more than a few sentences
   * what will be done in the project demo
   * major achievement(s) so far
   * claim(s) to fame, if any
   * future plans
Conference Producers and co-chairs: Bram Cohen, Len Sassaman
Program Committee:
   * Tina Bird, Counterpane
   * Bram Cohen, BitTorrent
   * Roger Dingledine, The Freehaven Project
   * Jered Floyd, Permabit
   * Paul Holman, The Shmoo Group
   * Ben Laurie, The Apache Foundation
   * Don Marti, Linux Journal
   * Jordan Ritter, Cloudmark
   * Len Sassaman, Nomen Abditum Services
   * Rodney Thayer, The Tillerman Group
   * Jamie Zawinski, DNA Lounge
If your organization is interested in sponsoring CodeCon, we would love to
hear from you. In particular, we are looking for sponsors for social meals
and parties on any of the three days of the conference, as well as
sponsors of the conference as a whole, prizes or awards for quality
presentations, scholarships for qualified applicants, and assistance with
transportation or accommodation for presenters with limited resources. If
you might be interested in sponsoring any of these aspects, please contact
the conference organizers at codecon-admin
Press policy:
CodeCon strives to be a conference for developers, with strong audience
participation. As such, we need to limit the number of complimentary
passes non-developer attendees. Press passes are limited to one pass per
publication, and must be approved prior to the registration deadline (to
be announced later). If you are a member of the press, and interested in
covering CodeCon, please contact us early by sending email to
press Members of the press who do not receive press-passes
are welcome to participate as regular conference attendees.
If you have questions about CodeCon, or would like to contact the
organizers, please mail codecon-admin Please note this
address is only for questions and administrative requests, and not for
workshop presentation submissions.
Please note: do not email the old addresses at "codecon.org". Use
"codecon.info", or else they will not reach us.
