
@_date: 2017-02-27 04:08:48
@_author: "Rachael Tackett" 
@_subject: Open Technology Fund's Classified Audit 
Open Technology Fund (OTF) is the US government program, which pretends not to be a government program. OTF has financed projects such as Tor Project, Signal, SubgraphOS, etc. Several years ago, the State Dept.'s Inspector General's Office investigated and found out that Open Technology Fund was breaking a bunch of federal laws on grant funding.
Congress ordered the GAO (Government Accountability Office) to conduct an audit of OTF. So, the GAO says they have an audit, but they cannot release it to me because it might be classified by the Department of State. So, I file a public records request, and the GAO gives me some bogus excuse about "congressional records". So, I call the House and Senate Foreign Relations Committees, and no one ever calls me back.
Open code, with secret contracts and now a secret audit!
Previous Inspector General's audit from 2015 (note this is not the classified one)

@_date: 2017-02-21 13:33:39
@_author: "Rachael Tackett" 
@_subject: NSA Contractors Join Privacy Shield 
The Privacy Shield framework is supposed to protect companies that transfer personal data from the EU to the US. The US promised the EU that it would provide data protection and put some limits on the US' mass surveillance. Some members of the EU parliament are calling for Privacy Shield to be suspended or at least re-negotiated. The US Department of Commerce allowed known NSA contractors to join the Privacy Shield program. 
Full story

@_date: 2017-02-27 04:48:38
@_author: "Rachael Tackett" 
@_subject: Repost - Open Technology Fund's Classified Audit 
Not sure why my previous messages failed to go through.
Open Technology Fund (OTF) is the US government program, which pretends not to be a government program. OTF has financed projects such as Tor Project, Signal, SubgraphOS, etc. Several years ago, the State Dept.'s Inspector General's Office investigated and found out that Open Technology Fund was breaking a bunch of federal laws on grant funding.
Congress ordered the GAO (Government Accountability Office) to conduct an audit of OTF. So, the GAO says they have an audit, but they cannot release it to me because it might be classified by the Department of State. So, I file a public records request, and the GAO gives me some bogus excuse about "congressional records". So, I call the House and Senate Foreign Relations Committees, and no one ever calls me back.
Open code, with secret contracts and now a secret audit!

@_date: 2017-04-09 23:42:27
@_author: "Rachael Tackett" 
@_subject: RE: RiseUp Warrant Canary Falls 
A document, which I public records requested, shows LEAP and RiseUp getting a quarter million dollars from the Digital Defenders Partnership, which is funded by US government and several European governments. The governments of Netherlands and Sweden refused to give me all the records. Sweden cited its exemption as either foreign relations and/or national security. The nonprofit running the Digital Defenders Partnership, Hivos, also had a scheme of hiding information from public records about the its projects.

@_date: 2017-07-18 02:44:07
@_author: Rachael 
@_subject: US Appeals Court upholds FBI's NSLs (National Security Letters) and gag orders 
tl;dr This is a bad legal ruling for privacy and due process in the
United States.
The US Ninth Circuit Appeals Court in San Francisco issued a ruling
declaring that gag orders on the FBI's NSLs (National Security Letters)
are completely legal.
Reuters article
Link to full text of ruling

@_date: 2017-07-14 04:36:07
@_author: Rachael 
@_subject: Re: Welcome to Anarchast 
All this talk of Riseup being anti-capitalist and people being selective
about their invites is rather amusing.
Maybe people on this listserve are not aware that Riseup.net (along with
LEAP) are listed as receiving over $250,000 USD from government funding.
And that was only the funding which could be confirmed. The few public
records I did receive are full of heavy redactions. Netherlands and
Sweden still have classified documents, but refuse to release them.
Along with some European governments, the US Department of State was
also involved in this funding mechanism.
I would really like Riseup.net to publicly say whether or not Riseup.net
still receives government funding or support. Hopefully, Riseup.net will
publicly disclose the funding it has received.
Link to documentation (use search term "riseup")
