
@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
to 10 cents per transaction, claims the system reduces checkout time by 30%.
One early user of Pay by Touch are a handful of Piggly Wiggly supermarkets.
After installing the system in four stores in July, "a good, strong
percentage of our transactions are done by touch" already, says David
Schools, senior vice president of Piggly Wiggly Carolina Inc., based in
Charleston. He declined to be more specific. The chain hopes that customers
will register checking accounts and make electronic withdrawals via
fingerprint ID to pay for purchases, which would save the grocer steep
credit-card or debit-card fees.
IBM says that convenience stores are experimenting with fingerprints as an
alternative to radio-frequency identification cards like Exxon Mobil
Corp.'s Speedpass, to deal with the "sweaty jogger problem" -- cashless
runners coming in for coffee or Gatorade. The problem with RFID cards is
that anyone can use one that is lost or stolen. Not so with fingerprints.
Jeff Baughan, vice president of information technology at Catholic Health
Systems in Buffalo, N.Y., says he anticipates some day installing wireless
readers on the carts used by nursers that would read patients' fingers, to
double-check that the right patient gets the right medicine. Currently, the
health-care system is installing Ultra-Scan Corp. devices that read fingers
to register incoming patients and make sure that different people aren't
using the same insurance card.
Fingerprint-scanner authorization also is being used by business owners as
a replacement for lock combinations on safes. "Traditionally, two people
are given the same combination, and if there's a loss, how can you figure
out who took it?" says Edward McGunn, president of Corporate Safe
Specialists Inc., of Posen, Ill. He predicts that within two years, 80% of
his sales will be fingerprint safes, partly because it's much simpler to
train an unskilled manager to open one. "This is the most exciting time to
be in the safe business in my lifetime," says Mr. McGunn, a
third-generation safe maker.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
to 10 cents per transaction, claims the system reduces checkout time by 30%.
One early user of Pay by Touch are a handful of Piggly Wiggly supermarkets.
After installing the system in four stores in July, "a good, strong
percentage of our transactions are done by touch" already, says David
Schools, senior vice president of Piggly Wiggly Carolina Inc., based in
Charleston. He declined to be more specific. The chain hopes that customers
will register checking accounts and make electronic withdrawals via
fingerprint ID to pay for purchases, which would save the grocer steep
credit-card or debit-card fees.
IBM says that convenience stores are experimenting with fingerprints as an
alternative to radio-frequency identification cards like Exxon Mobil
Corp.'s Speedpass, to deal with the "sweaty jogger problem" -- cashless
runners coming in for coffee or Gatorade. The problem with RFID cards is
that anyone can use one that is lost or stolen. Not so with fingerprints.
Jeff Baughan, vice president of information technology at Catholic Health
Systems in Buffalo, N.Y., says he anticipates some day installing wireless
readers on the carts used by nursers that would read patients' fingers, to
double-check that the right patient gets the right medicine. Currently, the
health-care system is installing Ultra-Scan Corp. devices that read fingers
to register incoming patients and make sure that different people aren't
using the same insurance card.
Fingerprint-scanner authorization also is being used by business owners as
a replacement for lock combinations on safes. "Traditionally, two people
are given the same combination, and if there's a loss, how can you figure
out who took it?" says Edward McGunn, president of Corporate Safe
Specialists Inc., of Posen, Ill. He predicts that within two years, 80% of
his sales will be fingerprint safes, partly because it's much simpler to
train an unskilled manager to open one. "This is the most exciting time to
be in the safe business in my lifetime," says Mr. McGunn, a
third-generation safe maker.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: e.g., equity resulting from labor invested 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
As with low literacy rates, high mortality and morbidity is likely to
discourage private investment from abroad. Further, if mortality and
morbidity rates are higher than the average for all developing countries
and are not improving, the likelihood exists that there are serious
deficiencies in the governmental and private-sector infrastructures.
Private Sector
 Category Two deals with the capacity of the private sector to improve
living conditions. To represent this category we have chosen three
measurements--inflation, emigration, and infrastructure--that, taken
together, give an indication of a state's capacity to survive economically
in the global economy.
Inflation. Every state, at one time or another, suffers peak levels of
inflation. Many have also experienced episodes of hyperinflation. Sustained
hyperinflation is an important indicator that a state may be headed for
failure. However, inflation figures may be highly volatile. On one hand, a
long-term trend of rising inflation does not bode well; consistent
inflation indicates underlying governmental difficulties, and also that
more than short-term improvement will be required to dampen consumer,
domestic, and foreign-investor expectations about inflation. On the other
hand, even a brief period of hyperinflation may be enough to damage
severely a state's chances of avoiding failure. For this and other
measurements, then, though the trend is important, it is also necessary to
note the impact of current conditions.
Emigration. As with inflation, most states have been "sending" countries at
one time or another. In most cases, voluntary emigration has benefited both
sender and receiver. Dividends have included increased foreign exchange in
the form of remittances; relief of unemployment and population pressures;
and the opportunity to improve the living condition of the migrant.
However, excessive levels of migration may add to difficulties imposed by
high morbidity and mortality rates. Another potential negative effect is
"brain-drain," the emigration of technical and professional personnel
essential to the maintenance of industry, services, and government
administration. Very general data regarding outward migration flows are
collected by the UN and the World Bank. The U.S. State Department and the
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees provide data for worldwide
refugee flows and the internal movements of displaced persons. (These data,
incidentally, are often in conflict with those reported by sending and
receiving countries.) Taken together, despite their shortcomings these
figures can be used to derive some useful trend data.
Infrastructure. "Infrastructure" is often taken to refer to public goods,
such as highways and airports, or private assets like telephones. Such
measures as telephones per capita are significant. If the trend is
positive, it is an indication that a platform for economic growth is being
erected and that the state involved is neither faltering nor failing. An
important, if less concrete, example of a private infrastructure good is a
state banking system, and further, the amounts entrusted to it by private
citizens. If a state suffers from severe economic problems and has no
mechanisms for encouraging savings, its platform for economic growth is
probably even weaker than more tangible public goods might indicate alone.
It may seem counterintuitive to discuss savings in poor states, but the
evidence indicates that they do exist. The strength of these savings and
their related programs are important to foreign investors, who view their
absence as a sign of serious problems. Such shortcomings usually stem from
manipulations by vested interests of a state's economy for their own gain,
implying that there are insufficient incentives for free enterprise.
Government Strength
 Category Three addresses a government's ability and willingness to invest
in the improvements to state infrastructure required to support economic
growth. As with Categories One and Two, we have chosen three measurements
to represent this category--border control, law and order, and government
 Efforts to improve infrastructure and promote growth are long-term ones
and require significant investments at least of organized sweat equity
(e.g., equity resulting from labor invested) in operations and maintenance.
A certain amount of security is necessary for both the state's exposure and
that of donors of foreign aid and sponsors of military civil affairs
projects. What is important here is to measure not a state's ability to
provide security for individual projects or locations but rather its
overall capacity and willingness to provide it. Although a certain amount
of data regarding the following three measurements is available from a
variety of sources, the final rating of a given state in this category must
be a subjective one.
Border control. Although the state-centric model of the international
political system may no longer be as powerful as it once was, states are
likely to remain the most important actors in the international arena for
the foreseeable future. One of the primary functions of any state is to
control its borders, in order to regulate commerce, maintain security,
exercise its legal system, and so forth. Its capacity to do so is a
valuable litmus test of the viability of a state's central government. An
inability to perform this function also suggests significant problems in
other areas.
Law and order. Maintaining internal order is a second key measure of a
government's--and state's--prospects. In extreme cases the ability of the
central government to guarantee the safety of its citizens stops at the
doorways of a few federal buildings in the capital. The presence of
criminal-controlled enclaves, rampant criminal activity, the failure or
incompetence of government police forces, and a lack of public belief in
the efficacy of government law enforcement all point to potentially
serious, even fatal, flaws. Other indicators in this category would be
civil wars or armed and effective resistance groups. Where the latter are
present, there is almost always an obvious and direct tie-in with control
of borders.
Government action. The final criterion in Category Three, government
ability and willingness to act, cuts directly to the capability of a
central government. In some cases, it is so weak that it is unable to
perform. (Robert Kaplan would say that all West African states, for
instance, would receive a red tile for this measurement.) In other cases,
the government does have the means to act but fails to do so because of
corruption, ineptitude, or misplaced priorities. Such a state may have
significant natural resources, financial assets, or a public-sector and
economic infrastructure but be led by an individual or group that has
abrogated the responsibilities of government. Such regimes, in effect,
cause their state to fail in order to advance their own interests, e.g.,
Idi Amin in Uganda. Sometimes their attitude leads only to insurrection and
revolution, but the result may be the failure of the state itself.
A Special Challenge
 For the purposes of illustration we have chosen to apply this methodology
(retroactively) to Somalia for the 1980-1990 time frame. 11 The results are
indicated in Figure 2. Insufficient information is available to assess the
color of certain tiles, but we would argue that the preponderance of red
tiles and downward-pointing arrows for the period would have indicated
Somalia's potential failure to such U.S. policy makers as joint commanders
in chief in the years preceding its collapse. For brevity we present only
one example in this article; however, our work with other cases suggests
that this methodology warrants continued and deeper investigation.
 It should be reemphasized that the final determination of a state's
potential for failure rests on no single area. For example, in the United
States (a nation that is not deemed in danger of failure) one could cite
failure to control borders and high crime rates as potentially serious
problems. It is the combination of data and trends across all three
categories that allows one to assign a color code to an individual state.
 There are difficulties inherent in this taxonomy. Currently, there is no
single, central location where the required information can be obtained.
The Central Intelligence Agency does not now maintain a central database.
Some elements of the data reside at the Department of State, others at the
UN, and still others at private organizations. In some areas the figures
are unreliable or nonexistent. We would therefore recommend as a starting
point the establishment of a central repository for the required
information, one that is unclassified and accessible to all. The material
should be gathered overtly, either by the countries themselves or by
reputable research teams. Although the CIA might be the most logical
custodian (already possessing, as it does, the tools of data collection and
assimilation), its national intelligence function may make it politically
unsuited to this role. The UN, despite its significant inefficiencies and
multilayered bureaucracies, would seem the best home for this global
database, despite the enormous political pressures sometimes applied to
portray a "rosy picture."
 Data now obtainable is sketchy, unreliable, or nonexistent for some
countries and regions, and for significant historical periods of time. The
reason may be an inability on the part of the state to collect such data
(perhaps in itself an indicator of a problem) or reluctance to publicize
poor performance. Data can be falsified to make a state look better (or
worse, in an effort to attract aid) than it actually is. To begin to
correct these potential flaws, states might be required to submit data as
part of the price of admission to the United Nations, or as a prerequisite
for UN assistance and funding. Random verification could ascertain the
validity of reported figures, although we suspect that many nongovernmental
organizations would voluntarily serve, in effect, as watchdogs.
 Measurements requiring a subjective judgment pose a special challenge. The
U.S. ambassador to a state should obviously be consulted. However, this
does raise the issue of possible "clientism," and it could place an
ambassador who submitted a negative input in a potentially difficult
position. The regional commander in chief should also be brought in,
especially in regard to the capacity of the military branches of a
government, which are, in some cases, responsible for internal security.
 A better solution, in our opinion, would be for the Central Intelligence
Agency (or the United Nations) to be the central collection point. These
data could then be forwarded for review by a senior interagency working
group (IWG), which would submit recommendations to the National Security
Council for decision. There is no reason why private relief organizations
could not have representatives on this IWG. (Selecting an appropriately
experienced individual to represent this large and diverse community would
seem to be a challenge best solved by the "relief community" itself.) In
this manner, civil and military attempts to provide developmental aid could
be directed toward those areas where they would do the most long-term good;
advance planning could be undertaken for humanitarian responses to states
at high risk of collapse; and nations recovering from failure could be
channeled the right form of assistance. Over time, it appears, such a
consistent approach would both most wisely invest donor assets and provide
the most long-lasting benefit to those in need.
having failed in the same sense that the Holy Roman Empire failed--they are
now "extinct." Obviously, extinct states are not contenders for U.S. aid or
other forms of assistance; on the other hand, in the late 1980s and early
1990s Czechoslovakia and other states were in fact approaching political
failure. A foreign aid taxonomy must distinguish between political failures
that are "positive" (e.g., consistent with U.S. national interests or
reflective of the political consensus in, or economic self-interest of, the
affected country) and those that are negative, as in Somalia, where there
was widespread anarchy and starvation.
of any variety of combat but merely as pointing out the range of
capabilities possessed by potential opponents.
constitutes less than 6 percent of the total U.S. budget and that the
majority of foreign aid is predisbursed to Israel, Egypt, Greece, and
Turkey. (The wisdom of that may be debated, but it is not the subject of
this article.) Nevertheless, development efforts are expensive in terms of
real dollars spent and even more so in proportion to the foreign aid budget
1996, p. 42), Vice President Al Gore requested that the Central
Intelligence Agency study this problem. For the Agency response, see D.C.
Esty, J.A. Goldstone, T.R. Gurr, P.T. Surko, and A.N. Unger, "State Failure
Task Force Report," Working Paper for the Central Intelligence Committee
(Washington: November 1995).
February 1994, pp. 44-76.
Foreign Policy, Winter 1992-1993, pp. 3-21.
Random House, 1993).
Univ. Press, 1995), p. 163.
Health Report 1995 (Geneva: 1995), pp. 105-8.
Development Reports (New York: Oxford Univ. Press, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994,
1995); U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census, World Population
Profile 1994 (Washington: U.S. Govt. Print. Off., 1994) and Demographic,
Economic, Social Statistics for the World (Washington: U.S. Govt. Print.
Off., 1996); World Resources Institute, World Resources 1994-5: Guide to
the Global Environment; and World Health Organization.
Dr. Miskel is a professor of national security affairs at the Naval War
College. During the Reagan and Bush administrations he served on the
National Security Council as Director for Defense Policy and Arms Control.
Dr. Miskel's doctorate is in modern European and Soviet history; he is the
author of Buying Trouble? National Security and Reliance on Foreign
Industry (Lanham, Md.: University Press of America, 1993).
 Commander Norton recently retired from the U.S. Navy, after spending his
last three years of active duty as a faculty member of the National
Security Decision Making Department at the Naval War College. He is
currently an adjunct professor of international relations at Florida
International University and a Ph.D candidate at The Fletcher School of Law
and Diplomacy. His most recent publication was National Security Decision
Making, vol. II, Case Studies in Contingency Operations, which he coedited
with Professor Miskel (Naval War College Press, 1994).  [Return to top]
