
@_date: 2001-12-13 04:33:02
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: Sameer on the History of Remailers 
One of the few articles on First Monday that doesn't make me bust out
laughing. (The second one was by Tatsuo Tanaka about the macroeconomic
effects of digital cash, however much I disagreed with his conclusions...)
The fact that I edited both had *absolutely* nothing to do with that
opinion of course. :-).
Seriously, I didn't have any real idea how chains of remailers worked until
I read Sameer's paper for publication, and, to this day, it is, by far, the
clearest explanation of how they work that you can find anywhere.
About a year later, I got roundly bitch-slapped on this list by Mr. May one
afternoon about what a silly liberal-relativist academic navel-gazing
exercise First Monday had become by that point, if it wasn't one from the
outset, and, upon some reflection, I agreed, resigning my founding
editorial board seat there sometime shortly thereafter. It was quite
flattering to be put on the "masthead" of the first "peer-reviewed journal
of the internet", or whatever. Looked nice on the resume, certainly. Not
that anyone needs a resume, anymore, now that Google goes back to 1981...

@_date: 2001-12-10 14:54:39
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Customer Acts Odd? U.S. Wants to Know 
December 10, 2001
THE INVESTIGATION
Customer Acts Odd? U.S. Wants to Know
By ROBERT PEAR
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9 - Federal agents are planning to fan out across the
country this week in an effort to recruit American businesses in the war on
terror, urging companies to notify the government of suspicious customers.
Robert C. Bonner, commissioner of the Customs Service, said he had
developed a list of about 100 items that the authorities believed
terrorists wanted to buy in this country. Starting Monday, Mr. Bonner said,
federal agents will visit the manufacturers, emphasize the need for
vigilance and encourage them to inform the Customs Service at once if they
are approached by anyone trying to buy these items for possibly illegal
shipment abroad.
The terrorists' shopping list, the Customs Service says, includes missiles,
grenades, grenade launchers and other munitions; aircraft parts; computer
encryption devices; and components of biological, chemical and nuclear
weapons, as well as items that might be used to manufacture or deliver such
Officials said the list included equipment needed to grow anthrax bacteria
and grind the spores; chemicals like thiodiglycol, a precursor of mustard
gas; and electronic timers known as krytrons, which can be used to trigger
nuclear devices.
The Customs Service enforces export-control laws, and Dennis H. Murphy, a
spokesman for the agency, said it was shifting its priorities to focus on
machinery, equipment and technology sought by terrorists.
Customs agents will visit 300 companies in the next few months and "will
start knocking on doors" on Monday, Mr. Murphy said.
If companies identify a suspicious customer, he said, they should call the
Customs Service's office of investigations on a toll-free number, (800) Be
Alert, or (800) 232-5378.
Officials said corporate sales agents should be suspicious if customers
request products that do not correspond with their normal line of business
- if, for example, a foreign shoe manufacturer orders centrifuge machines
that could produce material for nuclear weapons.
Some items on the list have legitimate civilian uses, and the Customs
Service initiative is not intended to restrict or discourage legitimate
exports, officials said.
The Customs Service does not expect American corporations to investigate
buyers of goods and services to determine if they are engaged in illegal
activity. But when customs agents visit American businesses, they will
describe certain signs of suspicious activity, including these:
¶A customer wants to pay cash for high-tech items or military goods.
¶A buyer has not obtained the necessary export licenses or insists that the
licenses are not required or will not be a problem.
¶A customer is willing to pay much more than the usual price or value of a
¶A buyer has little or no understanding of the product he or she is
requesting or the commercial activity in which he or she is supposedly
¶A buyer has no interest in the customer service offered with a product or
rejects the manufacturer's offer to train employees in proper use of the
¶A customer insists on unusual packaging requirements - for example,
extra-large boxes that could be used to smuggle merchandise or contraband.
¶A buyer deviates from normal shipping practices in exporting goods.
"We must not choke off trade in the process of ratcheting up security," Mr.
Bonner said. But, he added, with the nation at war and facing new terrorist
threats, it is important for American companies to know their customers.
Home | Back to National | Search | Help 	Back to Top
Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company | Privacy Information

@_date: 2001-12-11 22:24:27
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Google Expands Usenet Archive to 20 Years 
Status:  U
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Yes, it's great to see Google finally get around to doing what DejaNews
said would be done.
Interestingly, I see a January 1992 use of the term "cypherpunks":
This predates Jude Milhon's naming of our list by about 9 months. And
the earlier reference was not in the same context. Still, interesting.
A search on "cypherpunk" gives a history of the term and the early
meetings at the Hackers Conference, the early CP meetings, etc.:
The first mention of "cryptoanarchy" (the spelling I used then)  is in a
9 January 1991 post from John Gilmore, citing my item on cryptoanarchy
at the 1990 Hackers Conference:
Cryptology, Computer Networks, and Big Brother
Tim May
slide presentation
(I wrote "The Cryptoanarchist Manifesto" for the 1988 Crypto Conference,
where it was privately distributed to a few folks. I'd been using the
term in talks around the Bay Area for several months prior to this,
e.g., in a talk with Marc Stiegler, Phil Salin, Jim Bennett, Dave Ross,
Chip Morningstar, Randy Farmer, and some others.)
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a
monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also
into you." -- Nietzsche
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-23 19:28:00
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: The other white meat (was Re: Detweiler's Theory of Nymity) 
Not that I would condone beating a dead, um, snake, but have you tried

@_date: 2002-01-12 02:26:56
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Burning Down Dr. Copi (was Re: [Reformatted] Burning down the 
At 2:10 PM -0800 on 1/11/02, "Eric Cordian" makes an actual appeal to
Ah. Prove to you that he didn't say it?
Not that I care either way, though I expect Peter's probably right on this one.
By way of *another* informal fallacy, :-), post hoc, ergo, propter hoc,
, with a nod to Bill Walton's
old stomping grounds, "if we lived here we'd be home now", and all that: If
Sharon said it, there are enough people who hate his guts in the mainstream
press that we'd have heard all about it by now.
There ya go. *That* makes a whole lot more sense, now, doesn't it? "Never
attribute to conspiracy that which can easily be explained by stupidity",
or whatever Pournelle said.
But then, a good thing never lasts, does it?, viz,
Whoops. There you go again, Britney -- or "Eric", or whatever your name is...
(Just to help Mr. Choate in his subsequent mailbombs on informal logic, I
offer the following link farm. Knock yourself out, Jim...:

@_date: 2002-01-06 18:39:03
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: Orange crush 
In particular, *recycled* paper pulp.
An irony is a terrible thing to waste, whether one believes that dioxin is
as bad stuff as ostensibly "environmental" socialist fearmongers are wont
to say, or not...

@_date: 2002-01-07 04:09:48
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
Ahhhh... Would that that were truly so.
It would have made both our lives so much easier over the last 7+ years
(cf. previous bits about crufty old farts with nothing better to do...) if
you actually *did* use that Eudora filter feature, or whatever System X
Mail does these days.
But you never actually do it, do you?

@_date: 2002-01-06 19:28:40
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
At 10:15 AM -0800 on 1/6/02, Tim May wrote, once again making me spew my
poor PBG3 with second-hand caffeine:
Physician, heal thyself?
I'm sorry for laughing, Tim, because, having met you and John, I like you
both very much. However, the above round of name calling on your part is
funny to read -- laughing out loud funny -- coming from you.
Face it Tim, at this point -- if it was ever really much else, even when
what was said on this list had an actual effect on the world -- most of us
here on cypherpunks just are middle-aged old farts with nothing better to
do than sit around a moribund email list fulminating at the world and each
other. The rest of us are either the recently unemployed (or permanently
unemployable by choice. Those that aren't students, graduate or otherwise,
trying to solve the all the problems of the universe with simple
technological solutions. Sometimes, they're even people thinking they're
going to come here and learn about cryptography after discovering, for the
first time, what the social consequences of its use might be. Of course,
those people, especially those with paying jobs, won't stay too long,
unless they fit in the other categories, grouchy old fart, starry-eyed
student, or is-it-shelled-mister layabout.
As for paranoid schizophrenia, Tim, least Dr. Nash's beautiful mind won a
prize or two before seeing a spook behind every Bush.
Oh, well. Genius is a genius does, I suppose.
Rave on, gentlemen. This watering hole's still only half muddy, so far...
(Grouchy old pot calling a kettle black, of course...)
(Charter member, logorrheacs nyminous, with foaming mouth cluster)
("Don't give Mongo Ritalin, it only makes him mADDer...")

@_date: 2002-01-10 17:24:42
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Prosperity through punishment (was Re: more on procmail is not 
Prosperity through punishment
Retribution can breed cooperation.
10 January 2002
JOHN WHITFIELD
Notions of fairness may outweigh selfish considerations.
) Corbis
Cooperation can flourish if the public-spirited majority can punish
freeloaders, say Swiss economists. People will pay to punish - suggesting
that their notions of fairness outweigh selfish considerations. The work
may help explain why people cooperate in society.
In an investment game with shared profits, players punish those who do not
contribute to the group's good, despite the personal cost. The emotional
satisfaction of dispensing justice seems to spur them on: "People say, 'I
like to punish'," says Ernst Fehr of the University of Zurich.
The fear of being fined keeps potential defectors in line, and the power to
punish gives willing cooperators a sense of security. These dynamics may
explain why early humans banded together into cooperative groups for
hunting or warfare.
Explanations of cooperation have tended to focus on what the altruist gets
out of it, either through the swapping of good turns or the benefits to
family members. "For a very long time in economics and biology there's been
an assumption of self-interest," says economist Herbert Gintis of the
University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Instead, he says, it seems that
egalitarianism is "a basic part of human behaviour".

@_date: 2002-01-12 02:29:32
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
Woops. There you go again, another "prove a negative".
Ignorantum is bliss, yes, Britney?

@_date: 2002-01-12 05:03:27
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: Ariel Sharon's Alleged Faux Pas 
As Mr. Nye the Science Guy -- or anyone else with a skeptical neuron in his
head -- says, "extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof."
Video/audio tape would be nice, for instance...

@_date: 2002-01-14 02:10:17
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: VIVA Agentina LIBRE! 
Someday, what we call "currencies" will be mere indices of various assets.
Look ma, no fiat-state numeraires...
Think of a combination of Fama/Black, et. al's early 1980's notion of "new"
monetary economics coupled with an index of (bearer-held :-)) assets in
transit and in wearhouses, along with commodities, plus the usual equity
and debt mixture. Pretty much what the fed does now, only the index will be
sold, just like the S&P is now.
When IBUC's site's back up, I'll point to an essay I did on it a couple of
years ago...

@_date: 2002-01-14 14:23:10
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Hiding Sensitive Data Can Be Tough in a Digital Age 
January 14, 2002
Hiding Sensitive Data Can Be Tough in a Digital Age
By JOHN MARKOFF
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 13 - The modern task of successfully destroying
electronic documents has become daunting enough to give Oliver North
Mr. North is the Marine officer who became notorious during the Reagan-era
Iran-contra scandal after it was discovered he had tried to delete
thousands of e-mail messages, only to discover that they had been retained
on backup tapes and made available to Congressional investigators.
The issue of the destruction and possible retrieval of electronic data
burst into the news last week after Arthur Andersen & Company, the auditors
for the Enron Corporation (news/quote), said that the accounting firm had
destroyed a "significant but undetermined" number of documents relating to
Enron and its finances.
The embarrassing acknowledgment set off new demands from Congress that
Andersen produce a wide range of documents, including e-mail and other
computer files for investigators.
Today, Mr. North's efforts would be vastly more complicated because of
changing computer technologies and the emergence of the Internet, which has
ensured that there will be multiple copies of almost any electronic
"Today documents aren't just stored. They're sent," said Mark Rasch, a
former federal prosecutor who is vice president for cyberlaw at Predictive
Systems (news/quote), a network security consulting firm based in Herndon,
Va. Even though many companies have general procedural rules that require
the periodic deletion of e- mail, he noted, messages can usually be
"The sender and the recipient may have the message on their machine, in
addition to the server where it was stored," he said. "Unless there is a
tool used to remove it using military-grade technology, it can be
Most computer-literate office workers now realize that simply deleting an
e-mail message or moving a document onto the trash icon on their computer's
desktop screen does not eliminate the data.
That is because modern computers organize information by using file-system
directories that point to physical areas on a disk drive where the data
resides. "Deleting" the information usually only breaks the link between
the directory and the data so that the original storage space can be reused
in the future.
To eliminate important data, some companies and individuals use software
tools that try to "wipe" files from storage disks by writing random strings
of 1's and 0's over the space where the files were stored. Others will use
programs that "defragment" disks by moving information around on the
surface of the disk so that data can be retrieved more efficiently, which
can also write over old data. Or they can reformat the drives entirely.
What most computer users do not realize, however, is that the world of
computer forensics has made huge strides in recent years, and it is now
remarkably difficult to hide data from a determined investigator.
"Computer forensics is going to play an important role in recovering
documents in the Enron case," said John Patzakis, president and general
counsel of Guidance software, a company in Pasadena, Calif., that makes
hardware and software used by law enforcement authorities as well as the
Big Five accounting firms.
Every action taken by a computer user leaves a telltale trail, he said, so
the act of deleting documents can itself be revealing.
"Not only can computer forensic techniques recover documents, but they can
inform investigators when and how they were deleted," he said. "It is often
possible to determine if a deletion is an innocent act pursuant to a
corporate policy or if there is an ulterior motive." Even more remarkable,
technical means exist to retrieve data that has been erased.
It is possible to take a disk apart and use an electron microscope to read
information from the individual magnetic spots on the surface of a disk
that may have been intentionally erased, Mr. Patzakis said.
Originally a tool of the intelligence world, this technique - which is
costly - has been used successfully in big legal cases.

@_date: 2002-01-14 20:09:01
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: True Names reviewed on /. 
Status:  U
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
'michael' has reviewed "True Names and The
Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier" over on
slashdot. I won't discuss the review or the book
in detail other than to say that the book should
be considered Required Reading, and the review
is also good.
michael has this to say about our Resident
"Timothy May, who is perhaps best
known for his ranting posts about crypto anarchy,
has a lengthy and astonishingly well-written essay
titled "True Nyms and Crypto Anarchy". The
essay reads as if an editor with a firm hand
extracted most of May's characteristic wild-eyed
prose and yet kept the insightful ideas behind it - if
only all of his writing was like this essay. It's a
great introduction to what May means by "crypto
anarchy". May is one of the most optimistic writers
in the book, and he, as well as the other writers,
believe that we are at a fork: either we'll move
toward a surveillance state, or toward what May
calls an anarcho-capitalist state, but the middle
ground is unstable - we'll end up at one extreme or
the other. May believes we're already firmly on
the road toward anarcho-crypto-utopia."
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and
CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If
you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or
information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender.
Thank You.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-20 21:00:28
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: More clueless news forwardings 
A long story, that, though I actually *prefer* to reside in Tim's killfile.
Shooting Mongo only makes him mad, you see...

@_date: 2002-01-22 19:56:45
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: [FP] Transcript: AAMVA's InterNational ID Press Conference 
Two banks will accept ID from consulate
YAKIMA -- Gabriela Moreno Casados didn't have acceptable identification
when she moved from Mexico, so she couldn't open a bank account and had no
safe or convenient place to keep her money.
Until recently, banks have refused to accept the Mexican citizenship card,
issued by the Mexican Consulate in Seattle, as ID.
In an effort to reach out to immigrants, U.S. Bank and Wells Fargo Bank now
accept the card, making it easier for many people to cash checks and open
checking, savings and retirement accounts.
Casados, 25, arrived here a year ago from Guanajuato to work for DoLex
Dollar Express, a Mexican company that operates a money wire-transfer
station at Yakimex La Bodega, a market on the city's north side.
Casados' paychecks are delivered to her house by mail. She can cash them at
Yakimex if she buys groceries, which she usually does.
"If I had a bank account, I could have an automatic deposit," Casados said.
"It's important to have an account."

@_date: 2002-01-24 15:30:17
@_author: "R. A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: Re: Ecash fraud resolution 
Right. That's Gene Fama (efficient market hypothesis), Fisher Black
(Black-Scholes option pricing model), et. al., "new" monetary economics
idea, circa 1980 or so.
If transaction cost is low enough, commodities become money, and money
commodities. There's no need for a numeraire. Someday. :-).
