
@_date: 2007-05-30 19:20:29
@_author: rayservers 
@_subject: Re: [Dgcchat] major milestone for loom 
As "bearer" as a bunch of random bits accessed by an onion routed access
can make it. Not blinded, but onion routing makes that almost irrelevant.

@_date: 2009-10-22 18:25:52
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: deposit money, go to jail for 30 years 
While I feel worry for the man who is being "wasted" by the system, what he is
really going to jail for is his failure to uphold the Law of the Land - the
Common Law. He is going to jail while the "law" that protects the fraudsters
from having to produce legal tender is "upheld". Those idiots who think they are
jurors are morons.
His complete ignorance of what is the /Law of the Land/ is what has got him in
jail and he has obviously failed in a lifetime to defend anyone in a common law
court of record. For being a "public defender", he is incompetent to defend himself.
See: and the entire  site.
Those of you who believe the constitution is the law of the land, or worse, that
the Acts emitted by the Gang of 535 are "Law", believe in fairies.... no, that
is too kind: Idol worshippers, I'd say. This is not to say that the gangsters
who run the show, won't torture you to death for not worshipping their idols.
The entire tragedy is because the common people have forgotten the common law
and lawful money and trust their purchasing power to the criminals who run this
circus. See: Capitalists are not those who work with imaginary, unlawful "money". Those
people are called communists or more accurately criminals, with some of them
being more equal than others. See Want to put an end to the abomination? You are a capitalist with capital?
Actually have a Lawful source of funds?

@_date: 2009-10-12 14:30:46
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: [p2p-research] Metacurrency 
We are working on this. See: The software contemplated is distributed. We are working on a Lisp based core
with a blackboard based approach with GBBOpen (you can happily do agent based
programming), and ties in to any other project such as Voucher Safe in Java (not
yet released), Loom (see  in Perl, etc. Bandwidth as a currency
is a natural outcome.
There is no need to invent imaginary currencies such as the USD to run an
economy. Such currencies are rooted in fraud and the current entrapment of the
"debtors" and together with them all the nation states is unfolding. More on the
Rayservers blog. Any lisp programmers who are interested can contact me.

@_date: 2009-10-30 13:06:57
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Federal Judge Says E-mail 
Hehe. Some things for the Cypherpunks here. Know pearls of the Law of The Land,
stay away from the pigs.
Whenever you hear that "judge so and so passed a judgement"... you know that you
are not hearing from a Common Law Court of Record. Which means, its just
thuggish Roman Law, with a government employee "the judge", creating statutes on
the fly, just like everything else from the DC criminal gangsters, as they go
about the business of pillaging "for profit". What a disgrace to that noble
word, "profit".
Exactly. Gangsters shoot their dogs.If you remain their registered dog, you will
be shot. You have to know THE LAW - not the corrupt language** that flows from
DC. Knowing THE LAW involves knowing how to hold court, etc.
See:  ** Freedom is not free. If you "believe in the courts" and "judgements of judges",
you believe in fairies. The courts are *yours*... if you only knew.
On gsc, I posted:
No, e-mail has degenerated into central servers (GMail + Yahoo + Hotmail) that
have all the information, all duly indexed and ready for searches and
If you want privacy, you will have to pay for it. You can have privacy that
locks out the email provider - OpenPGP. You can POP the email onto your own
computer via SSL.
Who said the 4th Amendment was free? You paid for your property and thus
naturally under the Common Law, The Law of The Land, you had that right to be
private and defend your property without the proclamation on holy scroll paper
"the Constitution" written and signed by some dead people. Of course, today you
can only rent your property from your town, and "citizens" think "rights" are
granted by government... and idiot judges who think they have the power to pass
judgement over the people, but that is another discussion.
How many will rush up and buy? Mmmmpppff.

@_date: 2009-11-29 20:11:15
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: managing and protecting nyms... 
Tyler, the truth is worse than that.
The credit fraud system is an entrapment system for "we, the people" to believe
what you just wrote are the reasonable limits of the universe of what is
possible or lawful.
What is to come is highly predictable.

@_date: 2009-11-24 02:29:27
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Incentives in Networking 
No, not rash at all. Its just the way things are today. Very few people can even
explain what a dollar is. The subconscious disillusionment with what passes for
"money" today results in the aversion towards anything to do with it.
One rightly feels that it should be possible to get by without this crap and the
attendant parasites and official scammers and terrorists. This is a true
statement - the worst crime against humanity is the "money| system as has been
practised in a few generations, the attendant theft of all the people's gold by
fraud and war and the virtual enslavement by the Identity State build on
monetized birth certificates.
Re: using loom for settlement is probably too much overhead...
One does not do a loom payment per byte. Once a day, say, one buys so many
gigabytes of transfer at a particular node which issues and settles its own
tokens all by itself. One does the same at a bunch of other nodes.
When one initiates an onion routed circuit or mixmaster message, one passes
tokens onion encrypted back to the node paying it in its own "bandwidth"
currency. That node does not have to talk to anyone else to settle it.
Think of loom as a two dimensional sparse array, 2^128 x 2^128. Its a DB with
2^128 "types" with 2^128 "locations". The node issues from a random location for
a random type it claims for its own bandwidth. That location goes negative. It
hands a random location with a certain number of tokens to a particular
customer... the sum of those 2^128 locations is zero. When a node "pays" by
revealing its location, the appropriate number of tokens is "moved" back to the
issuer location and "extinguished".
Paying that node for its tokens is revealing so many tokens of a particular type
on another node, that issues, say oil contracts in millilitres. A particular
mix/tor node may accept oil contracts from nodes O, I and L and Donut tokens
from D, O and N. Note a node could issue Oil, Donut and bandwidth tokens. No
shortage of types here.
The robotic market will soon vote the most preferred tokens by merely using
them. "Ithaca Hours" for street bums could be a currency. I just don't think it
would be very popular.
A node may be specific enough - "Dollar liabilities of BigBank, Littletown
Branch, Somewhere"; "Gold coins in ATM on 51st and 5th, NYC". People will soon
catch on that all "Dollars" are not equal. What if BigBank is rumoured to go
Why not digital cash? Every digital cash issuer would need to maintain a spend
book DB... why bother. For high value issuance, perhaps we would use that. A
loom node may store a cert at a particular issue location and issue tokens
against that. This way many nodes could issue oil contracts without being an oil
company. Oil company may only issue large contracts in DBCs.
Why should tor engineers work for only T-shirts? In the future, there is no
reason why they could not be as rich as any Microsoft employee... just better -
self made men whose gross income no one knows.
An integration application that can talk tor, Mixmaster, SMTP, tahoe, loom,
trubanc etc... is needed. I'm planning one:
Other neat stuff that should go viral and which inspired the name:
It is similar, no doubt, to the GSF project which I have had a lot to do with:
Perhaps the word Global can be saved from the Globalists who have butchered many
fine words... such as "money", "profit", etc. What happens to a cow who does not
produce more than she consumes? DEAD BEEF.

@_date: 2009-11-23 22:59:15
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Incentives in Networking 
I said price and I also said tokens on another node. It could be peanuts or oil
or music or whatever - perhaps donuts. Exchange value for value. At the end of
that chain... I go buy a donut.
Sure, you can trade points, hashcash, torrentpoints... how do I, who run an ISP,
go buy a donut? tit-for-that. lol.

@_date: 2009-11-23 18:30:35
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Incentives in Networking 
Incentives in Networking
Too long has the community of anonymity software writers ignored the tragedy of
the commons. If each tor router could advertise a price for amount of megabytes
transferred, it would be a self healing system.
Nodes that are overloaded would raise their price. Nodes that had spare capacity
would lower theirs. Intelligent clients would be able to pick a route that best
suits their latency needs.
This quickly becomes a complex scenario like the travelling salesman problem
that Web 1.0 and 2.0 technology will not solve. The "semantic web" of Web 3.0
only makes sense in an environment where information is not centralized on an
RDBMS with a PHP front end.
The RDBMS has been a crutch for programmers who cannot search data in memory. It
is also a crutch of those who fail to dig deep into persistence. In an online
world, persistence to disk is a crutch and a danger to those that seek
anonymity. Better that your data is out there - like on Tahoe - encrypted to
your key, but in memory like Scalaris with intelligent spooling to encrypted
disks on nodes so equipped. Boot from CDROM. Look mama, no data on disk.
SMTP was the high point of Web 1.0 protocols. Why? Because it implements queues
and asynchronous messaging. It can be near instant, not much slower than a http
POST. It can be secure - and the anonymity high as in mixmaster.
What describe I call Web 4.0. It will enable Economically Viable Self Extending
Wireless Networks. Incentive Settlement
The other requirement of Web 4.0 is settlement. Since credit cards, there has
been a refusal to look at the problems of settlement. There was little
incentive. Digital cash did not make it not because the technology sucked, it
was because they did not look into settlement. Credit cards succeeded not
because they were wonderful, but because they caused promissory liabilities to
be created by both the buyer AND the seller. It was a God send for the official
scammer = the bankers. Settlement quietly centralized at the DTCC
[ where the Quadrillion Dollar figure is quietly touted on their site.
Ignorant of what settlement is, or how *they* caused the flood of promissory
checking account liabilities, the common people today are destroying the
promissory liabilities they created. "Crisis" by design. They have been entrapped:
You can only settle what you issue. This, put tersely is the problem. Each tor
node can issue tokens of megabytes of encrypted data transferred. Each can
settle its own tokens. It will have to accept tokens of other value issued by
other nodes in payment. No need for digital cash. Postage meters are enough. See
Its cheaper than "free"
The cost of accessing the internet is not zero. A monthly charge is paid to the
ISP - either dial-up or broadband. People with a server on the web pay a monthly
hosting fee. If you are google, your monthly bill is not trivial. The sum of
these payment streams is what pays for the "free" services in some fashion.
Starving Web 1.0
The gang of 535 and their minders are busy creating "laws" that ISPs must
enforce rights in imaginary property so that no one focuses on the fact that
*they* stole all the real property in cohorts with the financial fraudsters.
Be that as it may, it will become cheaper for ISPs to offer "so many bytes" of
encrypted data transferred than to continue to amortize their running costs via
inefficient allocation of revenue streams from retail accounts.
It will become cheaper for those who adopt Web 4.0 DSL routers to access the web
as the ISP is freed of his obligations to monitor the content. This will take a
court case or two, but it will happen.
Tor will have to grow up. Web 4.0 will have to support asynchronous messaging.
Why? Because your PC is nothing more than a glorified dumb terminal - enabling
the centralized control of society. The pendulum will inevitably swing the other
way out of necessity. Low latency does not get better than your own PC for
"streaming media" such as videos.
SMTP Email has become a centralized database on a handful of NSA sites with
popular brand names. This will have to move back to a mixmaster style pay per
message system. No spam, or at least, they will have to pay your *ask price* to
accept an email.
The semantic web of 3.0 will have to become a reality as searching for
information will not be searching a centralized database like Google. Searches
will cost some money... again your total bill will be *less* than your monthly
broadband bill unless you are consuming HDTV movies. In which case, you can pay.
Suddenly RIAA is our friend. They can *sell* content, reverse auction style,
which is how it is anyway in the content industry. See RAH's rants somewhere.
Is the current code base of Tor going to evolve to achieve all this? I think
not. Code will have to be written with higher levels of abstraction.
Transactions will have to queue. MVC will yield to continuations.
The geopolitical outlook
It is not pretty. A bunch of scammers stole all the people's gold by fraud and
war. They have all the guns... Every "citizen" the world over is their
registered slave. Fathers and mothers gave their children up as chattel property
of the State [Register = give to the State]. It is fraud on a scale you cannot
imagine, yet it pervades the air so you do not see it.
An anonymous life.
A pseudonymous life for a writer may be attractive. Better yet, to construct
engines of wealth that run on their own. The old fashioned tools are
corporations. In the future they will be private express trusts. The only
difference is that the latter won't be "registered" with the official scammers.
People have begun to notice these scams. Some brave Americans are in court.
This is the stuff of world change. Web 4.0 will be a part of it. You can sneer
from the sidelines or take part.
Cypherpunks write code... I hope to be one (of many in the future) who can pay
such people by creating an ecosystem for such code and bring about what is
needed. In the mean time, see you on

@_date: 2009-12-11 01:27:34
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Privacy and profit 
Dear Friends,
Here is another me too, with a request (at the bottom).
I have had quite the adventure over the last few years, enough I believe to
annoy the rascals. I practice what most only preach, and am determined to not
make the mistakes such as those by e-gold et all.
It seems that the most occult of contemporary knowledge is money, economics and
law, and the from extensive conversations I know how rare a combination of true
comprehension in such is.
annoy some of "them"... because some of the analysis has hit close to home.
The time has come to go forward with the next generation of software and the
next generation of lawful money. I have set up TikiWiki 4.0 on an SSL only site,
feel free to use and create with it.
This below is the stub for a distributed agent platform for Global Settlement:
This covers the stub for the GSF system:
A stub for economics & how we will have to proceed:
Some articles I believe have made an impact in certain circles:
And in nice color PDF that will land on the desk of every bureaucrat at the UN
some day soon that explains what your "cash in the bank" is:
An abbreviated GSF overview:
None of this is going to be subsidized by any of the gentlemen who would rather
wish it weren't. So this information needs to get in front of those who matter -
those who control assets of production - who stand to lose control in the
greatest swindle of all time that is ongoing.
That swindle, is staggering. Dubai is visible evidence of it. Too many people
who once had an incredible number of zeros in their "asset portfolios" are
waking up to a nightmare they do not comprehend. The reason is so staggeringly
simple that they refuse to believe it: Bank-liabilities to pay legal tender are
vanishing into the thin air from which they appeared.
So here is the request:
I wrote a Christmas 2009 message that is here:
It touches on much of this, in an simpler fashion. It needs to go out far and
wide without spamming. An economy has to be build from scratch. Those that try
to restore the Common Law such as Rod Class and Dave Buess, need to be widely
The scandals of our time need coherent coverage. It is not going to happen
within the old dying structures.
So, please see this message:  and send it out to
your friends. If you have a high traffic web site, use the affiliate system to
put the word out and make money while you are at it. If Rayservers is successful
commercially (way beyond what it is today), it will be good news for the poor
coders who are coding tor for an occasional T-shirt.
Become an issuer, vault, dealer, producer, investor, trader, coder, miner,
doctor etc., and to be innovative. There is a whole world economy waiting to be
taken over. Weave your independence:
Privacy has one very important feature - keeping the profits of your
productivity from being stolen by the parasites in power. This is why "they"
hate it, and this is why Google's new attitude is now Evil.

@_date: 2010-01-02 14:42:46
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell Out of Prison with a Request 
Dear John,
Please say hello to Mr. Bell.
And advise him, that the whole "greenhouse gas" thing is a farce to rob the
world population of any remaining rights and to usher in World Government.
"They" have stolen all the gold, they have monetized every baby, "they" have
centralized ownership of all stocks in CEDE & CO, "they" run a corporation
"UNITED STATES" the foreign occupation power in Washington, D.C., and "they" are
in the middle of a world financial war...
.... and it is a waste of time sending them any letters regarding gas
emissions... chuckle.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.10 (GNU/Linux)
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 2010-02-08 13:00:33
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Multiple Internets 
It is economic warfare amongst protocols. Those protocols that let others profit
or steal from other by fraud, succeed. There is no incentive with the
behavioural psychology of the average human for security. Hence they are going
to pay the ultimate price. The environment in which that price will be extracted
is a police state and no lawful money in circulation and 100% spying with
whining from those who stole all the purchasing power to keep the system that
way. Fortunately, and unfortunately, it will not last in terms of historical time.
The way out is complex. Some of it will require living human beings who know The
Law of The Land - Common Law - to stop the fraud. There are people working on
this. See the Rayservers blog where news from two such groups is covered:
Slavery ended because of the mechanised cotton picker. Soon, it will be clearly
only people who know how to do business without being robbed blind, who will
survive.... trading without the enemy.
No point decrying twitter and facebook. It is what it is due to physics,
finance, etc. Better to build Web 4.0:
which will be tried and purified in the fires of the greater depression and its
attendant wars - again the inevitable necessities of physics, finance, etc.

@_date: 2010-02-07 00:34:27
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Key-sniffer 
Well, quit yelling and show us what you can do to get Web 4.0 together. There is
a whole economy to put together. Paying jobs exist. Even better, you could show
entrepreneurial spirit.
You may want to see:

@_date: 2010-02-08 13:00:20
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Multiple Internets 
It is economic warfare amongst protocols. Those protocols that let others profit
or steal from other by fraud, succeed. There is no incentive with the
behavioural psychology of the average human for security. Hence they are going
to pay the ultimate price. The environment in which that price will be extracted
is a police state and no lawful money in circulation and 100% spying with
whining from those who stole all the purchasing power to keep the system that
way. Fortunately, and unfortunately, it will not last in terms of historical time.
The way out is complex. Some of it will require living human beings who know The
Law of The Land - Common Law - to stop the fraud. There are people working on
this. See the Rayservers blog where news from two such groups is covered:
Slavery ended because of the mechanised cotton picker. Soon, it will be clearly
only people who know how to do business without being robbed blind, who will
survive.... trading without the enemy.
No point decrying twitter and facebook. It is what it is due to physics,
finance, etc. Better to build Web 4.0:
which will be tried and purified in the fires of the greater depression and its
attendant wars - again the inevitable necessities of physics, finance, etc.

@_date: 2010-02-23 12:36:41
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Markets are efficient if and only if P = NP 
Chuckle. He would better spend his time  analyzing if "money out of nothing" =
something.... and what its effects on the resultant so-called "market" is.

@_date: 2010-03-30 13:28:36
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [ PRIVACY Forum ]  Surveillance via bogus SSL 
I have proposed that we strip out ALL outside certificate authorities from an
open source browser, and distribute such... and to practice what I preach, I
just went into FF and nuked the bunch - and whee, I can connect, verify the cert
and login :). The USER - a la monkey sphere - has to decide if she trusts the
Certificate Authority - who the hell are they anyway? And to answer my own
rhetorical question - those that issue the highest TRUST certificates to
licensed scammers a.k.a. the banks. I do not trust a single one of the
recommendations of official CAs. If I am forced, like one has to in this world -
to visit a bank website, I can figure out how much I distrust them all by
myself. All I want to know is "am I visiting the same site again"... and a "self
signed" cert is all I need, "ssh style". And yes, I love the monkeysphere
approach which would add meaningful levels of trust to that choice. And no -
there is no difference in my trust level if the cert says "self signed" or
"fairysign super duper" perhaps the former is better! - at least fairysign
cannot go off and bless the MITM - especially of any sites I run!
The basic error of all these cryptographers is to confound security/encryption
with identity. It is a very costly error to make, especially for the people who
blindly use such technology, and one that history shall record as the thing that
facilitated pervasive surveillance and the thought police [warning you are about
to connect to a secure site!] and rampant electronic fraud - the fraud of
misrepresentation by sleight of hand that bank liabilities are
non-distinguishable from legal tender by the official scammers of this planet -
the second layer of circular fraud piled upon the primary circular fraud of
legal tender.
It is quite a spectacle really.

@_date: 2010-04-05 13:57:40
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [ PRIVACY Forum ]  Surveillance via bogus SSL 
It is an issue similar to the issue of trust when you walk into a bazaar - a
free market with *many* of two kinds of people: *buyers* and *sellers*.
By requiring everyone to have an "identity" card from the Queen of England**
herself, it just makes the Queen more equal than anyone else. Soon, you cannot
do business selling tomatoes grown in your backyard without a special license
from the Queen - to ensure that you only used "approved" seeds... and on it goes.
Grow up people - you have to do the work of learning to trust - all by yourself.
You better learn quick that trusting your friends is better than trusting the
Queen of England herself - for neither you nor I know the Queen, and it seems
she is a prisoner of certain people.
If, on the first visit, you are using a poisoned DNS system, or on a compromised
operating system, then foo on you. The future will have neither, except at the
option of the losers who wish to be losers.
** Just picking a familiar Head of State, it could very well be your CA, a petty
government official, the Drivers License bureau, or some Wizard from the Land of
Oz. It does seem though, that the Queen of England is herself a prisoner to
certain powers, so how do you know that Fairysign is not?

@_date: 2010-05-18 12:12:58
@_author: Rayservers 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange's passport confiscated 
Its a common law "country". Julian needs to learn that stuff...
 is a good starting point, as are youtube videos by John Harris
 and Robert Menard.
