
@_date: 2006-06-03 18:21:45
@_author: Renegade Penguin 
@_subject: Re: [opensuse] error 
I actually did have a good idea, and posted it.  The occasional helpful issue is pretty good.  Houghi writing to them *privately* instead of in public, upsetting others, was the suggestion that I used.  I did this in the public arena so that it can be an open discussion, and hopefully result in positive solutions.
There is a line between helping on technical issues and moving them to other lists.  The grey area exists in building community.  I'm starting to perceive more of what appears to be a hostile attitude, not by one particular person but my more among the group.  This is why I sounded off - to try to keep things positive as well as help others who may want to sound off on the debate.
Depending on the level of the technical questions - see the "anything RIGHT with 10.1?" threads among others - sometimes general problems or even specific problem discussion can be helpful to the rest of the Also, I know tone is not conveyed in e-mail much so I'll give you an indication of my mood as well, which is constructive.

@_date: 2006-06-03 17:48:03
@_author: Renegade Penguin 
@_subject: Re: [opensuse] error 
Please stop posting like this.  The postings referring elsewhare are becoming trolling, unfortunately, due to their excessive nature.
Isn't building community helping others?  Excessive policing of others can really be a turn-off.
Orienting to the community should be a positive experience.  Because someone asks a question in a different list than is intended, should we not help at all?  Hardly.
Here is an analogy.  If you are in a department store, and you have a question, you ask the nearest worker.  They could be a cashier, someone in jewelry, men's clothing, sporting goods, etc.  If they are excessively busy, they will try to point you in the general direction of your question.
However, more often than not, if they have good skills, they will often help. with the added caveat of *also* directing the customer to the correct place *for the future.*
While I do believe houghi is trying to be helpful, it appears to me that it's starting to go a bit too far.  Without helpful nature, the "RTFM syndrome" takes over and becomes a place for elitists.  Responding *privately* to someone's thread in this manner (below) might be more appropriate rather than chastising people in public every single time.
I write this in public to help further discussion of this.  People do not use SUSE in order to be constantly chastized.  They come to enjoy themselves and utilize the mailing lists as a way to learn more, utilize them as tools, and try to better their computing experience.  Didactic and preachy posts that come one or two a day in an identical fashion such as the one below can often drive others out rather than help bring people into the fold.
This is just my 2¢, but I count 15 of these specific identical messages P.S. Yes, I prefer top-posting, as I read top to bottom in English, regardless of the locale.\
