
@_date: 2004-11-17 23:09:21
@_author: "Mortgage Offer" 
@_subject: Residence Message Pertaining To Amortization Term 
Lending Education Group Newsletter        Current Issue  
      November 17, 2004 
              ABOUT BORROWING Don't be afraid
              to ask questions
 Ask
                your lender exactly what is being offered—you have a legal
                right to know the total cost of the loan, the annual percentage
                rate, the monthly payments and how long you have to pay back
                the loan.
  Have
            all fees and points explained to you before applying for a loan.
  Always
          ask questions until you understand everything.
          TO REFINANCE  Lock in a lower
              rate or lower payment
Refinancing at a rate that is at least .5% less than your current rate
          is a sure-fire way to save money each month. Over the past year, mortgage
          rates have stayed at record lows, making this an ideal time for many
          homeowners to refinance. Also, if you've improved your credit rating
          since your home purchase (or last refinance) you may be able to get
          a lower rate.
          out more  Lending Education Group was
                founded to provide borrowers with the knowledge necessary to avoid
                the potential pitfalls and problems associated with refinancing.
                We offer you the knowledge necessary to make informed decisions
                about refinancing your home.   Q: Should you refinance
              your home mortgage?
            A: That's a question many
        homeowners are asking, given the lower mortgage rates that are
        currently available. 
            Q: How do you decide if refinancing makes sense in your particular
              case?             A: The answer depends on many factors, including
            your tax bracket, the length of time you plan to stay in your home,
            and the additional costs and charges you must pay for the refinancing.              For answers to these questions and more visit the Borrowing
            Tips section  of the LendingEducationGroup.com.
Have more questions?
Continue here to get the facts
            and start working with a trustworthy lender today.
            -Sincerely             Lending Education Group
