
@_date: 2003-08-25 19:37:10
@_author: "Rainer Gerhards" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Drew & others,
Read on, this is not the usual rant... I think we need to keep two things separate:
1. the behaviour of the JAP team
2. the German law system If we discuss  I am fully in agreement with you - they have screwed
up. I tried to research the actual court order, but unfortunately it is
not online. What I found was interesting, though. If you look at their
statements in the excellent independent Heise news site, you will see a
lot of insight. It is in German, but you can run it through
babelfish.altavista.com - the translation is good enough to get the
The bottom line is that at least I read it in that way that the kind of
cooperated because (as they said) they found it reasonable to do so. But
this is not the failure of the German law system - it is the projects
failure... And, BTW, I don't have an issue with them trying to monitor a suspect
criminal (the child pornography site), but the fact that they are still
saying the service is totally anonymous, which simply is a lie.
But coming to  Yes, and this is exactly what happens here. *If* you trust their
statemenst (I don't) then they are only tap those suspects that are
trying to access a (suspect) criminal site. The more I think about it,
the more it is exactly the same as with phone taping, carnivore ... You
name it.
Look at phone tapping. I assume even in the US the FBI can get a court
order to tap a suspect criminal's phone line if there is sufficient
evidence. Now let's assume they have this court order. Now you, the
innocent, try to contact this suspect criminal (e.g. to order some child
for sexual abuse ;)). Even though there is no court order against you,
you are still tapped. Now let's assume that you really tried to "order"
a child for sexual absuse. I Germany, you can become presecuted in this
case, even though that court order was not specifically to tap you but
the person you called. I am note sure if that is the same in the US. As
a side note, every user of the phone system could potentially have been
tapped if he had called the party.
Now look at JAP. As I do not see any reason to defned the JAP project
( above), let's simply assume there statement is correct and only a
single target IP is tapped. Let's further assume this is actually a site
that offers child pornography. I assume this is forbidden in the US,
too, but again, I am not sure about this (it also doesn't matter,
because you are using a German server, so local law applies *to this
server* - not you). OK, so any internet user is at risk at being tapped
- as is any phone user in the above sample. However, as with the phone,
the tap only "engages" if the innocent child pornography user tries to
connect to the suspect criminal's servers (that one under the tap
order). Now the "innocent" user is recorded. If he haden't "called" that
server, nothing would have happened. You get the idea? I think technically what happens is very similar to
the risk any phone user runs when using the phone system...
What makes the big difference, though, is that nobody really beliefes
the phone system is secure - but the JAP project made you believe you
were totally anonymous. Effectivly, they were breaching their user's
risk... But, honestly, isn't it a little too simple thinking to trust
your privacy to a remote project in a foreign country (whom's laws you
don't know) which is funded by the gouvernment? As some pointed out,
code review does not help here as you are in need of some server
ressources and you can't verify the code that actually runs on those
servers. The only good thing the JAP team made was to make that modified
source public. Just think about, they had simply had installed the tap
and nobody would have noticed...
I think this re-strenghtens an old wisdom: never trust somebody else but
yourself with your security ;) Just think about the potential of a
corrupt mix... What they could do with all the traffic passing by. And
keep in mind, there can be criminals among those that run mixes (I have
to admit that every now and then some criminals were found among German
policie offiecers as probably everywhere else in the world).
I think (but don't know) JAP captures only the IP addresses. This will
also keep you away from German jurisdiction. Let's theoretically think
they only capture your IP address. So they need the cooperation of your
ISP. No big deal if you are in Germany. But you in the US are protected
from German police by the virtue of your citizenship and location.
However... If German police talks to US police and a US judge finds the
request reasonable, then you will as will be reached by the German
police. But all of this within the boundaries of the US law system.
Fortunately, again, you are still protected by US jurisdiction which
will ultimately decide if that is a valid request. Of course, things
change when you enter German soil (and you have been identified before),
but this is the same in any country including the US. Again, although I am not a lawyer, I doubt it is possible to force a
developer to install a backdoor or trojanize software. In this case, if
you look at  above, it was not really forced. Even if there was a
court order, it was not defended by the JAP team. If they had, it would
have created much more publicity and taken quite a while...
This reminds me a little bit of PGP: In the intial days, there were many
threads and court orders. But there was Phil Zimermann who defended all
of them. If there had been a Phil Zimmerman an JAP, things may look
different now. And, yes, I have to admit I think there are more Phil
Zimmermanns in the US than over here...
This case teaches us one important point: it is dagerous to believe
anyone who is promising you privacy AND doing this via eiter software
you can't review or ressources you don't control. And keep in mind that
your ability to review software does not only mean you have access to
the source but the time and ability to actually understand what it does
- every part of it...
One second finding is - I think - interesting: the Internet is finally
becoming mainstream which means law enforcement also begins to
understand it and begins to use it. IMHO, this has pros and cons. But it
is a fact that we need to become aware of. In a few years, POTS will be
legacy and all tapping will be done by tapping IP traffic. I guess we
have better chances to keep privacy - but we need to be aware of this
changing world.
Finally, a personal opinion on this case: while I find that JAP has
severely failed and the law enforcement system is working reasonably
well, I also think that in suspect crime cases as this (IF it is the
truth), it is actually justified to tap aspecific site's users. It is as
much justified as I think it is important to stop terrorist from
conductiong their crimes, whereever they try to strike.
I hope I haven't provided too much noise, but I really think this thread
has reminded us of some basics and changes that we may slowly forget...
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-22 21:11:07
@_author: "Rainer Gerhards" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
>This issue simply can not be defended. There is no way to defend this action of the German police. We can move the topic to other things, but ultimately, this action can not be defended.
He, he.... You pretty much sound like running out of arguments.
You know the difference between democracy and dictatorshup? In the first, we move slowly but based on law while the later one is driven by a single opinion..
Honestley... You sound very much like the few really ignorant Americans. The US are great in whatever they do and all others are not, even if they do the same thing... This is not how I like to talk to friends... Fortunately, you are exceptional in many ways ;)
Sorry... That needed to be said.
Rainer Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-22 16:28:26
@_author: "Rainer Gerhards" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
I haven't looked at the actual protocol used by JAP, just followed the
postings here. But if they re-route traffic through the mixes *quickly*
it may be hard to trace who is an actual user, but it is definitely
possible. In the Dresden-Dresden case it is really so easy that it is
(again) laughable at what the Germany police is trying over here. They
could obtain what the want by "just" running some traffic analysis.
Sure, that would be more expensive, but it would have had the benefit of
not beeing publically discussed.
Bottom line: a real analyzer must randomly *delay* in- and outgoing
traffic. In high-volume environments a few (milli) seconds may do. If
JAP does this, then it (was) fine. If it didn't, it wasn't any secure in
the first place...
As another example (being shut down externally), that famous anonymous
remailer (pennet.fi or so) introduced random delays by design to
circumvent this issue.
My (technical;)) 2 cts...
PS: If you would like to run a rant on German gouvernment, its technical
incompetence may be a much better target ;)
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-22 07:53:09
@_author: "Rainer Gerhards" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Sorry, but I need to violently disagree. Let me first of all say that I
am very pro-US. But you are acting out the attitude that others let
think of the imperialistic US and creates a bad view on the US in
For example, the US gets jurisdiction about me if
- we sell to Cuba (via some tricks in the helms-burton and follow up
- violate the DMCA (And this *can* be done by posting an advisor or an
- if I do some reasearch, I will most probably find more, beginning from
tax laws to
  all kinds of laws.
Sure, the (typically) can't reach me unless I enter US ground. But then
they can and will do (should I remind you of some russian floks... ;)).
The US Gouvernment is very well at censoring (see library vs. filter
issue) and DOES a great deal of monitoring of the Internet. It doesn't
help the TIA has been renamed. It is kind of sarcatsic that it now says
it won't affect US citicens but all others. Is that why you claim the US
has better laws ;) Ok, it is natural and to be expected that a nation cares about its own
citiens. After all, this is what citicenship is good for. It is natural
that the US protects its own interests and laws. But accept the fact
that other nations do this, too. Otherwise you add to the (thankfully
mostly false impression) of the "ignorant American".
As another poster pointed out, the US have a *big* monitoring spot over
here in Germany where they spy on telephone conversation, faxes and
nowadays probably email (btw: they operate it partly together with the
British). It is kind of ironic: While I don't know the inner workings of
JAB, it may have very well been the case that an US citizen used the
German server (before it became "trojaned") and the US monitoring took
record of what he did. Also, for obvious reasons, this email will be
scanned by the NSA. So, ironically, by using a German service an US
citicen may become monitored by the US just because of the fact that the
US monitoring post in Germany (and there are others in other countries)
did assume he is not an US citizen because he virtually left the
country. Quite ironic, isn't it? But it doesn't matter, the US GOV
already has (or will shortly) install monitoring devices in all US
Internet exchanges, if you remeber that discussion. Such movements are
being accelerated by the latest anti-terrorrism laws, which find many
What is the bottom line: the US is a Big Brother in many respects. I
don't think it is correct for an US citizen to assume that the others
are the bad guys just because the do (partly) of what the US does for
decades now...
Generally, I think that is only vaguely an issue of either Germany or
the US - it is an issue of local laws not catching up with the Internet.
And it is an issue of the worldwide movement towards less freedom. We
need to stand up against it, but I also think we need to stand up
against this within the law system. Democracy definitely is not
bullet-proof and has its weaknesses - but it is the best system I know
and even though it is slow, we should take some time to fight the needed
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:

@_date: 2003-08-22 07:32:56
@_author: "Rainer Gerhards" 
@_subject: RE: [Full-Disclosure] JAP back doored 
Hey, who invented the DMCA and other such nice stuff. While I disagree
with some of the legal movements (especially in Germany), it may be wise
to think over the big picture before finger-pointing... The US are
*very* good in forcing others to follow their legislation, so it might
not be too wise to critize this in the US first....
Unfortunately, all countries (including US in this case) seem to follow
the chineese approach in "free Internet" in recent times. Ah, well, and,
yes, I have to admit that Germany (at least the state of
Northrhein-Westfalia) is sometimes leading this movement ;)
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter:
