
@_date: 2013-08-01 05:50:25
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Gen. Alexander @ Black Hat [Video] 
Any attendees on list with on-the-ground perspective?
 attendees on list with on-the-ground perspective?

@_date: 2013-08-04 18:12:53
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, Malicious JS Discovered 
Owner arrested in Ireland, FBI makes extradition request, malicious
JavaScript discovered on a number of important hidden services.
 What happened?Eric Eoin Marques, the 28 year old owner and operator of the
Tor-based internet host 'Freedom Hosting' has been arrested in Ireland and
charged with distributing and promoting child pornography on the internet,
 the Independent.
Since the arrest, internet users have
 noticing malicious JavaScript  designed to
compromise their identities inserted into pages hosted by Freedom Hosting,
including the 'Tormail' service, as well as a number of pedophile
Why?'Freedom Hosting' provides hosting for anonymous 'hidden services' on
the Tor network. These services can range from everything from anonymous
email and library services, to online marketplaces for drug distribution
and the production and exchange of child pornography.
As this is part of an ongoing FBI investigation, there is no conclusive
evidence that the injection of this JavaScript is the result of a
government operation, however, this does fall under a known pattern of FBI
 related to child porn sting operations. It is possible that the attack,
which delivers a weaponized exploit to Firefox users running Windows
systems, is the work of non-government cyber criminals, although the timing
of the arrest and the appearance of this code on a number of hidden
services hosted by Freedom Hosting does seem to imply a government
The execution of malicious JavaScript inside the Tor Browser Bundle,
perhaps the most commonly used Tor client, comes as a surprise to many
users. Previously, the browser disabled JavaScript execution by default for
security purposes, however this change was recently reverted by developers
in order to make the product more useful for average internet users. As a
result, however, the applications has become vastly more vulnerable to
attacks such as this*. *
What's going to happen next?Although it is difficult to gauge the size of
the anonymous internet, Freedom Hosting did seem to be perhaps the largest
anonymous web host, and its compromise will have serious implications for
the future of Tor hidden services.
We expect there will be a deeper technical analysis of the malware in the
coming days as security researchers examine it in greater detail. Since the
attack was designed at Firefox for Windows, which the Tor Browser Bundle is
based upon, it seems likely that this is not a random occurance, and that
the malware is designed specifically designed to compromise the identities
of anonymous internet users. Although this would be a victory for the FBI
against child pornographers who use the Tor network, it could also mean a
serious security breach for international activists and internet users
living in repressive states who use the services to practice online free
OpenWatch has been in the early stages of designing a new alternative to
Freedom Hosting, calledOnionCloud ,
to allow anonymous Heroku-like application hosting. Developers interested
in this idea and other OpenWatch technologies are invited to join the
discussion by joining the openwatch-dev mailing list by sending an email to

@_date: 2013-08-25 22:25:37
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Equilibrium 51% Attack Cost of Bitcoin Network 
Nifty little tool showing the estimated cost of controlling the majority of
the Bitcoin network:
Would love to see something similar for the Tor network - my guess is that
the cost there is probably at least an order-of-magnitude lower, but that's
just my intuition.
From the site..
Nifty little tool showing the estimated cost of controlling the majority of the Bitcoin network:
Would love to see something similar for the Tor network - my guess is that the cost there is probably at least an order-of-magnitude lower, but that's just my intuition.R
From the site..
                                        Introduction
Equilibrium 51% Attack Cost:
 This is a metric attempting to calculate the total present value cost required to attack the Bitcoin network through majority hashing power (51% attack).
                                        The metric is meant to be viewed
 as a snapshot in time as if an attacker decided to invest in attacking the network under the current conditions.
BRIX Score: "Bitcoin Robustness Index" - The relative rank of Bitcoin's 51% attack cost compared to annual military expenditures among all nations.
                                        Method
                                        This metric is, in essence, equal to 51% of the present value ("PV") of all future revenues derived from bitcoin mining using current Mt. Gox prices.
                                        Revenues include both block rewards and transaction fees. The purpose behind using PV as a measuring
 tool is to approximate the incentives to miners to build upon the Bitcoin network.
                                        The measure can be viewed as an aggregate of all the cost-benefit analyses done by individual miners.
                                        We believe this is superior to other methods of calculating the attack cost, including variables such as current hash rates and current capital costs, because the model is independent of technology advancements.
                                        Under the equilibrium model, miners will continue to invest in equipment until they reach the point where marginal cost equals marginal revenue (the point of profit                                         Under perfect competition (of which bitcoin mining is effectively), this point will also be where aggregate cost equals aggregate revenue.
                                        If we assume the variables that can affect mining revenue are held constant ($/btc & transaction fees), then it is easy to calculate aggregate revenue and therefore also
 aggregate cost.
                                        Since we know aggregate revenue equals aggregate cost, by calculating 51% of aggregate revenue we effectively calculate 51% of the aggregate cost to miners.
                                        We calculated this metric by discounting each block reward (210,000 blocks) as if it were an annuity and then discounting it further to its present value. Then, we added estimated transaction fees based off historical records.
                                        Assumptions
                                        This metric is meant to represent a model at equilibrium. Therefore it represents a snapshot of 51% of the incentive to miners at the current price and current transaction fee levels.
                                        The idea is that miners are willing to invest in the network as long as it is profitable to continue
 doing so. We assume the following:
                                                Rational Actors:
                                                We assume all mining participants are rational actors and strictly pursue profit maximization. We ignore all other motivations, including political, emotional, and reputational. All other heuristics and biases are                                                 Static Variables:
                                            We assume that the variables
 in the model are static, and therefore represent a 'snapshot in time'. There are no growth forecasts for either price or transaction fees.
                                                Perfect Competition:
                                            We assume that all miners and potential attackers have access to the same technology, resources, and information. There is no technological advantage for any party that would exclusively decrease mining costs or otherwise acquire mining equipment faster.
                                                Discount Rate: 8%
                                            Our model discounts future cash flows by 8%.

@_date: 2013-08-26 23:08:03
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Geotemporal Public Key Distribution 
This is a small, unfinished idea I had, but I'd be interested in hearing
any feedback anybody here might have to offer. Normally we talk about
cryptography to secure communications, but this is an idea rather about
verifying the authenticity of media.
[Quick backround: OpenWatch  is a global citizen
media network using mobile phones as the basis for a free worldwide press.
We care very much about the authenticity of citizen media, and have
designed some systems
which attempt to
improve the verifiability of citizen media.]
The problem is that sometimes media artifacts are presented as a record of
a current event, when in fact they from different events. An example of
this was when images of a marathon race in Istanbul were presented as
the recent Occupy Gezi protests.
Now, imagine the globe divided into a grid coordinate system, say 100,000
units (or perhaps 232, if IP rather than physical address is to be used).
Based on their physical location, reporters can contact a server and are
assigned a key with which to sign or encrypt their media to. This then ties
a media object to a physical space. This can be further improved to include
both time and space by dividing a space-day into a number of units, suppose
1440, such that different keys would be handed out at different times of
the day, thus further tying a document to a moment in time as well.
Does anybody know if any systems like this have ever been discussed or
designed in the past? I suppose this is somewhat similar to the RSA-keyfob
system, although this allows for anonymous access without pre-arrangement
as well.

@_date: 2013-09-13 21:31:50
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: "FBI Admits It Controlled Tor Servers Behind Mass Malware Attack" 
No mention of SAIC, who almost certainly actually built the thing.

@_date: 2013-09-13 17:04:08
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: FLYINGPIG // Tor 
Screenshots from FLYINGPIG interface show a tab for "Tor events QFD"
Any more details out there?
Bruce: Screenshots from FLYINGPIG interface show a tab for "Tor events QFD"
Any more details out there?Bruce:

@_date: 2013-10-14 20:26:15
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Why Android SSL was downgraded from AES256-SHA to RC4-MD5 in late 2010 
Nasty: Looks like ignorance rather than malice, but that's a pretty fucking
bone-headed maneuver. Normally the Android guys are quite sharp, so a
mistake like this actually strikes me as a little bit fishy.
Here's the guy responsible for the commit: Worth a follow-up?

@_date: 2014-01-27 20:50:50
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: BitInstant CEO / BTCKing Indicted for Money Laundering 
Here are the docs:
Page 11: safe-mail, not so safe!

@_date: 2014-01-15 00:18:01
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: BitCoin Stealth Addresses 
In response to the earlier chatter about BitCoin privacy..
Apparently gaining some traction, implementation running on the testbed.
Haven't looked over the details, but it at least seems like a small
improvement. I don't know if it will actually defend against BitIodine type
clustering analysis.
Full text:
* Abstract
A Stealth Address is a new type of Bitcoin address and related
scriptPubKey/transaction generation scheme that allowers payees to
publish a single, fixed, address that payors can send funds efficiently,
privately, reliably and non-interactively. Payors do not learn what
other payments have been made to the stealth address, and third-parties
learn nothing at all. (both subject to an adjustable anonymity set)
* Acknowledgments
Credit goes to ByteCoin for the original idea.(1) Gregory Maxwell, Adam
Back, and others on  contributed valuable input on the
implementation. Finally thanks goes to Amir Taaki for input on the
general idea of stealth addresses and use-cases.
* Background
Viewed generally a Bitcoin address is a mechanism by which a payee
instructs a payor to create a transaction such that the payee can spend
one or more of the transaction outputs. Of course, typically the address
is simply the hash of a pubkey, and the mechanism by which the funds are
made available to the payee is to simply create a scriptPubKey of the
following form:
    DUP HASH160  EQUALVERIFY CHECKSIG
The problem however is address reuse: it is convenient for payees to
give one or more payor a single address and use it multiple times for
various purposes. This results in all those payments becoming trivially
linkable to each other by an attacker - a threat not only to the privacy
of the user, but also to all users of Bitcoin.(2)
BIP32 hierarchical deterministic wallets are frequently proposed as a
solution. Now an address is a chain code and the mechanism by which a
scriptPubKey is generated is to derive a one-time-use pubkey from that
chain code and some index i. However, this quickly runs into two main
1) Lack of privacy: While someone not in possession of the address can't
   link payments together, someone who is can.
2) State: If the index is not to be re-used wallets must either maintain
   per-address state, or somehow query for already used indexes, or
   somehow generate them in a sufficiently small range that the payee
   can recover the indexes. All these solutions are problematic.
A good example of where the BIP32-derivation solutions fails come up at
the Dark Wallet Hackathon where it was suggested by the author that for
the purpose of securing person-to-person payments OpenPGP public keys
and X.509 certificates be extended with a new user-id field containing a
Bitcoin address. Wallet software could then use either certificate
system to ensure funds were being sent to the intended recipients -
essentially a non-interactive way of solving what the BIP70 payment
protocol solves interactively. Of course, without stealth addresses the
scheme would likely have little or no privacy.
* Requirements
1) Generated scriptPubKey must be globally unique
2) Must be only spendable by payee
3) scriptPubKey and associated transaction must be indistinguishable to
   third-parties from other transactions in some anonymity set.
4) Method must be fully deterministic and funds recoverable from a
   wallet seed and blockchain data for both payee and payor.
5) Funds must be efficiently recoverable by payee with reasonable, and
   configurable, computation and bandwidth costs.
6) Must be compatible with CoinJoin/Must not leak information to payee
   about what txins were used to pay them.
7) Must be compatible with multisig-protected wallets.
8) Must not make assumptions about txin scriptSig form.
9) Must be possible to prove to third parties that payment was made in
   accordance to instructions without revealing any other information.
** Payment Reliability
Schemes for making payments by transmitting nonces to the recipient
through some other medium, such as Bitmessage, were discussed at the
Dark Wallet Hackathon. However using any medium but the blockchain
itself for the communication means that the reliability of the payment
getting to the recipient is less than that of a standard transaction.
For instance Bitmessage nodes only keep messages for two weeks. We
decided that anything less than reliable atomic transactions was
* Applying encryption to payments, simple explanation
Using Elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman (ECDH) we can generate a shared
secret that the payee can use to recover their funds. Let the payee have
keypair Q=dG. The payor generates nonce keypair P=eG and uses ECDH to
arrive at shared secret c=H(eQ)=H(dP). This secret could be used to
derive a ECC secret key, and from that a scriptPubKey, however that
would allow both payor and payee the ability to spend the funds. So
instead we use BIP32-style derivation to create Q'=(Q+c)G and associated
As for the nonce keypair, that is included in the transaction in an
additional zero-valued output:
    RETURN The payee recovers the funds by scanning the blockchain for candiate P's
in transactions, regenerating the scriptPubKey, and finally checking if
any txouts in the transactions match. Note the close similarity of this
technique to how the Bitmessage network functions - an initial
implementation of the idea will find the Bitmessage code a suitable
starting point.
* Trading off anonymity set size for decreased bandwidth/CPU
By taking advantage of prefix filters(3) we can choose a tradeoff
between anonymity set size and bandwidth/CPU usage if the payee
specifies that payments to them are to match some short prefix k. There
are a few possibilities for how the prefix is to the applied - the most
simple is if per-block indexes of scriptPubKeys are available:
    RETURN  Alternatively if per-block indexes of H(scriptPubKeys) are only
available the wallet software can grind the scriptPubKey with nonce i
until it matches the specified prefix:
    RETURN  Furthermore as symmetric ciphers are quite cheap we might as well hide
the purpose of the OP_RETURN txout and encrypt the pubkey P using H(Q)
as a symmetric key. This gives us a slightly larger anonymity set.
* Advantages of using a separate output
An alternative would be to either re-use a pubkey or signature nonce
value from a transaction input, saving about 45 bytes per txout. An
absolute minimum sized Bitcoin transaction is 166 bytes(4) so at best we
have a 27% savings in tx fees, and more typically around ~15%. (modulo
mass-payments from a single txin)
However using an explicit prunable OP_RETURN output to store the pubkey
rather than re-using one from a txin or txin signature has a number of
1) The txin's owned by the payor are not revealed to the payee. In fact,
   they could be held by a third-party who simply makes a transaction
   with the appropriate txouts on behalf of the payee.
2) Less information about the txouts is leaked. The statistical
   distribution of txouts remains unchanged - not possible in re-use
   schemes because they need to grind the payee scriptPubKey's for the
   sake of the prefix filters.
3) If required the nonce secret can be revealed to prove that a payment
   was made to a third-party, e.g. for dispute resolution.
* Bare CHECK(MULTI)SIG output alternative
An alternative with better efficiency could be to use bare
OP_CHECK(MULTI)SIG outputs to hold the nonce pubkey - generally a second
output is needed anyway for change. The most simple would be to use Jeff
Garzik's OP_DROP proposal(5) for the prefix:
   DROP n ... m CHECKMULTISIG
  or
   DROP  CHECKSIG
The payor pubkey is in the *change* txout, and the payee's ECDH-derived
pubkey in the other txout. By setting the prefix to be the same on both
txouts and using the same basic scriptPubKey form the relationship of
change and payment is still hidden; CoinJoin-using implementations can
adopt even more sophisticated approaches.
If IsStandard() rules remain the same and using OP_DROP is impractical,
we can also grind the change pubkey to match the prefix in a
deterministic manner so the wallet can still be recovered from a seed.
More costly, but maybe still acceptable for reasonably short prefixes.
Either way the result is transactions that are actually smaller and
cheaper than standard transactions, although without the advantage of
pushing scriptPubKey size payment to the receiver. (a pity we didn't
spend the extra time to adopt OP_EVAL)
A disadvantage is that revealing the nonce secret to prove a payment was
made is more problematic - either the txout needs to be spent first, or
we need a CHECKMULTISIG.
* Address format
To be decided. To support mulisig we probably want the ability to
specify n-of-m master pubkeys, using the nonce to generate derived ones.
For the single pubkey case the addresses will be a little longer than
standard Bitcoin addresses:
  s9KND3vfXjs3YqfZp86Acce3bM7Mhuptwh6mjeDnThsDei9Z2ZZcU
  vs.
  1LZn91ynrA6BCmoUKwnV3Ygk4FQMfPxLbg
1) ByteCoin, Untraceable transactions which can contain a secure message
   are inevitable, 2) Gregory Maxwell, Dark Wallet Certification discussions, also
   3) Peter Todd, [Bitcoin-development] Privacy and blockchain data,
   4) Bitcoin Wiki, Maximum transaction rate,
    5) Jeff Garzik, Add small-data OP_DROP transactions as standard
   transactions,

@_date: 2014-01-08 21:46:15
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Private Distributed Hash Tables 
I suppose RetroShare and GNUnet are similar in that they have 'Friend to
Friend' capabilities, but as we see in practice, they don't create
high-quality networks because there is no hierarchy of trust or
discoverability of new users - by default, users can't interact with
'friends-of-friends', which means that what should be "Private P2P"
networks degrade to "Group P2P" networks of only a few people. This
proposed system should be able to accommodate thousands of users while
still providing the aforementioned benefits.

@_date: 2014-01-08 19:58:01
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Private Distributed Hash Tables 
Far too much yap yap yappin' around here lately.. cpunks write code,
remember? Let's get back to business.
Here's an idea for a private, censorship-resistant communication/file
sharing system with integrated invitations and access control. I don't
think I've ever seen this before, but it's quite possible that people have
discussed this idea previously. Either way, I don't know of any
implementations yet.
The current P2P file sharing landscape is divided up into two spaces: 1)
private tracker communities (what.cd // Demonoid // etc) which provide high
quality network speeds and file quality through moderation, but which are
often subject to outages due to centralization, and 2) the single giant
BitTorrent 'peer exchange' distributed hash table, which provides universal
file access and fault-tolerance, but at the cost of abuse and surveillance
of those participating.
Ideally, we want a peer-to-peer community which is decentralized and
fault-tolerant, but with enough authority to maintain a high network
quality and private enough to avoid open surveillance.
Proposed Solution
It might be possible to combine the exclusivity and moderation of private
trackers with the fault-tolerance of distributed hash tables by having each
private table operate with a certificated-authority based public key
infrastructure. Essentially, to participate in the DHT, peers must
cryptographically prove that they have been invited to participate.
Power and trust flow down a through a concentric certificate web. A
client's authority in the network is a function of how far away from the
root authority they are (not dissimilar to Scientology's hierarchy.)
Clients should automatically respect commands coming from those higher up
the cert chain or from those closer to the root than they are, and should
listen to, but not automatically respect, commands from those lower down
the cert chain or from "lower-ranking" clients.
* Bootstrapping and Invitation
The very first user of the network will have to generate a root
certificate. He is then able to generate new signing certificates, which he
can give to new users of a network to allow them the ability to access the
network. These new users should be able to use their own certificates to do
the same for their own new users. (This could be done with certificate
signing requests coming from potential new users as well, but that might
come at the cost of a slightly more complicated user experience).
* Revocation
Bannings can be performed by issuing updates to a network-wide revocation
list. Clients will automatically respect revocations coming from superiors,
and may or may not choose to respect revocations coming from underlings.
* Implementation
Everything needed to create the heart of this should exist already in
Kademlia and OpenSSL. BitTorrent could serve as the basis for the
file-sharing application, but vanilla BitTorrent has a content discovery
problem, so I'd suggest that any implementations of BitTorrent on Private
Distributed Hash Tables should have some kind of discovery BEP included as
well, possibly one which uses the authority system of the PDHT to verify
files. There's also a possibility there for what you might call "trusted
amnesia" - the ability for a user with a high authority to publish verified
documents to the whole network without having to broadly expose themselves
as the source of the content by having peers in their same trust level sign
their content, forget the source, then increase the availability by one
access level.
Anyway, that's the sketch. Any thoughts?

@_date: 2014-01-13 04:21:36
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: your death pool becomes a honeypot because of poor tradecraft 
Haters sending anonymous death threats, did you even read the linked paper?
Or would you like to see another real world example of coin tumblers
Don't be so touchy!

@_date: 2014-01-13 00:53:14
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: your death pool becomes a honeypot because of poor tradecraft 
I think the whole 'coin laundry' thing is nonsense - security through
obscurity. Seems to me the only way to anonymously use BitCoin is to never
tie them to your actual identity whatsoever.
Has BitIodine been discussed on cpunks yet?

@_date: 2014-01-24 08:27:35
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: BitCloud 
Tor-like anonymity network, but backed by a new cryptocurrency in order to
pay for the relay bandwidth. It's a nice thought!
Meat: More logos of the 'loading' interface than actual code at this point, which
is certainly a bad sign, but people are at least enthusiastic about the
idea. As an approach to solving the autonomy problem, though, I think I'm
more interested in radios than new overlay networks..

@_date: 2014-01-27 18:16:02
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: BitInstant CEO / BTCKing Indicted for Money Laundering 
Does anybody have any more information about what constitutes "operating an
unlicensed money transmitting business"? Would my cloud-mining operation
count? Relevant: Oh, just in case anybody was wondering why Coinbase hasn't been touched..
they're snitches. FOIA pending:

@_date: 2014-01-27 17:17:04
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: TorMail completely compromised, FBI using accounts in unrelated investigations 
Bonus link for y'all. Hope you used PGP. Happy monday!
If You Used This Secure Webmail Site, the FBI Has Your Inbox
   - By Kevin Poulsen
   - 01.27.14
   - 6:30 AM
While investigating a hosting company known for sheltering child porn last
year the FBI incidentally seized the entire e-mail database of a popular
anonymous webmail service called TorMail.
Now the FBI is tapping that vast trove of e-mail in unrelated
The bureau's data windfall, seized from a company called Freedom Hosting,
surfaced in court papers last week when prosecutors indicted a Florida man
for allegedly selling counterfeit credit cards online. The filings show the
FBI built its case in part by executing a search warrant on a Gmail account
used by the counterfeiters, where they found that orders for forged cards
were being sent to a TorMail e-mail account: "platplus
Acting on that lead in September, the FBI obtained a search warrant for the
TorMail account, and then accessed it from the bureau's own copy of "data
and information from the TorMail e-mail server, including the content of
TorMail e-mail accounts," according to the
sworn out by U.S. Postal Inspector Eric Malecki.
The tactic suggests the FBI is adapting to the age of big-data with an
NSA-style collect-everything approach, gathering information into a virtual
lock box, and leaving it there until it can obtain specific authority to
tap it later. There's no indication that the FBI searched the trove for
incriminating evidence before getting a warrant. But now that it has a copy
of TorMail's servers, the bureau can execute endless search warrants on a
mail service that once boasted of being immune to spying.
"We have no information to give you or to respond to any subpoenas or court
orders," read TorMail's homepage. "Do not bother contacting us for
information on, or to view the contents of a TorMail user inbox, you will
be ignored."
In another e-mail case, the FBI last year won a court order compelling
secure e-mail provider Lavabit to turn over the master encryption
its website, which would have given agents the technical ability to
on all of Lavabit's 400,000 users - though the government said it was
interested only in one. (Rather than comply, Lavabit shut down and is
appealing the surveillance order).
TorMail was the webmail provider of choice for denizens of the so-called
Darknet  of anonymous and
encrypted websites and services, making the FBI's cache extraordinarily
valuable. The affair also sheds a little more light on the already-strange
story of the FBI's broad attack on Freedom Hosting, once a key service
provider for untraceable websites.
Freedom Hosting specialized in providing turnkey "Tor hidden service" sites

@_date: 2014-02-13 19:18:54
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Cryptocurrencies for Good: Revolutionizing Microdonations 
This is very ambitious! Not sure how well this will go over with the
BitCoin speculation crowd, but I could see something like this being merged
into the Doge mainline.
It did made me think about "Cryptocurrencies for Evil".. couldn't a system
like this be just as easily used to support nefarious causes as well?
For instance, it is already possible to support Al-Qaeda directly via
Bitcoin: *oh god please don't let me be on any more lists because of that link*
On Thu, Feb 13, 2014 at 10:07 AM, Odinn Cyberguerrilla <

@_date: 2014-02-12 01:51:33
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Snowden and Compilers 
GCC yes, but what about Visual Studio? The LLVM which ships with XCode?
Those are much jucier targets than say, Debian's GCC. If I worked at the
NSA, I'd make backdooring Visual Studio my 20% project.
If anybody with Snowden cache access who is reading this could do me a
quick favor and grep for 'compiler,' and then publish the output, I'd
really appreciate it.

@_date: 2014-02-11 19:32:54
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Snowden and Compilers 
In all of the Snowden docs that have been released so far, has anybody seen
any mention of any NSA programs designed to subvert compilers?
Compilers seems like an extremely prime target for manipulation, but as far
as I am aware there hasn't been anything mentioned about this yet. Has
anybody here heard anything that I haven't?

@_date: 2014-02-16 00:46:21
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Chaotic Times on the Dark Nets 
That's the kind of thinking I like! Something like this?
[ alpha.onion ]   \
[ beta.onion ] -----  [  [ tahoe1] [ tahoe2 ] .. [ tahoeN ]  ]
[ charlie.onion ]  /
Not sure if the entry points should also host Tahoe instances or if they
should just be gateways.
Super redundant, though! I guess the Tahoe <-> Tahoe connections would also
have to be Torified as well though, otherwise if one got compromised then
the rest would be exposed as well.

@_date: 2014-02-14 06:50:51
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Chaotic Times on the Dark Nets 
Rough week for the underground!
Utopia has been seized by the Dutch police, BMR forums got seized by the
Iranian police (anybody want to take any guesses at that one?), and now
Silk Road 2.0 has been owned/possibly scammed everybody. I guess TMP will
take the crown now, but for how long?
I'm honestly not optimistic about the continued operation of _any_ service
if Tor hidden service operators continue to operate in the manner
instructed by the Tor project. There just isn't enough redundancy, servers
need to be located in multiple regions simultaneously.
We shall see what the future holds.

@_date: 2014-02-25 02:49:27
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Gox 
Alleged leaked doc from inside Mt. Gox:
Nasty lookin', especially that assets and liabilities page! Although I
don't understand how the theft could affect their cold storage.
Soooooo.. who got burned?
Alleged leaked doc from inside Mt. Gox: Nasty lookin', especially that assets and liabilities page! Although I don't understand how the theft could affect their cold storage.Soooooo.. who got burned?R

@_date: 2014-03-10 22:51:18
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: DPL is closing 
Sad to see this go. Judging by some of the comments on /r/onions, I think
most of the community didn't quite get it, and saw your project as less of
a political tool and more like something akin to sports betting. Subtlety
is a dead art.
Now crowd funding is a main-stream thing, I think you have to look at other
successful crowd funded campaigns and platforms to see what works and what
doesn't. People are more likely to give to individual campaigns rather than
general causes, I think DPL may have been a bit too open-ended. I took a
stab at something similar but it never got very far off the ground, but
perhaps you'd want to talk about picking the pieces up? From my
side-project graveyard: Also.. does UnfriendlySolution
count as a charity?

@_date: 2014-03-08 00:39:12
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
sketchy PHP scripts, then it's not likely to get taken down or located.
I agree with your meaning, but not your conclusion. Sketchy PHP and idiot
sysadmins (and methylenedioxypyrovalerone) are certainly the primary reason
for the recent rash of high profile 0wnage which has been going on lately,
that doesn't mean that avoiding those problems will cover your ass in any
Given enough time, your hidden service can be deanonymized, as shown here:
As I stated in a previous thread, I think the key is likely to be to a)
redundancy and b) constant movement.

@_date: 2014-06-30 19:20:09
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Search History Skeptic 
The flip side of this is something we've been talking about doing for ages
- an alibi generator service. Give it your keys and accounts, it'll
generate a fake Google search for directions, create GPS coordinates of a
trip to the store, purchase a sandwich, then write a review for the
sandwich online, etc. etc. etc.. meanwhile, you're really hanging out at
your underground cryptography book club, snoops none the wiser.

@_date: 2014-06-23 17:06:08
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome down 
Cryptome and the mirror down again.
On Wed, Jun 11, 2014 at 11:46 PM, Christian Mayer

@_date: 2014-07-17 20:34:14
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: CPunks @ HOPE 
Any folks out there going to be in New York this weekend?
Say hi to the scruffy guy in the Death Grips shirt!
Any folks out there going to be in New York this weekend?Say hi to the scruffy guy in the Death Grips shirt!R

@_date: 2014-07-21 03:41:22
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: request for video and transcript - Fuckhackerfucks! An Audience Bashing 
I was kind of disappointed by it.. normally Johannes is very funny, but
this was just kind of rambling Marxist SJW stuff without much imperative or
self-awareness.. or maybe the coffee hadn't hit me yet..
On Sun, Jul 20, 2014 at 10:19 PM, Griffin Boyce

@_date: 2014-11-11 00:06:23
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Operation Onymous 
Interesting but unreported development: TheMarketPlace, aka "TMP", is now
also gone, although it haven't seen anything about it in any of the
government press releases. There is no seizure notice, it has simply
The interesting thing here is that TMP operated over I2P rather than Tor.
There was a Tor gateway, but I believe the hidden service still operated as
a proxy inlet to the eepsite. If it has been seized as part of Operation
Onymous, this would be the first time (that I've heard about) that law
enforcement has been able to disrupt services on the I2P network.
It's also quite possible that the operators simply got skittish and bailed.
I certainly wouldn't blame them.
Anyway, if anybody has any other information about LEO activities on I2P,
I'd love to know more.
(ps - is anybody out there actually interested in any of these marketplace
updates? If not, I'll stop, I'm basically just passing along news from
various subreddits anyway.)

@_date: 2014-11-06 21:13:53
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Operation Onymous 
Many DNMs seized today, 26 y/o SpaceX engineer arrested in San Francisco,
raids in Ireland,
SR2.0, Hydra and Cloud 9 are all display seized notices. TMP and Agora are
still up.
Here's the criminal complaint:
Full of all kinds of operational fuckuppery on all fronts. Sounds like
they've got more in the pipeline too..

@_date: 2015-01-13 04:29:26
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: USCENTCOM Social Accounts Hacked 
Screenies:  Honestly, the "i love you isis"
makes me think this is just a kid hanving a laugh..
Screenies:  Honestly, the "i love you isis" makes me think this is just a kid hanving a laugh..

@_date: 2015-01-12 19:28:26
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: USCENTCOM Social Accounts Hacked 
Not sure if anybody else here has been paying attention to the incredibly
weird USCENTCOM social media accounts, but they both just got taken over by
ISIS supporters:
(both now suspended). Likely connected to the (now also suspended)
Now how will CENTCOM selectively release war footage to the public? This
was the only public-facing source of direct footage of the current bombing
campaign I knew about and now it's gone. I guess we're just going to be
kept completely in the dark now if they don't bring the account back online.
ps - if anybody has a few spare bucks, I've got an outstanding related FOIA
that needs payment:

@_date: 2015-07-23 05:49:29
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: HORNET: High-speed Onion Routing at the Network Layer 
No PoC published yet, but interesting work on a new high speed router based
anonymity network.
"We present HORNET, a system that enables high-speed end-to-end anonymous
channels by leveraging next generation network archi-tectures. HORNET is
designed as a low-latency onion routing system that operates at the network
layer thus enabling a wide ra nge of applications. Our system uses only
symmetric cryptography for data forwarding yet requires no per-flow state
on intermediate nodes. This design enables HORNET nodes to process
anonymous traffic at over 93 Gb/s. HORNET can also scale as required,
adding minimal processing overhead per additional anonymous channel. We
discuss design and implementation details, as well as a performance and
security evaluation."
Another subtle but slightly interesting tweak to the threat model in
post-Snowden anonymity papers - increased difficultly of upholding a global
political conspiracy is now explicitly mentioned as layer of defense (7.3).

@_date: 2015-07-22 16:23:02
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Internet Scale Forensic Traffic Correlation 
Have we seen any evidence of the ability of the NSA/FIVEEYES to do internet
or national scale retroactive traffic correlation? Not just for Tor exit
nodes, but for any arbitrary connection.
For instance, if I upload a 64.32Kb exploit to a server, and they know
forensically that the exploit arrived at 12:01:01PM, do they have the
capability to see all connections, internet-wide, which sent ~64.32Kb of
data within the previous, say, ~500-2000ms? (A useful capability for
anybody trying van paedos behind 7 proxies, but bad news for hackers,
junkies and other weirdos.)
Technical details around this capability would be very useful for designing
high-latency and chaff-based anonymity tools. Ex, a global chaff network to
cover a given byte-size range, steganographic proxies, etc.
Another one to add to the list of "if you happen to have access access to
the Snowden cache, please set this information free" requests (along with
any info compiler backdoors, KH-13, operating system backdoors, transit
cards, cryptocurrencies, burners, advertising industry partners, Oracle,
Narus, etc etc etc..).
Pretty please, massa Greenwald?

@_date: 2015-09-07 20:48:28
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Script Kiddie Killed in Drone Strike 
Update to this: ISIS Twitter claiming this was the result of backdoors the '
"secure" messaging application.

@_date: 2015-09-10 01:08:09
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Hostages for Sale on Telegram 
More for the ISIS-loves-"Secure"-Messaging-Apps folder:
"Dabiq 11 released by terror group ISIS. At the end it notes 2 new foreign
hostages; 1 Chinese and other Norweigan."
Click through for pictures and Telegram number.

@_date: 2015-10-22 20:25:32
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: State of the art in malware owning human? 
Where in the stack are you attacking?
For behavior, consult old Phracks on neuro-lingustic programming. A brush
of the hair, a touch of the elbow, anything that builds rapport and makes
the mirror neurons light up. Simple tricks used by street magicians and
con-artists - script kiddies of the mind. Only works against soft targets.
Below behavior, ideology. Surprised to see religion and states listed here
- both applications consuming the API of currency. Have enough money - or
appear to - and anything can be leveraged. Belief in the value of currency
is universal. Riyals, dollars, euros, bitcoin, shiny rocks and gems, common
stock, Yazidi slaves, it doesn't matter - given the right amount of the
right commodity, you can get what you want. Even easier if it's not real -
counterfeit bills, gold paint, or better yet fake commas on a screen.
Transfer complete, here is your passphrase.
Below ideology, biology. Dopamine pathways can be trained to respond to
stimuli without ever leaving kernelspace. Salt, fat, cum, phenethylamines,
sucrose. With the right amount of give and take, control is as easy as
ringing a bell.
And if your target is an asexual billionaire vegan with a TA-CD vaccination?
The answer is simple - scopolamine and DMSO.

@_date: 2015-10-19 18:08:54
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: WikiLeaks Hosts Cryptome with Search 
Is this completely unsanctioned? Do you have any knowledge about the
architecture of their mirroring system?

@_date: 2015-10-30 20:19:59
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: Amish man sues government to buy firearm without photo ID 
Not in the US. Yoshitomo Imura is currently in Japanese prison for a
designing and 3D printing a revolver.
Things in the "defcad" space have advanced quite a lot since the Liberator,
by the way:
