
@_date: 2007-06-16 17:47:25
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: RSA 1024 ridiculous 
Hash: SHA256
I'll get back to this bit in a moment.  ;)
Not necessarily.  There's certainly a strong argument to be made for  moving to RSA-2048, but just because something is susceptible to an  attack involving an enormous amount of horsepower doesn't mean that  it's useless.  As an example, you apparently have no objection to  signing with SHA1, despite the fact it's subject to an attack  requiring a work factor of about 2**63... which is in the same  ballpark as factoring RSA-1024.
If it takes over a CPU-century of number crunching and  extraordinarily special mathematical properties to be able to break  RSA-1024, then I think the RSA-1024 keys I use for secure SMTP are  just fine.  Likewise, credit card transactions secured by RSA-1024  SSL certs are probably just fine for now; there are far, _far_ easier  ways to get credit card numbers than to rent a year of supercomputing  time just to get the key to _one_ web site.
We should be migrating to RSA-2048, sure.  Just like we should be  migrating to SHA256.  But it's not the case that RSA-1024 is  'ridiculous' or the OpenPGP card is 'a joke'.

@_date: 2013-11-18 11:30:47
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] BitMail.sf.net v 0.6 - Secure Encrypting Email Client 
Well, yes and no.  Provably-correct software is still a very hot thing
in engineering, particularly in life-critical applications like avionics
or nuclear reactor control software.  The Ada programming language has a
couple of variants -- SPARK and its descendants -- that support provable
The problem with provably correct code is that it only proves the code
correctly implements the specification.  It doesn't prove the
specification completely encapsulates the problem...
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-18 05:21:14
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] BitMail.sf.net v 0.6 - Secure Encrypting Email Client 
In fact, it goes even deeper than that: many architectures allow their
processor to dynamically reorganize and/or modify the code being
executed.  (Out-of-order execution is one example of this.)  So even if
you're running two binaries that are completely identical, the CPU may
process them quite differently depending on the state of the system.
This has some extraordinary implications for those who are trying to
guarantee their CPU is operating exactly the same as another CPU!
Every couple of years I look at this problem, read a couple of papers,
and walk away muttering about now is a great time to start drinking
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-15 17:06:22
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] BitMail.sf.net v 0.6 - Secure Encrypting Email Client 
For a service that's "out of vogue" they still host an awful lot of  Free Software, and for that I think perhaps we should be a bit  thankful.  Their bundling is distasteful, yes, but it's hardly the end  of the world given they've only done it with the explicit permission  of the projects involved.  Let's keep a sense of perspective and  remember this is GnuPG-Users, not a Sourceforge list.
Whenever I hear someone say what another developer 'should' do, I  always mentally substitute 'I want this developer to...' instead.   That seems quite a lot more honest.
That said, there are two major problems with this demand:
     * The 'Robert' who asked about BitMail never
       claimed to be the author and may not have
       the legal right to host the binaries
     * GitHub hasn't allowed projects to host
       binary files in well over a year.
So yes, there are good legal and technical reasons why your demand  cannot be complied with.
Goes against current US-CERT guidance, which deprecates MD5 for all  purposes.  The newer SHAs are the way to go.  Further, getting two  computers to generate the exact same binary code from the exact same  source code is a surprisingly difficult challenge.  It requires a  perfect match of everything from compiler versions to C library  versions right down to identical *clocks* -- because often, compilers  will incorporate timestamps into the output.
Doing checksum validation of source code is feasible.  Of binary code,  not really.
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-15 16:53:07
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] BitMail.sf.net v 0.6 - Secure Encrypting Email Client 
FBI, actually, in counterintelligence.  No, wait, whoops, wrong Robert  Hanssen.  Sorry, I get confused about myself sometimes.
All kidding aside, we don't need to cast aspersions on the motives of  people who post here.  It is far, far more likely that someone is  innocently unwise about something than that someone is being  deliberately malicious.
And this is, frankly, just paranoia.  New and unknown yet seemingly  polished tools have *always* been dropped on the computing community.   Always.  I remember a really neatly polished Mac OS file encryption  program that conveniently put the decryption key as plaintext in the  first few bytes of the output.
Making a beautiful-looking user interface is easy.  Making rock-solid  crypto is hard.  Those two facts by themselves mean there will always  be an abundance of beautiful-looking bad systems, and always a  shortage of primitive-looking solid systems.
Let's remember that this list is a community.  Let's not malign other  people's motives, and let's keep a sense of perspective about things,  okay?  :)
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-06 22:17:49
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: BitMail.sf.net v 0.6 - Secure Encrypting Email Client 
I would suggest figuring out very precisely what you intend by  "secure."  Once you have that definition, look at the BitMail project  and see if their notion of "secure" has a lot in common with your  notion.  If they do, then it's time to take a look at the design of  BitMail and its implementation.  Look for areas where they do not  closely follow their definition of 'security'.  Every nontrivial  program has some of these areas.
Once you have a good idea of how BitMail works, then it will be time  to learn from their mistakes.  In the process you will undoubtedly  make mistakes of your own.  Don't be disheartened: the only hackers  who have not made completely humiliating errors are ones who have not  been programming long.  The trick is to never make the same one twice.    :)
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2017-02-24 02:49:46
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 collision found 
You kidding me?  MD5 hashes are still the standard tool of computer
forensics.  It's appalling.  The reasons why are fascinating, though:
it's largely for judicial reasons, not technical ones.
It took a lot of work to get courts to accept MD5 as a hash algorithm,
but now it's the judicially-approved standard.  So if you're a forensics
nerd who talks about how we need to migrate to SHA256, you can expect
every prosecutor to roll their eyes and say, "not this thing again!"
If you say that MD5 is no longer trusted as a hash, suddenly they get
downright panicked.  "Hush!  Do you want every previous case in which we
used MD5 to certify evidence hadn't been tampered with to come into
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2017-02-23 20:00:05
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: RE: SHA1 collision found 
(I originally sent this off-list by mistake.  Peter was kind enough to respond off-list and to suggest we take it back on-list.  This email is a distillation of three different emails: my original, Peter's response, and a response to Peter.)
To which I said, "Create two keys with the same fingerprint.  Sign a contract with one, then renege on the deal.  When you get called into court, say "I never signed that, Your Honor!" and present the second key.  This collision pretty much shatters the nonrepudiability of SHA-1 signatures."
To which Peter quite reasonably answered that the other person has a copy of the public key which was used to sign the document originally.  Why should the fraudster's denial be believed?
The answer is that to enforce a contract (at least here in the United States) you must be able to prove, based on a preponderance of the evidence, that the other person entered into a contract with you.  So imagine this conversation:
PLAINTIFF: "Your Honor, the defendant reneged on a $10,000 contract.  Make him pay up."
DEFENDANT: "I never signed anything, Your Honor."
PLAINTIFF: "I have his key, it's right here."
DEFENDANT: "That's not my key.  This is my key."
PLAINTIFF: "Of course that's what he claims!  They have the same SHA-1 fingerprint!  He did that in order to deny his signature!"
JUDGE: "So these keys are uniquely identified by the fingerprint?"
(both parties agree)
JUDGE: "And you have two keys that are identified by the same fingerprint?"
(both parties agree)
JUDGE: "And there's no way to tell which key is real?"
(both parties agree)
JUDGE: "Then we're stuck.  There's no reason to prefer one key over another.  Plaintiff, you have failed your burden of proof in establishing the defendant signed the contract."
Now, you could establish proof some other way: let's say you made a videotape of the defendant signing the document.  If you could introduce other supporting evidence (which might include other signatures on keys) you might be able to convince the judge the signature is enforceable.  But there's nothing intrinsic to the signature itself which could convince the judge.
So Peter is completely right to say "but there's no reason to believe one person over the other."  Completely, absolutely right.  But the person asking the court to enforce a contract must present a reason to believe them over the defendant.
I hope this clarifies my answer!
(Peter also rightly remarked that he thought nonrepudiability in OpenPGP was kind of iffy anyway.  He and I are in complete agreement on this.  OpenPGP has always had very iffy nonrepudiability.  With this SHA-1 attack, I feel the threshold has been crossed and we need to consider it repudiable.)
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2017-02-23 18:58:06
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: RE: SHA1 collision found 
SHA-1 is broken *for some purposes*.  That's scary enough, trust me.  Let's
not overstate things.
For the last ten years I've been saying, "The smoke alarm has gone off and
we think there's a fire.  There's no danger to anyone right now, but we need
to move to the exits in an orderly fashion.  Start migrating away from SHA-1
right now, so that when the collisions happen you've already been using
SHA256 for years."
Today we've seen the fire.  It's not surprising.  We knew this was coming,
we just didn't know when.  If you're still using SHA-1, you probably need to
begin migrating *right now* before the fire gets worse.  If you don't know
how, ask on this list and we'll help you.  But don't panic: we can help.
A question for the list: should we put a "Migrating to SHA256" section in
the FAQ?
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2019-06-30 12:44:43
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
A nation-state with a professional intelligence service probably isn't
very interested in taking down the keyserver network.  Why should they
take down something that's not a big priority for them, especially if
it'll cost them a lot of international goodwill if it gets attributed to
This has all the hallmarks of a child playing with matches and clapping
with glee as the house catches fire.
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2019-06-30 09:37:02
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
It's pretty unreasonable to think a piece of software from 2003, meant
as a drop-in replacement for software written in 1993, would implement a
feature that first appeared in GnuPG around 2013.[1]
If your next question is, "well, why doesn't SKS get modernized?", the
answer is "with what personnel and what budget?"  SKS doesn't even have
a maintainer, for God's sake.
[1] That "around 2013" is a guess: I don't know off the top of my head
when that was first added to GnuPG.
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2019-06-30 08:37:14
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
(I am certain Andrew has already considered this: I am making explicit
what I think Andrew considered to be implicit.)
The obvious choice there is hkps://keys.openpgp.org.  The problem there
is keys.openpgp.org is not a drop-in replacement for SKS, and there's a
tremendous chance of breaking workflows in unpredictable places.
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2019-06-30 08:19:19
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
(I am sputteringly angry over this entire thing: please understand this
and give a charitable read to what I write.  I appreciate it.)
Hard to say.
One of the big problems we have is the size of the existing codebase.
Once people have GnuPG installed people overwhelmingly like to leave it
alone.  We still get people coming onto this list asking for support
with GnuPG *1.2*.  So for these installations, these "we're going to
install it and forget it"s?
They're screwed.  Sooner or later they'll import a poisoned certificate,
GnuPG will get wedged, and it will appear as if GnuPG just stopped
working.  It might happen tomorrow or it might happen in five years.  We
don't know, but it will happen.
There are other groups that run human networks in dangerous places.
(There are many of them: Medicins Sans Frontiers, Reuters, and more.)
The people who are running around Syria treating casualties or doing
political news reporting from Gaza are overwhelmingly not computer
nerds.  They know they're supposed to run "gpg --refresh-keys" from time
to time to get the latest revocations.  They do it this time, and GnuPG
breaks horribly.  Odds are good they'll say "sod this, I can't trust
this crap" and throw it away.
There are a ton of tiny little poorly-maintained systems in
out-of-the-way places that get completely overlooked until things break.
 Those, too, have good odds of getting wedged the first time they
encounter a poisoned certificate.
The next version of Enigmail will no longer use the SKS network by
default.  Great!  But what about existing Enigmail users?  They'll see a
signature, click "Import Key", and ... bam.  They're likely not going to
think that someone's performing a malicious attack by poisoning
certificates: they're going to think "this is crap" and walk away.
Right now only three certificates are known to be affected: mine, dkg's,
and Kristian's.  I expect that number to rise, either due to the
original jerk figuring this is fun, or due to copycats getting in on the
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2019-06-30 06:26:55
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
I stand by what I wrote.
As usual, don't read the comments unless you want to despair for humanity.
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2019-07-01 09:54:26
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
Thankfully we live in free societies where dissent is allowed: on good
days, even tolerated and encouraged.  You're wrong, of course, but
please understand I encourage you to be wrong.  :)
Also, if it isn't clear: although I emphatically disagree with you, this
is not a personal dispute.  I plan on turning your idea into a pinata,
but on a personal level as far as I'm concerned there's nothing but
peace between us.
No.  No.  No.  I have not said that.  In the last ten years the
sks-devel community has explored pretty thoroughly the
problem space and concluded it cannot be solved at the SKS level, given
the community's level of manpower and funding.
That's not "nothing".  That's a very important result and it is
literally the most the sks-devel community can be asked or expected to
do, given their critical shortages of money and manpower.
In a very real sense, WKD, Autocrypt, Hagrid, dkg's work in
abuse-resistant keyservers, and so forth, all sprang from the sks-devel
community's recognition of the problem and the inability of SKS to
effectively fix it.  If SKS were in better shape it's likely none of
those projects would have ever started.
There is a line of thinking which I find to be morally appalling, and
you describe it quite clearly in your footnote:
If the sks-devel community has repeatedly made it clear over the course
of a decade that "we lack both the manpower and the financial resources
to fix this problem", never receives manpower or financial resources,
and then ten years later this happens... our reward is to be
victim-blamed?  "If you were really serious you would've done something
by now"?
It's like telling a doctor in the developing world who has for ten years
been screaming that she needs polio vaccine, after a polio epidemic
starts in her neighborhood, "the poverty is in effect a societal excuse,
not a legitimate reason for lack of action"?
It takes stuff to do stuff, and it's really rude to blame the victims
for problems they inherited but did not create.
Three now, since apparently Kristian has been hit.
At a tremendous price.  A price that I, and many others, think is
morally appalling.  These people are not our friends and have done us no
I seem to recall people saying the same after 9/11: that yes it was a
horrific thing, but that "good can come of this tragedy".
I seem to recall people saying the same after my best friend's suicide:
that yes it was a horrific thing, but that "good can come of this tragedy".
It is the nature of goodness that, like hope, it springs eternal and in
the most unlikely of places.  But it is also barbarous to claim the good
that may come out of a horror should be counted to the horror's credit.
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2019-07-01 02:48:01
@_author: "Robert J. Hansen" 
@_subject: Re: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
Eh.  Yes.  No.  Hard to say.  The problem is that many of these distros
allow third parties to run their own repositories under more permissive
rules, and some of these third parties are extremely popular.  Plus,
often sysadmins will roll their own RPMs of packages: in such cases you
quickly lose the ability to say definitively what will or will not happen.
If the major distros update their distro signing certificates through
signed packages, great: that's good.  But don't go thinking that means
you're out of the woods.
Whenever anyone gives you concrete yes-or-no, this will-or-won't happen
answers about a complicated ecosystem that has a ton of hidden bits that
can't be seen, that person most likely has misunderstood the problem.
Gnupg-users mailing list
