
@_date: 2001-09-16 06:50:21
@_author: Roeland Meyer 
@_subject: RE: On Internet and social responsibility 
You are arguing morality in a legal context. Don't you know that those two
have *nothing* to do with each other?
Impartiality was never claimed.
In that, you are dangerously wrong. Go ahead and sell a Sun e10K, with SSH
source, into China. Let me know when they let you out of jail (never). Try
to ftp ssh sources into Libya, but before you do, let me know where to send
the flowers. Try to do *any* business with Iraq, tell me how large NSA goons
come these days.
This is not freedom of speech issue, it is a economic embargo issue. The
Federal government has the constitutional right to control foreign trade.
That's black letter law. That is, trade between US citizens and other
countries. Just what do you think NAFTA was all about, piddeling in the Rio
Grande? Try importing a shipful of cocaine. Try selling a case of 9mm  hand guns, outside the country.
IANAL = I Am Not A Lawyer. Before taking legal action based on anything I
say or write, you are strongly encouraged to seek the advice of an attorney.

@_date: 2001-09-15 17:47:30
@_author: Roeland Meyer 
@_subject: RE: On Internet and social responsibility 
Actually, John Barryhill, on the /ICANN/DNSO/GA list, pointed out that there
are a few domain registrations where the registrar accepted registration
from denizens of the "proscribed countries" list. That registrar,
"Register.Com" in this case, is technically in violation of the law. My
guess is that, they never checked the law, or that list, in the first place.
As US companies, there are certain individuals and countries that we are not
allowed to do business with. Until now, the high-tech community has taken
those laws too lightly. We shouldn't have residents of Libya, for example,
on our client/customer list at all. Routing traffic to those countries
shouldn't be an issue either. It simply shouldn't be done, by a US-based
company. These proscription lists have been around for over 10 years. How
many of us are violating it without knowlege? BTW, all of us that have our
corporate charters from any part of the US are effected by this. Willful
violations can carry some severe penalties.
Actually, they don't. The law says so. Personally, I have no problems with
US State telling me I can't do business with terrorists. Do you? I actually
think that it's nice that US State is willing to identify, with
verification, terrorist supporting countries, so that I can chose to avoid
doing business with them. It helps a lot when I can point to a US gov
directive prohibiting me from doing business with them. They can't sue me
for discriminatory practices because I'm following the law. On the
flip-side, those of you that have such undiscovered liabilities can exepect
to hear from our government sometime. It is time to weed through the customer/client lists folks.
IANAL = I Am Not A Lawyer. Before taking legal action based on anything I
do, say, or write, you are strongly encouraged to seek the advice of an
attorney. R O E L A N D  M J  M E Y E R
Managing Director
Morgan Hill Software Company
tel: +1 925 373 3954
cel: +1 925 352 3615
fax: +1 925 373 9781
