
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:34:36
@_author: Roy Badami 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
My first thought was likewise.  In the case where the phone needs
Internet connectivity anyway, why not include an HTTPS URL in a BIP 72 URL?
I'm assuming that every client will have to support this is any case,
since it's effectively mandated by the BIP, so why add another mode of
However, PaymentRequest-over-QR-code does seem to me to have one
rather attractive advantage: the authentication model is orders of
magnitude simpler and more intuitive for a face-to-face transaction
than anything else.  You're saying "pay the coins to that thing over
there displaying that QR code".  Which, most of the time, is exactly
what you want.
In the web case, it's fine to ignore the case where the URL domain has
been subverted (and an cert obtained by the attacker) because in that
case you've lost before you even get to payments (MitM attacker shows
you a modified web page with different payment details).  But the
face-to-face case isn't intrinsically dependent on SSL security, and
it's nice not to introduce that attack vector...

@_date: 2014-03-26 22:48:26
@_author: Roy Badami 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
The actual example I was thinking of is that of traditional British
pubs.  Often a company will own several pubs - however the pubs
themselves will typically have individual traditional pub names.  The
name of the company might not be at all prominently advertised in the
Traders at music festivals are another example that comes to mind (they
often accept credit cards if they sell higher value items so why not
Bitcoin?)  In this example there often are no clearly advertised
business names - at least, that the customer will be aware of.

@_date: 2014-03-20 21:52:08
@_author: Roy Badami 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] Payment Protocol for Face-to-face Payments 
I'm not sure if this what you're getting at, but in a common
face-to-face scenario, it really doesn't overlap so much (in that the
PKI in BIP70 isn't really helpful).
It's not unusual, in a face-to-face transaction at a bricks-and-mortar
establishment, that you know neither the legal name of the entity
running the establishment, nor any electronic identifier (domain name,
email address) that might be presented to you in an X.509 certificate,
even if such a certificate is presented in the PaymentRequest.
In many cases I want/need to simply be assured that I am paying "the
person/organisation which operates that machine behind the counter,
right there".
In many ways I'll miss the simplicity of BIP21 QR codes for
face-to-face transactions - because in this use case the payment
protocol complicates (and in many cases weakens) the assurance that
you really are paying the entity that prepared the QR code.
