
@_date: 2013-09-06 18:01:46
@_author: Royce Williams 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
[good reasons snipped]
Ah, I should have been more clear.  I'm definitely not proposing that
the private sector could succeed in such an arms race, for exactly the
two reasons that you accurately laid out: the government has vastly
greater resources, and they have the law. (And I would add a third:
they have a valid mission to accomplish).
I intended the "technical choice" idea to be more broad.  I'm no
crypto guy, but of the work happening in this space, it seems that
there are a lot of people working on the problem of "how do we keep
everyone else out?", and a lot of other people are working on "how do
we get in?"  And recently, a lot more folks are working on "how can we
quickly tell that they got in?"  But it doesn't seem to me that very
many people are working (at a technical level) on the hard problem of
"how do we simultaneously enable lawful intercept, and verifiably
preserve privacy?"
There seems to be an intractable conflict between freedom and
surveillance.  But if we set aside that assumption, we might discover
technical approaches to support both.  The politics might change if
the politicians didn't have to choose one or the other.
Pipe dream?  Certainly.  But escaping assumptions is where
breakthroughs are made.

@_date: 2013-09-06 16:02:44
@_author: Royce Williams 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
Er ... I forgot to include the part of the Ellsberg quote that was
most relevant to the discussion, with the last sentence here being the
icing on the cake:
"You will deal with a person who doesn't have those clearances only
from the point of view of what you want him to believe and what
impression you want him to go away with, since you'll have to lie
carefully to him about what you know. In effect, you will have to
manipulate him. You'll give up trying to assess what he has to say.
The danger is, you'll become something like a moron. You'll become
incapable of learning from most people in the world, no matter how
much experience they may have in their particular areas that may be
much greater than yours."
In other words: the very politicians with the clearances necessary to
strike the best balance are the ones that we cannot expect to hear us,
even in our areas of expertise.
Security engineering must take this fact as a constraint.

@_date: 2013-09-06 14:55:39
@_author: Royce Williams 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
appoint the NSA director.  Vote them out if you don't like how they run
things.  Do you think a President wants to maintain power?  Of course they
do and they will change a policy that will get them tossed out (if enough
people actually care).
gathering.  They also have the power to impeach and/or prosecute the
executive branch for misdeeds.  They will pass any law or do whatever it
takes to keep themselves in power.  Again this requires a lot of public
Historically speaking, I'm not convinced that a pure political solution
will ever work, other than on the surface.  The need for surveillance
transcends both administrations and political parties.  Once the newly
elected are presented with the intel available at that level, even their
approach to handling the flow of information and their social interaction
have to change in order to function.
Daniel Ellsberg's attempt to explain this to Kissinger is insightful.  It's
a pretty quick read, with many layers of important observations. (It's
Mother Jones, but this content is apolitical):
I think that Schneier's got it right.  The solution has to be both
technical and political, and must optimize for two functions: catch the bad
guys, while protecting the rights of the good guys.
When the time comes for the political choices to be made, the good
technical choices must be the only ones available.
Security engineering must pave the way to the high road -- so that it's the
only road to get there.
