
@_date: 2002-06-25 05:06:26
@_author: OTC: WPCT 
@_subject: ADV   OTCBB:WPCT A COMPANY ON THE RISE 
Untitled Document
 Market Advisory
 Current Topic- WesPac Technologies Corp (OTC:
    WPCT)
     WesPac Technologies Corp.
 (OTC: WPCT)
     Shares Outstanding
 10,500,000 est.
     Shares Float
 4,300,000 est.
     Current Price
 $0.08-0.09
 Why WPCT?
Our thoughts:
For years investment strategists have been telling people
    to diversify and for us that philosophy also holds true for companies
    with successful business models. This is why we decided to look
    for an organization that appeared hot on the acquisition trail.
    Managed effectively, this model vastly helps to improve cash
    flow and increase top and bottom line growth via diversification.
    In doing this we came across a company whose primary strategy
    has been to acquire energy related assets such as Oil and
    Gas properties, Fuel Cell Technology and Bio-Solid Waste Management
    Technology.
In other words we came across a company that we call a sleeper,
    meaning it is not that well known amongst the general public
    but will be soon enough. That company’s name is WesPac Technologies
    which is headquartered in Dallas, Texas and headed up by President
    Terrence A. Tecco. Mr. Tecco has been the key element to
    many successful joint ventures and mergers in the oil and gas
    industry. His right hand man, Vice President David Tettleton,
    has a 35 year solid record of success in exploration, operations,
    management and has worked with some heavy hitters such as the
    likes of Exxon USA and Campbell Energy Corporation.
 Insight into
    WesPac
Due to the Middle East’s current environment and
    the world for that matter, industry leaders have been working
    hard at trying to find other sources and places from which they
    can extract more fuel rather than having to rely on certain regions
    and people of the world. WesPac is one of those leaders.
    Currently WesPac has been acquiring numerous smaller wells from
    companies that cannot capture the full potential of their production
    due to costly ineffective recovery methods. WesPac is then able
    to purchase wells under market value, increase output of oil
    and gas several times the normal output, thus turning it into
    a profitable operation. The company is also looking to acquire
    additional oil and gas properties in West Texas, South Louisiana,
    Pennsylvania and New York. WesPac’s objective will be to
    focus on domestic and U. S. reserves but will consider involvement
    in viable foreign markets.
 WesPac Market Strategy
As environmental concerns continue to grow, WesPac
    has begun to focus much of its attention on alternative energy
    technologies such as fuel cells. On April 4th, 2002, WesPac
    Technologies Corp. entered into a joint venture with Tuaoi-Two
    Communications involving the Solid State Turbo-Hybrid Fuel Cell
    Technology (SOFC). The SOFC program aims to develop commercial
    electricity generation products that provide high energy conversion
    efficiencies, greatly reduced greenhouse emissions, lower power
    generation noise levels and competitive electricity costs. System
    studies to date indicate that fuel cell/turbine hybrids could
    realize 25 percent increase in efficiency and 25 percent reduction
    in cost for a comparably sized fuel cell. WesPac’s goal
    is to develop solid oxide fuel cell products that will enable
    customers to generate electricity on their own premises, using
    natural gas and oil as the fuel source. The on-site power generation
    paradigm is gaining increasing attention throughout the world,
    particularly in the USA, and developing Latin American countries.
    Market assessment studies indicate a major global market for
    this type of product.  Advisory Conclusion
In a recent development, the first Waste Management
    Plant that WesPac Technologies Corp. has been currently working
    to acquire, has now been approved for the processing of human
    and animal waste, passing requirements with the EPA, DEP and
    the NPDES. The process converts the animal and human waste
    into a viable and in-demand organic fertilizer, when mixed with
    the proprietary co-products. The animal and bio-solid waste conversion
    to organic fertilizer exceeds the EPA mantra of REDUCE, REUSE,
    RECYCLE, and RETURN to the EARTH. This environmental and
    ecologically friendly process uses no hazardous or toxic chemicals.
    Unlike traditional lime based processes, this technology is true
    waste recycling. The final product which is in a dry gray granular
    form, can be fully utilized as it is nutrious, organic material,
    ideal for soil conditioning and agronomic filling. Furthermore,
    WesPac intends to expand this proprietary technology throughout
    regions of the United States. Once again the company has
    focused on environmental concerns while incorporating a business
    model which will allow them to take full advantage while increasing
    current market share and helping to significantly improve the
    bottom line.
Due to the company’s strong management team, it’s
    diversification strategy and keen sense for knowing what businesses
    will prove to be most profitable due to the worlds current state
    of affairs, we believe WesPac is clearly on the right track
    to becoming a true global leader!
Market Advisory News provides
    information on selected companies that it believes has investment
    potential. Market Advisory News is not a registered investment
    advisor or broker - dealer. This report is provided as an information
    service only, and the statements and opinions in this report
    should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or
    sell any security. Market Advisory News accepts no liability
    for any loss arising from an investors reliance on or use of
    this report. An investment in WPCT is considered to be highly
    speculative and should not be considered unless a person can
    afford a complete loss of investment. Market Advisory News has
    been retained to distribute this report on WPCT and has been
    paid 200k free trading shares by a third party. This report involves
    forward looking statements, which involve risk, and uncertainties
    that may cause actual results to differ materially from those
    set forth in the forward - looking statements. For further details
    concerning these risks and uncertainties, see the SEC filings
    of WPCT including the companys most recent annual and quarterly
    reports.
   If you wish to
    unsubscribe from our mailing list, please Click
    Here or call us at 1-866-667-5399,
    or write to us at: NOUNCE1, 6822 22nd Ave. N, St. Petersburg,
    FL 33710-3918
