
@_date: 2001-09-21 16:19:05
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: an interesting read 
I'm not sure I agree with it, and it's probably all been said before,
but I thought some might like reading this.
Recently, I was asked to look at the recent events through the lens of
military history.  I have joined the cast of thousands who have written an
"open letter to Americans."
Dear friends and fellow Americans                 14 September, 2001
Like everyone else in this great country, I am reeling from last week's
attack on our sovereignty. But unlike some, I am not reeling from surprise.
 As a career soldier and a student and teacher of military history, I have
a different perspective and I think you should hear it. This war will be
won or lost by the American citizens, not diplomats, politicians or
Let me briefly explain.
In spite of what the media, and even our own government is telling us, this
act was not committed by a group of mentally deranged fanatics. To dismiss
them as such would be among the gravest of mistakes. This attack was
committed by a ferocious, intelligent and dedicated adversary. Don't take
this the wrong way. I don't admire these men and I deplore their tactics,
but I respect their capabilities. The many parallels that have been made
with the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor are apropos. Not only because it
was a brilliant sneak attack against a complacent America, but also because
we may well be pulling our new adversaries out of caves 30 years after we
think this war is over, just like my father's generation had to do with the
formidable Japanese in the years following WW II.
These men hate the United States with all of their being, and we must not
underestimate the power of their moral commitment. Napoleon, perhaps the
world's greatest combination of soldier and statesman, stated "the moral is
to the physical as three is to one." Patton thought the Frenchman
underestimated its importance and said moral conviction was five times more
important in battle than physical strength. Our enemies are willing -
better said anxious-to give their lives for their cause.
How committed are we America? And for how long?
In addition to demonstrating great moral conviction, the recent attack
demonstrated a mastery of some of the basic fundamentals of warfare taught
to most military officers worldwide, namely simplicity, security and
surprise. When I first heard rumors that some of these men may have been
trained at our own Air War College, it made perfect sense to me. This was
not a random act of violence, and we can expect the same sort of military
competence to be displayed in the battle to come.
This war will escalate, with a good portion of it happening right here in
the good ol' U.S. of A.
These men will not go easily into the night. They do not fear us. We must
not fear them. In spite of our overwhelming conventional strength as the
world's only "superpower" (a truly silly term), we are the underdog in this
fight. As you listen to the carefully scripted rhetoric designed to prepare
us for the march for war, please realize that America is not equipped or
seriously trained for the battle ahead. To be certain, our soldiers are
much better than the enemy, and we have some excellent "counter-terrorist"
organizations, but they are mostly trained for hostage rescues, airfield
seizures, or the occasional "body snatch," (which may come in handy). We
will be fighting a war of annihilation, because if their early efforts are
any indication, our enemy is ready and willing to die to the last man.
Eradicating the enemy will be costly and time consuming. They have already
deployed their forces in as many as 20 countries, and are likely living the
lives of everyday citizens. Simply put, our soldiers will be tasked with a
search and destroy mission on multiple foreign landscapes, and the public
must be patient and supportive until the strategy and tactics can be worked
For the most part, our military is still in the process of redefining
itself and presided over by men and women who grew up with - and were
promoted because they excelled in - Cold War doctrine, strategy and
tactics. This will not be linear warfare, there will be no clear "centers
of gravity" to strike with high technology weapons. Our vast technological
edge will certainly be helpful, but it will not be decisive. Perhaps the
perfect metaphor for the coming battle was introduced by the terrorists
themselves aboard the hijacked aircraft-this will be a knife fight, and it
will be won or lost by the ingenuity and will of citizens and soldiers, not
by software or smart bombs. We must also be patient with our military
Unlike Americans who are eager to put this messy time behind us, our
adversaries have time on their side, and they will use it. They plan to
fight a battle of attrition, hoping to drag the battle out until the
American public loses its will to fight. This might be difficult to believe
in this euphoric time of flag waving and patriotism, but it is generally
acknowledged that America lacks the stomach for a long fight. We need only
look as far back as Vietnam, when North Vietnamese General Vo Nguyen Giap
(also a military history teacher) defeated the United States of America
without ever winning a major tactical battle. American soldiers who marched
to war cheered on by flag waving Americans in 1965 were reviled and spat
upon less than three years later when they returned. Although we hope that
Usama Bin Laden is no Giap, he is certain to understand and employ the
concept. We can expect not only large doses of pain like the recent
attacks, but! also less audacious "sand in the gears" tactics, ranging from
livestock infestations to attacks at water supplies and power distribution
These attacks are designed to hit us in our "comfort zone" forcing the
average American to "pay more and play less" and eventually eroding our
resolve. But it can only work if we let it. It is clear to me that the will
of the American citizenry - you and I - is the center of gravity the enemy
has targeted. It will be the fulcrum upon which victory or defeat will
turn.  He believes us to be soft, impatient, and self-centered. He may be
right, but if so, we must change. The Prussian general Carl von Clausewitz,
(the most often quoted and least read military theorist in history), says
that there is a "remarkable trinity of war" that is composed of the (1)
will of the people, (2) the political leadership of the government, and (3)
the chance and probability that plays out on the field of battle, in that
order.  Every American citizen was in the crosshairs of last Tuesday's
attack, not just those that were unfortunate enough to be in the World
Trade Center or Pentagon. The will of the American people will decide this
war. If we are to win, it will be because we have what it takes to
persevere through a few more hits, learn from our mistakes, improvise, and
adapt. If we can do that, we will eventually prevail.
Everyone I've talked to In the past few days has shared a common
frustration, saying in one form or another "I just wish I could do
something!" You are already doing it. Just keep faith in America, and
continue to support your President and military, and the outcome is
If we fail to do so, the outcome is equally certain.
God Bless America
Dr. Tony Kern, Lt Col, USAF (Ret)
Former Director of Military History, USAF Academy
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:55:06
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: from alt.security.terrorism 
In Wingdings, NYC -> (skull & crossbones) (star of david) (thumbs up)
In Webdings, NYC -> (eye) (heart) (city)
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:08:43
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: Re: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
No.  Your acceptance or rejection of my definitions is irrelevant.
I'm predicting what definitions will be used by those who are
important in this situation---the people acting to decide whether or
not the insurance policy will be paid.
You can question them, but in this case it's clear that the
definitions that are important are those that the insurance company
will use in determining whether an act of war was committed.  If they
don't pay out, the people who hold the policies will go to court, and
once in court the legal definition will be used.
Perhaps they do not agree with your definitions.  I contend that my
definitions are accurate inasmuch as they reflect those which will be
used when the people who will eventually make this decision endeavor
to do so.
Yes, but it does not recognize that state-sponsored terrorism
constitutes an act of war, which is the important question here.
The question here was "will the insurance companies pay out?"  My
answer was that this was clearly an act of terrorism and not an act of
war.  Even if it were sponsored by a state, it would be an act of
terrorism, not an act of war.  I'm not questioning the existence of
state-sponsored terrorism.
Interesting that you're accusing me of ad hominem attacks and the use
of straw men, as this is your standard m.o.---in this case, the
squirrel definitions that started this ridiculous discussion and 'your
beenie is wound too tight, junior."
Jim, I'm going to give you a clue.  You're generally regarded here as
the village idiot.  You are not respected, your arguments are ignored,
and your posts are deleted on reception by most people.  To some this
would send a clear warning that something is wrong.  Perhaps you need
someone to tell you this outright: shut the fuck up and crank up those
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-14 06:54:51
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: Google Search: state sponsored terrorism 
Nice try.  None of the first ten pages contains the phrase "act of war."  I'm willing to bet the pattern continues, but I have class in 6 hours
and sleep is more valuable than proving you wrong over and over again,
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-14 06:56:09
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
...the formal text of the standard.  etc.
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-14 06:46:38
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
Jim, I must admit I'm surprised to see even the likes of you making
the above argument.  The question is thus: "were actions X, Y, and Z acts of terrorism or
acts of war?"  If the answer is war, the insurance contract states
that no coverage will be provided.  If the answer is terrorism, the
insurance companies will have to pay in full the $11e9 policy carried
by the WTC.  If there is some disagreement as to whether or not the
attacks were acts of terrorism or acts of war, it will be settled in
court.  In said court, the standard that will be considered is the
legal one.  See below for
Clearly, then, the original question did include that boundary
None of the above is relevant.  According to 22 USC Sec. 2656f(d) [1]:
The House Subcommittee on National Security, Veterans' Affairs, and
International Relations has stated that the above sets the standard
for a terrorist act [2].
By this definition, it's pretty clear that the events of 9/11 were
terrorism.  If there is a government that was supporting the people who committed
Tuesday's acts of terrorism, the only action that can be considered an
act of war is that of lending support or quarter to the terrorists.
The terrorists are still responsible for the destruction of the WTC,
and said destruction is still an act of terrorism.
Thus, it is undoubtedly the case that an act of terrorism was
committed in the destruction of the WTC.  In addition, it is possible
that an act of war has been committed, although it is currently
unclear whether one has or not.
Find a new thread on which to blather, Choate.  You're way out of your
[1] [2] Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-14 04:55:58
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
Squirrel definition!  Don't you know that squirrels are poor form and
generally lead to point reduction?  Obviously you were never a debate
judge.  :-P
The relevant definitions here are clearly not those of Webster, but
those of the appropriate US laws.  By said laws, it is most certainly
_not_ a question of scale.  Governments can't be terrorists, period.
The letter of the law.
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-14 04:27:01
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
The labels "act of terrorism" and "act of war" are mutually exclusive.
The former is by definition perpetrated by a non-governmental group;
the latter requires actions by a government.  The claims by Dubya et
al to the contrary are incoherent politibabble.
This has been discussed within the last month here on the list, IIRC.
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-20 23:34:13
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: somewhat encouraging... 
...is that at least _some_ people are against the war.  To my surprise
and delight, an anti-war march just passed my window taking up all of
Mass Ave.  Presumably they're marching from MIT up to Harvard.  Not
like it'll do anything, but it's nice to find people who agree that
going to war over all this shit just doesn't make sense.
I was saying to a friend not half an hour ago that maybe our
generation needs a Vietnam.  I'm at once sad and glad to see that it's
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:19:26
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
Honestly, I haven't submitted it.  I didn't think they'd accept it,
even though it only optionally makes mutt non-standards-compliant.  I
suppose I should submit it...
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-09-26 15:40:14
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
Be fair.  I rewrote much of the PGP functionality in Mutt just so I
could send PGP-signed messages to this list without pissing people
off.  Never mind that I was subsequently convinced that doing so is
not useful, just as I'm sure this person soon will be.  :-)
In any case, if anyone wants my patch for Mutt that will give you the
option to keep it from including the "MIME encrustations" (in the
words of Tim May), just ask and I'll send it to you.
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-10-24 00:08:34
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
Strange that you would go to all the trouble.  I'll take emacs and
LaTeX2e any day of the week.  Who needs WYSIWYG when you can make
nicer-looking documents in less time using a Turing-complete document
formatting / programming language?
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-10-12 15:36:05
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: Re: Feingold amendment 
"to knock up" == "to make pregnant"
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-10-05 16:26:20
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: To Jim Bell et al, from Chas Vest of MIT, re Martyr 
We usually call him Chuck.  The verb form.
There were t-shirts being sold a couple years ago with "cV" printed on
them (think cK from the Calvin Klein logo) in large-ish letters, then
under that, "Chuck Vest: It's An Imperative."
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-10-04 16:17:16
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: WTC Photos 
mogrify -geometry 40%x40% wtcxxx.jpg
I have made 40%-sized images; they'll soon be available at
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-10-15 18:53:50
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: John Young Interpretation Society 
Actually, he won (and it was against a steam drill, not a nailer).  He
just died from the exertion.
  "And they told the results to captain Tommy. Captain Tommy said,
  'I'll be, mmm mmm mmm. Listen here folks. John Henry and the
  machine. The machine made eleven feet, four inches, the men
  shoulder's sagged. John Henry made fourteen feet, seven inches. The
  men whooped and hollered and Captain Tommy went over to congratulate
  John Henry. But John Henry didn't see his outstretched hand. John
  Henry fell over in the dust. John Henry had hammered on the
  mountain, and his hammer was strike and fire but he drove so hard
  that he broke his poor heart, that he laid down his hammer and he
  died."
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2001-10-19 19:54:47
@_author: "Riad S. Wahby" 
@_subject: Re: ENVELOPE STUFFING JOB 
How much laboratory experience do you have?  Specifically, we're
looking for people with experience handling white powders.  Also,
please let us know if your vaccinations are not up-to-date.
Riad Wahby
MIT VI-2/A 2002
