
@_date: 2004-07-15 18:51:41
@_author: Jerilyn Pearce 
@_subject: Did you make_400 return last week,GDNO? totter 
closet extrinsic
The SPECULATIVE NEAR TERM TARGET PRICE is - $1.35
The SPECULATIVE NEAR TERM TARGET PRICE is - $1.90
HUGE news just released:
Golden Opportunity Resources Inc. - Big Snowy Encounters
Multiple Oil and Gas Bearing Zones in Bolero 1-23 Well
6000 Feet Northwest of Golden Opportunity Hole
Stock Set to Explode on Thursday July 15th - Numerous
newsletters will profile the company.
       ++..Trading_Alert..++
Company Profile
Golden Opportunity Resources, Inc., Current Price:_0.35
The SPECULATIVE NEAR TERM TARGET PRICE is - $1.35
The SPECULATIVE NEAR TERM TARGET PRICE is - $1.90
MISSOULA, MT, Jul 13, 2004 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via COMTEX/
Golden Opportunity Resources, Inc., (OTC Pink: GDNO) a Nevada
Golden Opportunity Resources (GDNO-PK) has been informed by
the company's joint venture partner and project operator, Big
Snowy Resources LP, that the drilling of a well located 6,000
feet northwest of the hole Golden Opportunity is set to drill
has been completed to target depth. The Bolero 1-23 Well has
been cased and cemented. The primary target, the Tyler C Sand,
was successfully intersected at 2,830 feet to 2,860 feet (863
to 872 metres). Schlumberger Oilfield Services Inc. completed two log reports to
ensure accuracy of the data and has provided estimates for the
potential of oil and gas in each of the five zones encountered.
All five zones demonstrate potential commercial-grade and
significant quantity of hydrocarbons (oil and gas), which is
further corroborated by similarities to other neighboring offset
wells, both within 400 feet (122 metres) of the Bolero 1-23 well.
President of Golden Opportunity Resources William Morton stated
"We at Golden Opportunity are extremely encouraged by the recent
discovery made just 6,000 feet from our hole which is set to be
drilled in the next 10 days. Big Snowy has advised the company
that the discovery hole is in the same Tyler formation as Golden
Opportunity's hole to be drilled. This recent development just
affirms our belief that the program we are set to embark upon is
first rate. We are pleased to be working with Big Snowy and their
team of experts with vast experience in this area."
       **** Don't Miss This One Get It Immediately ****
Disc ,laimer
In compliance with Section 17(b), we disclose the holding of GDNO shares prior to the publication of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares. Shares may be sold at any time, even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company. Since we own shares, there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions. Readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties, that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward- looking statements.
Please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein. This newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer. All statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such. We may own, buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time. This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may include terms as "expect", "believe", "may", "will", "move","undervalued" and "intend" or similar terms. This newsletter was paid $6500 from third party to send this report. PLEASE DO YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY PROFILED COMPANY. You may lose money from investing in Penny Stocks. To be removed from further emails send email to kergbm
04O	28	12	And three tenth parts of the best meal for a meal offering mixed with oil, for every ox; and two tenth parts of the best meal for a meal offering mixed with oil, for the one sheep;
24O	23	16	This is what the Lord of armies has said: Do not give ear to the words which the prophets say to you: they give you teaching of no value: it is from themselves that their vision comes, and not out of the mouth of the Lord.
