
@_date: 2002-04-25 05:42:22
@_author: "Mrs. Ruth Obed. " 
@_subject: please help my children and I 
Mrs. Ruth Obed
c/o Anthony Egobia
Anthony Egobia & co
Legal practitioners
2 falohun steet, Aguda
S/L Lagos, Nigeria.
Fax: 234-1-7594260
I am Mrs. Ruth Obed, widow of the late Lt. Col. M. Obed, the former military Administrator of Kaduna state of Nigeria. my late husband was one of the victims of the 7th November 1996 ADC Aircraft Boing 727 that crashed in Lagos.
I have just been informed by our family attorney, Barrister Anthony Egobia that my late husband operated a secret account with the Union Bank Plc into which a total sum of Thirty million United state Dollars ($30,000,000.00) was lodged in. This above mentioned amount was paid in and credited in the name of his American business friend Engr. John Creek who unfortunately died in the same mishap. The attorney now advised me to seek in confidence a foreign partner whom this fund would be transferred into his/her bank account for disbursement as directed by my late husband's WILL.
It has been resolved that 20% will be your share for nominating an account for this purpose and any other assistance you will give in this regard. 10% has been slated out for the reimbursement of local and international expenses which may be incurred in the transfer process. finally, 70% will come to my children and my self and good part of this shall be directed towards executing my late husband's WILL, which is to buy shares and stocks in foreign country to secure his children's future.
To facilitate the conclusion of this project if accepted by you, do send to me promptly via email your response or you direct it to my family attorney through his direct fax line: 234-1-7594260. You should please furnish us with the following details:
1. The bank Account number to be used for the remittance.
2. Name and address of the bank.
3. Your telephone, fax and mobile numbers for easy communication
Please note that I have been assured that the transaction will be concluded within (2) weeks upon receiving from you the above listed information. May I at this point emphasis the high level of confidentiality which this business demands and hope you will not betray the trust and confidence which I repose on you. Since the death of my husband, life has been very difficult for my children and I, so this is to say that this fund is the hope of my children and I.
God would bless you as you assist the poor widow and the fatherless children.
Best wishes,
Mrs. Ruth Obed.
