
@_date: 2004-01-21 07:16:58
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: new CDR node: cypherpunks@cypherpunks.metacolo.com 
Hi.  I'm finishing putting together a CDR node on
initially I'm just providing "cypherpunks", the unedited
unspamfiltered feed.
Later I'll put up cypherpunks-nospam (automated antispam),
cypherpunks-edited (some simple human filtering to kill abuse), and
cypherpunks-gems (which will be default-to-drop, and only good stuff
gets through)
I only have cypherpunks cypherpunks and
cypherpunks in my distribution.  I subscribed myself to
all three as a normal user; if the admins would like to special-case
my CDR node, that's fine too.
It's a mailman system for end users.
I'm going to feed archives back through the system to web archive
them together.
Please let me know if there are any problems with my configuration;
I'd consider it alpha right now, and hopefully will be ready for end
users later in the week.

@_date: 2004-04-29 09:07:44
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: message, but also test 
I have two questions:
1) Does anyone have actual performance measurements of ZKS from when
it was operational/at peak, in terms of bandwidth, MTU, latency, and
jitter?  Is there a good way to quantify just how far from
"acceptable" it was?
2) Does anyone know of any existing reviews of bandwidth cost in
multiple jurisdictions (say, per 1Mbps CIR international terrestrial),
as well as electricity (per-Kwh)?
I'm working on a research report which shows the 5-10 year costs for a
few specific businesses in as many different locations and
jurisdictions as possible, since otherwise it's almost impossible to
quantify how much "better" a jurisdiction is than any other.
I know bandwidth costs for all the markets I actually care about, but
I'd like to flesh this out to account for more individual countries.
The problem is the bandwidth numbers I have are public as well as very
aggressively negotiated, and there's usually a spread of 3-10x between
them, so I'd rather not have to go through that level of negotiation
for any additional data points.
(some people have been sending to cypherpunks
vs. cypherpunks which was causing a bunch of
cypherpunks mail to accumulate in the catchall spool for
metacolo.com.  I just added cypherpunks and cypherpunks-* aliases in
the metacolo domain as well, so it should work, of which this is a
(I also subscribed the al-qaeda node, and will probably finish setting
up the spamfiltered version of the list, as well as passing the back
archives through the same archiving software as current archives, and
search-indexing them, next time I get bored)

@_date: 2004-05-02 18:56:49
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Re: Re: message, but also test 
I've always used a special vmware instance whenever I wanted to do
something anonymously, as I assumed my OS choices and customizations might give me away to the other end as well, especially for anything I
don't notice (a good attack would be trying a well-known 0-day OS
vulnerability on an interactive counterparty, seeing if his machine
drops off the net -- you could do this several times and figure out
which OS is running).  Running a pretty much standard win2k/xp virtual machine with whatever
anonymity functionality running on the windows side OR the unix side seems to deal with that, as well as making it easier to sniff all
output from the machine in realtime to make sure nothing else is going
through.  And it would then be very obvious which nym you're using.
I don't think gmail would work well with a 500MB archive -- I've used
it, and their UI seems inefficient past a certain point.  General web indexing of html archives works pretty well --
("from, "to" searching would be equivalent to author searches, and
keyword + or - terms can be done through a web ui as easily)
I think I'd also prefer being able to do LOCAL searches on most of the
topics on cypherpunks, vs. web searches on someone else's machine, so
I'll just let people download raw archives when reconstructed, with a
5Mbps cap or something.
I am not sure how safely spam can be filtered from the list -- each
person would have his own view of what is spam.  I think ideally there
would be all messages in the spool, broken up by month or quarter or
year, and then a way to run various filters on it, like kill certain
senders, kill keywords, "traditional" spamassassin/bayesian type
systems, etc.  Then the ability to search over any subset.
Google doesn't support enough negative keywords to do this, and it
would be computationally expensive to do the filtering and reindexing
in realtime for each user.
If you had all the spools yourself locally, you could run whatever
spam elimination you considered proper once, and then search index,
with negative keywords for specific senders (or just excise certain
senders permanently as spam)
Quoting An Metet :

@_date: 2005-02-14 20:44:10
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Re: U.S. Said to Pay Iraq Contractors in Cash 
Everyone does this openly over here.  Anything less than $500k or so
isn't even worth thinking about, since as a kidnap victim, you're sold
for about that much.
I really don't see why it's worthy of an article.
I've been buying cash from other contractors, as well as providing
cash on a short-term loan or wire basis, and these activities are
common as well.
It would be a good environment to deploy various electronic payment
systems, but nothing is really up to snuff for the kind of things
people do here -- large sums, and making purchases from existing
online vendors.
Quoting R. A. Hettinga :
