
@_date: 2002-03-08 23:31:40
@_author: 2052ADz@7 
@_subject: Do you remember  me ? (2052ADz@7) 
Hi !
                            CD!!
                    have been receiving emails saying that I'm contributing to
                    the "moral
                    decay of society" by selling the Banned CD. 
                    That may be, but I feel
                    Strongly that you have a right to benefit from this
                    hard-to-find information.
                    So I am giving you ONE LAST CHANCE to order the Banned CD!
                    With this powerful CD, you will be able to investigate your
                    friends, enemies
                    and lovers in just minutes using the Internet. 
                    You can track down old flames from college, or you
                    can dig up some dirt on your boss to make sure
                    you get that next promotion!
                    maybe you want a fake diploma to hang on your bedroom wall. 
                    You'll find
                    addresses for companies that make these diplomas on the
                    Banned CD. Need to disappear fast and never look back? 
                    No problem!
                    Using the Banned CD, you will learn how to build a
                    completely
                    new identity. Obviously, the Powers That Be don't want you
                    to have the Banned CD. 
                    They have threatened me with lawsuits, fines, and
                    even imprisonment unless I stop
                    selling it immediately. But I feel that YOU have a
                    Constitutional right to
                    this type of information, and I can't be intimidated.
                    Uncle Sam and your creditors are horrified that I am still
                    selling this
                    product!  There
                    must be a price on my head!
                    are they so upset? Because this CD gives you freedom.
                    And you can't buy freedom at your local Walmart. 
                    You will
                    have the freedom to avoid creditors, judgments, lawsuits,
                    IRS
                    tax collectors, criminal indictments, your greedy ex-wife or
                    and MUCH more!
  For sites to view, complete below 
                    AND  we will be returned promptly.NOTE:   If you                     are using a web based email program (such as Yahoo, Hotmail,                     etc.) the form below will not work.  Instead                     of using the form, CLICK                     HERE to send us an email. 
    Name:  :State: I am  : interesting:no interest  Comments:  
To Be Removed From Our               List, CLICK               HERE: Remove My               Address
