
@_date: 2013-09-07 12:32:44
@_author: Sam Moats 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
I'm sorry if you don't share my view. Personally I think the Patriot Act is unconsitutional
and CALEA is a tool to enable the total invasion of privacy. I think
the laws need changed, I want to change. That said I will not break them and neither will you.
How would/does your company respond to NSLs or subpoenas? Do you comply FCC 499 requirements and with CALEA requirements? I do, and I'm betting you will to.
Does it suck? Yea of course it does but unless you have a better plan for a US based provider
I will keep doing what I'm doing.

@_date: 2013-09-06 17:52:16
@_author: Sam Moats 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
The problem being is when you do have a provider that appears to be and out of reach, think lavabit, that provider will not survive for The CALEA requirements, and Patriot Act provisions will force them into
There only options are to:
Disobey the law, unacceptable in my opinion
Close down services, noble but I need to eat and you probably want to keep getting email
Compromise your principles and obey the law, the path often choosen.
Sam Moats

@_date: 2013-09-06 15:04:58
@_author: Sam Moats 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
This is part of the purpose behind the separation of powers between executive, legislative and judicial.
William Pitt wrote "Unlimited power is apt to corrupt the minds of those who possess it" . As such constraints
are needed and in place.
We expect politician to cheat,lie,be stupid and self serving. Because we like people who tell us what we
want to hear and most of us vote for people that we like. The do not have to be wise, or even competent.
Personally I think most of the fault currently lies with the Judicial side. These laws were enacted as a
knee jerk reaction to an event. I can understand the passions of people at that time because I shared them,
however the courts are supposed to be a bulwark against this very kind of rash action.
These men and women are supposed to be well educated in the fundamental concepts that constructed our republic
and appointed to terms that prevent them from worrying about the political whims of the time.

@_date: 2013-09-06 14:23:11
@_author: Sam Moats 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
I don't suggest a riot. I do believe in the rule of law, as a member of a democracy
I need to accept that I will not always agree with the laws that are enacted. If we
lived in China or somewhere else where there was no method to change laws that were
unfair or unjust then yea I would support the civil disobiedence approach whole heartedly
I do love my country, always have and I firmly believe in the concept of government
by the consent of the governed. These rules were made by the people we choose, perhaps
these were bad choices but they were are collective choices.
Perhaps we should educate our user base so that in the future they make better choices.
I suggest in an only half snarky way we just push out the standard DOD warning banner
to them all. Since it now seems to apply...
Below is a sample banner (IS is information System)
By using this IS (which includes any device attached to this IS), you consent to the following conditions:
-The USG routinely intercepts and monitors communications on this IS for purposes including, but not limited to, penetration testing, COMSEC monitoring, network operations and defense, personnel misconduct (PM), law enforcement (LE), and counterintelligence (CI) investigations.
-At any time, the USG may inspect and seize data stored on this IS.
-Communications using, or data stored on, this IS are not private, are subject to routine monitoring, interception, and search, and may be disclosed or used for any USG authorized purpose.
-This IS includes security measures (e.g., authentication and access controls) to protect USG interests--not for your personal benefit or -Notwithstanding the above, using this IS does not constitute consent to PM, LE or CI investigative searching or monitoring of the content of privileged communications, or work product, related to personal representation or services by attorneys, psychotherapists, or clergy, and their assistants. Such communications and work product are private and confidential.

@_date: 2013-09-06 10:53:35
@_author: Sam Moats 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
True I shot from the hip, he does address the concerns later. I'm used to implementing technologies to solve security problems. It's just damn frustrating to have your hands tied in such a way that you can not and that's the position that I see myself and most other network ops in.
Our customers decided at the ballot box that they didn't want protection and it was acceptable to entrust their privacy to the system. They seem to forget that decision when they ask if they are vulnerable to this type of intercept and what they can do about it. The answer is not much because I will not and can not break the law, it's unethical and wrong. I will encourage people to seek to change the laws to encourage true end to end security but the odds of that happening are near 0.

@_date: 2013-09-06 10:18:27
@_author: Sam Moats 
@_subject: Re: The US government has betrayed the Internet. We need to take it back 
I believe you are correct, whatever technical hurdles we put in place will be overcome by policy. As long as you can legally require me to make my network intercept able for "lawful" purposes and are able to prevent me from explaining these purposes to my users any security that I would put in place is effectively neutered.
I give up trying to resist, I am now firmly in the tin foil hat club.
