
@_date: 2002-04-17 20:36:43
@_author: "Sandra Savimbi" 
@_subject: confidential business proposal 
This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the fact that we have not yet met. The message could be strange but reel if you pay some attention to it. I could have notified you about it at least for the sake of your integrity. Please accept my sincere apologies. In bringing this message of goodwill to you, I have to say that I have no intentions of causing you any pains.
I am Ms. Sandra savimbi, daughter of the late rebel leader Jonas savimbi of Angola who was killed on the 22nd of febuary 2002 . I managed to get your contact details through "The World Business Journal", a journal of the Johannesburg Chamber of Commerce in South Africa in the time I was desperately looking for a trustworthy person to assist me in this confidential business.
my late father, Jonas savimbi was able to deposit a large sum of money in differnt banks in europe My father is presently death and the movement of his family members (including me) is restricted. We are forbidden to either travel abroad or out of our localities. Presently, the US$8,500,000.00 EIGHT, MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS my father transfered to Netherlands is safe and is in a security firm. Before you can get access to it i have to give you the password I am therefore soliciting your help to have this money transfered into your account. before my government get wind of this fund .You know my father was a rebel leader in Angola before his death My reason for doing this is because it will be difficult for the Angolan government to trace my father's money to an individual's account, especially when such an individual has no relationship ,I decided to keep that money for my family use. At present the money is
kept in a Security Company in nertherland.
I am currently and temporarily living in Angola with my husband my brother has a refugee status'in The Netherlands. Moreover the political climate in Angola at the moment being so sensitive and unstable.With this password and information I will send to you, and power of attorney to the security firm, When you are ready i will give you the information needed before you can get access to the fund you will then proceed to Netherlands where the US$8,500,000.00 EIGHT, MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS will be given to you as payment. Alternatively, you can have the fund transferred into any account that suits you.
Yours sincerely,
Sandra Savimbi.
