
@_date: 2002-04-16 22:34:38
@_author: Satellite@allbestcheapstuff.com 
@_subject: Digital TV installed Free in 4 rooms 
Current Text-based email copy
Wow! --  CONGRATULATIONS
. - You can get up to 4 receivers installed in 4 rooms! -
- No Equipment To Buy. -
- 3 Months of Free Service! -
You have been selected! You can receive FREE INSTALLATION of a Dish Network Satellite TV System! There is no equipment to buy. You can get FREE Professional
Installation in up to four rooms from Dish Network! You can also upgrade to
a Personal Digital Video Recorder. (Retail value $499 if you had to buy this!)
Click here to get your FREE INSTALLATION of a Dish Network satellite TV System and 3 months of free service before this promotion expires:
When you sign up online to receive your FREE Professional Installation from
Dish Network, you'll get MORE CHANNELS, up to 170 channels, with CD QUALITY
sound and picture for LESS MONEY than most people pay for their cable TV.
Sign up online now for programming as low as $36.99 per month AND you'll get:
FREE Professional Installation in as many as four rooms (installation is available in
up to six rooms!)
Up to FOUR receivers (4) for watching separate programming on each TV in different
Up to 170 CHANNELS of CD quality sound and picture
PROGRAMMING LESS EXPENSIVE than cable TV in most markets
You can upgrade to a Personal Digital Video Recorder for 35 hours of tapeless
recording of all your favorite shows! ($499 retail value if you had to buy
No bill for your first 3 months!
Claim your FREE Professional Installation in up to Four Rooms Now! This is a limited-time promotion so hurry! Click here for online ordering with real-time confirmation of your
* This offer is for new Dish Network residential subscribers only. Previous
and existing customers are not eligible. Offer limited to homes within the
continental United States and Hawaii. Not available in Alaska, or Puerto
Rico. Sorry, no foreign service is available. (c) 2002 VMC Satellite, Inc.
 REMOVAL NOTICE: If you would no longer like to receive special offers from Bestcheapstuff.com, go to  and you will be promptly unsubscribed. For additional information or comments contact us. By clicking any link above you Opt-In to our subscription list.
