
@_date: 2003-11-16 08:20:38
@_author: DTIC® 
@_subject: Meet other naughty singles!        Cypherpunks 
Untitled Document
The Defense Technical Information Center (DTIC®) is the central facility for the collection and dissemination of scientific and technical information for the Department of Defense (DoD). Much of this information is made available by DTIC in the form of technical reports about completed research, and research summaries of ongoing research.hJkCvb50eTOuXoknWwCb
CLICK   HERE TO GET LAID   NOW
The Handle System allows handles to be both created and resolved in a distributed fashion (see the diagram on this page for an overview of the Handle System architecture). Both creation and resolution can be accomplished using dedicated clients, common clients such as web browsers using special extensions or plug-ins, or unextended clients going through various proxies. In all cases, communication with the Handle System is carried out using the Handle System protocol which has a formal specification and some specific implementations, all freely available from CNRI. The protocol has a corresponding client library available in C and Java. The C client library has been used by CNRI in the creation of a handle-aware extension to the Netscape and Microsoft web browsers. The Java client library has been used to create an http-to-handle proxy and caching server. Administration clients are used for the creation and editing of handles. Several have been imple!
mented by CNRI in Java, which are used in various web servlets, batch input utilities, and other custom projects. The above diagram shows the basic architecture and operation of the Handle System. To improve the productivity of those who use scientific and technical information to accomplish a Defense mission objective, DTIC manages 13 Information Analysis Centers staffed by experienced information specialists, scientists and engineers who help customers locate, analyze and use scientific and technical information in a
