
@_date: 2004-06-27 16:38:23
@_author: "DR. SALI BARA" 
@_subject: Permission To Remit Funds To You 
Dear Sir
It is my pleasure to contact you for assistance and business co-operation. I know the contents of this letter might be surprising to you. But I assure you that every word of it is true. Even though we hardly know each other I believe you can help me. I am the President of a special task force in charge of the sales of petroleum products in The Republic of Benin . My office monitors the sales and lifting of crude oil and petroleum product by foreign dealers. With the cooperation of my assistant and head of the audit committee attached to the task force, I have successfully saved about 25.3million Us Dollar. This money is as a result of allocation of excess crude oil to the foreign dealers, which has been sold but which money is not entered in the financial statement of my task force. This money is now lying unclaimed in the account of the task force, known only to me and my partners involved in the excess allocation. However, the legislators of the democratic Government of my country have set up a panel to look into the past activities of some government companies
and parastatals. We do not want the panel to discover the money we saved. We cannot lodge this money into our private bank account. In my country,public servants are not permitted to operate any account in excess of 500,000 US Dollars. Now the idea is to have a foreign partner whom the sum will be transferred to. We have concluded arrangements to transfer this money to your private account if you would permit us to use it. All you have to do is to give us your private address, phone and fax lines. I will send you the details of the transfer and necessary document as soon as you provide them. If you can assist us transfer this money out before the panel starts work, we will give you 20% of the amount. You will keep the remaining sum for us
pending our arrival to your country. We intend to invest 50% of the sum in business. With you knowledge and past experience your advice will be highly needed
for the investment. We would want to know the lucrative business areas in your country we can invest on with the 50% of the sum. Don't worry about any problems in this business. I assure it is safe and no risk is involved. No other party is aware of the sum from the excess allocation
except me and my partner. However, this transaction should be secret and confidential. We awaits your reply on your participation or not, so that we can contact another person. Time is of great essence to us. For any further information reach us through the E-mail address. : sali Dr. Sali Bara
