
@_date: 2008-10-20 13:29:13
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Re: German data rentention law 
Roger Dingledine schrieb:
IMHO it is not true, that ISPs will only have to retain data, they
anyway log. Until now, they weren't even allowed to log the IP address
if they don't need it for billing purposes. The DR law defines, what
they have to log.
If you are e.g. a re-seller, than you don't have to log yourself, if
the data they ask for does not fall into your responsibility. But in
that case, you may have to prove upon request, that your contractor
logs that data.
I guess, we will see a noticeable drop in the number of exit nodes in
germany on the 1/1/09, because operators downgrade to middle-man. As
middle-man, the risk of being asked for log data decreases
significantly, so you may get away with a violation of that law at
least for some time (if Tor nodes have to log, which is unclear, as
the current discussion already showed).
The call to shut down the node rather than to install 'logging
infrastructure' is probably in any case a good thing to do.

@_date: 2008-10-19 16:05:43
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Re: German data rentention law 
krishna e bera schrieb:
Well, that is not something covered by the data retention law, we're
discussing in this thread. That law expressly states that no content
may be logged.
That said, of course there is a different law covering the complete
logging of ones communication by law enforcement agencies which
basically works as you describe. But that is not new but long
existing and the prerequisites for this are still substantial enough
to prevent routine usage. It can't be used for just targeting all Tor
relays and record all their communication. It might probably be used
to target specific relays though. But as I wrote, that has nothing to
do with the new data retention law.
The technical directive may request automatic systems (at least a
large ISPs) which law enforcement agencies could use to retrieve the
desired data without the ISP even knowing it, but it can not be used
to increase the amount of data being logged in the first place.

@_date: 2008-10-19 11:45:22
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Re: German data rentention law 
Roger Dingledine schrieb:
The EU directive
originally defines what data has to be retained.
An interesting term in that document seems to be 'communication'. With
respect to pure access/service providers, that could be a specific
login session, a TCP connection or every single packet. Every single
packet seems to be practically impossible. Every TCP connection
doesn't make sense either, as 'the bad guys' would just use a
connectionless protocol.
The german law contains therefore:
(4) Internet service providers retain:
1. the assigned IP address of each user per dial-in session.
2. the unique identifier of end point of the originator of the
communication (e.g. phone number, DSL)
3. begin and end timestamp of each dial-in session.
Of course, additionally they have to have the possibility to correlate
that to the name and address of the customer.
So this part (logs at ISPs) is pretty much harmless with respect to
Tor, as it 'only' eases finding the operator of an exit node.
As already said, much more difficult is the part about anonymizing
services, which brings us right to the still missing 'technical
That will define the specifics: who is exempted (e.g. WLAN hotspots in
hotels are said to be exempted, WLAN hotspots at airports not), what
format has to be used for transmitting the data to law enforcement,
what precision the timestamps must have, what 'immediate response' to
a request from a law enforcement actually means, what availability the
systems for data retrieval must have and so on...
Most of that will be defined first by the European Telecommunications
Standards Institute. Then the german agency, which has to supervise
the implementation of the law, will adopt that directive. That is
expected to happen in spring 2009.
Curiously, the telecommunication service providers in germany
now have to log stuff, but know nearly nothing about the technical
implementation and that is even worse for small service providers or
private persons.
The conclusion is more or less: nobody knows for sure if Tor relays
have to log or not. It seems, that some courts will have to decide that.

@_date: 2008-10-18 13:16:17
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Re: German data rentention law 
Dieter Zinke schrieb:
I perceive this as overkill which may severely impair the tor network
without real need at this stage of affairs.
BTW: Although we are talking about the german legislation right now,
please don't forget that we are speaking about the implementation of a
european union directive. The UK's implementation will AFAIK be worse
than the german one. So any 'solution' we find now may have to be
applied to more than germany very soon. If we don't come up with
something more intelligent, then the tor network will loose all nodes
in one country as soon as that country introduces data retention,
until nothing is left.
(And as a side remark: Somebody on or-dev mentioned that we would have
to exclude all nodes _operated_ by german (legal or natural) persons,
no matter where they are.)
