
@_date: 2001-09-30 22:48:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
Its angering how much lip service though little progress has been made since 1973 on freeing America from her chemical dependence on petroleum in general and mid-east oil specifically.  If the U.S. had no direct economic interests in the mid-east would it be propping up the governments of Israel, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, or contending with Iran and Iraq, etc? More likely our response to problems in the area would be similar to our involvement in West Africa.  This dependance has made us little more than oil junkies and you know that junkies will do whatever it takes to get their next fix.  If America wants to break this cycle of state violence and co-dependency it needs to get energy therapy in a hurry.

@_date: 2001-09-29 16:59:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Public safety agencies urge quick rollout of wireless location 
[Two approaches have been approved by the FCC: cell station based and subscriber unit based.  The subscriber solution (e.g., GPS or triangulation from synchronized broadcast TV color-burst) is much preferred as it places control of the handset and therefore, possibly, the end user.  If the end user does get control it would enable interesting applications (e.g., location escrow authenticated by an imbedded tamper-proof smart chip which could be encrypted to a user key within the phone).]
Public safety agencies urge quick rollout of wireless location services
By BOB BREWIN
(September 27, 2001)
With a Monday deadline looming, three national public safety organizations want the Federal Communications Commission to stop granting waivers and extensions to cellular communications companies that would allow them to miss the long-mandated start date for E911 wireless location services.
The agencies said the FCC should hit carriers that miss the deadline with "serious penalties" for noncompliance.
The Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. -- and the heavy use of cellular networks by the public and rescue workers, including jury-rigged automatic location systems in New York -- make it difficult for the FCC to grant new waivers for a system that it first envisioned in 1996, said Jim Goerke, wireless implementation director at the National Emergency Number Association in Columbus, Ohio.
The Sept. 11 attacks have helped focus attention on the importance of wireless emergency contact information, Goerke said, adding, "[The cellular carriers] have had a lot of time to get this together."
While the FCC hasn't indicated how it will act, analysts expect it to take a strong stand. The chances of continued leniency by the commission "are about equal to everyone being a winner in Las Vegas," said Alan Reiter, an analyst at Wireless Internet & Mobile Computing in Chevy Chase, Md.
The technology isn't perfect, but it does exist, said Reiter. The cellular industry has been engaged in "legal stalling," a tactic that won't work in the postattack world, he said.
Full story at [Two approaches have been approved by the FCC: cell station based and
subscriber unit based.  The subscriber solution (e.g., GPS or
triangulation from synchronized broadcast TV color-burst) is much
preferred as it places control of the handset and therefore, possibly,
the end user.  If the end user does get control it would enable
interesting applications (e.g., location escrow authenticated by an
imbedded tamper-proof smart chip which could be encrypted to a user key
within the phone).]
Public safety agencies urge quick rollout of wireless location
By BOB BREWIN (September 27, 2001)
With a Monday deadline looming, three national public safety
organizations want the Federal Communications Commission to stop granting
waivers and extensions to cellular communications companies that would
allow them to miss the long-mandated start date for E911 wireless
location services.
The agencies said the FCC should hit carriers that miss the deadline with
"serious penalties" for noncompliance.
The Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. -- and the heavy use of
cellular networks by the public and rescue workers, including jury-rigged
automatic location systems in New York -- make it difficult for the FCC
to grant new waivers for a system that it first envisioned in 1996, said
Jim Goerke, wireless implementation director at the National Emergency
Number Association in Columbus, Ohio.
The Sept. 11 attacks have helped focus attention on the importance of
wireless emergency contact information, Goerke said, adding, "[The
cellular carriers] have had a lot of time to get this
While the FCC hasn't indicated how it will act, analysts expect it to
take a strong stand. The chances of continued leniency by the commission
"are about equal to everyone being a winner in Las Vegas," said
Alan Reiter, an analyst at Wireless Internet & Mobile Computing in
Chevy Chase, Md.
The technology isn't perfect, but it does exist, said Reiter. The
cellular industry has been engaged in "legal stalling," a
tactic that won't work in the postattack world, he said.
Full story at

@_date: 2001-09-28 01:03:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Atom Experiment Brings Teleportation a Step Closer 
Atom Experiment Brings Teleportation a Step Closer
Physicists in Denmark have made two samples of trillions of atoms interact at a distance in an experiment which may bring Star Trek-style teleportation and rapid quantum computing closer to reality.

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:03:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Trial of Henry Kissinger 
This is an excerpt from "The Trial of Henry Kissinger" by Christopher
Hitchens , Chap. 2, "Indochina", pages 25-26. [Pub: Verso/2001
, ISBN 1-85984-631-9]
"On 12 May 1975, Cambodian gunboats detained an American merchant
vessel named the Mayaguez. In the immediate aftermath of the Khmer
Rouge seizure of power, the situation was a distraught one. The ship
had been stopped in international waters claimed by Cambodia and then
taken to the Cambodian island of Koh Tang. In spite of reports that
the crew had been released, Kissinger pressed for an immediate
face-saving and "credibility"-enhancing strike. He persuaded
President Gerald Ford, the untried and undistinguished successor to
his deposed former boss, to send in the Marines and the Air Force.
Out of a Marine force of 110, 18 were killed and 50 wounded. Some 23
Air Force men died in a crash. The United States used a 15,000-pound
bomb on the island, the most powerful non-nuclear device that it
possessed. Nobody has the figures for Cambodian deaths. The
casualties were pointless because the ship's company of the Mayaguez
were nowhere on Koh Tang, having been released some hours earlier. A
subsequent congressional inquiry found that Kissinger could have
known of this by listening to Cambodian Broadcasting* or by paying
attention to a third-party government which had been negotiating a
deal for the restitution of the crew and the ship. It was not as if
any Cambodians doubted, by that month of 1975, the willingness of the
US government to employ deadly force.
In Washington, DC, there is a famous and hallowed memorial to the
American dead of the Vietnam War. Known as the Vietnam Veterans'
Memorial, it bears a name that is slightly misleading. I was present
for the extremely affecting moment of its dedication in 1982, and
noticed that the list of nearly 60,000 names is incised in the wall
not by alphabet but by date. The first few names appear in 1954, and
the last few in 1975. The more historically minded visitors can
sometimes be heard to say that they didn't know the United States was
engaged in Vietnam as early or as late as that. Nor were the public
supposed to know. The first names are of the covert operatives sent
in by Colonel Lansdale without congressional approval to support the
French colonialism before Dien Bien Phu. The last names are of those
thrown away in the Mayaguez fiasco. It took Henry Kissinger to ensure
that a war of atrocity, which he had helped prolong, should end as
furtively and ignominiously as it had begun."
[* translations of CB intercepts were available to Kissinger in
regular ELINT summary reports from the NSA. --ddt]

@_date: 2001-09-25 17:19:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: another National ID card fuckwit 
Mr. Brito may be right that such a restricted national ID card might be legal but so what?  The skill these terrorists used in creating their identities shows that they would not likely have been caught even under his suggested system. Another case of reducing liberty with only the appearance of improvement in safety.  A bad bargain even if it worked.
Also, the breadth of the application of the Interstate Commerce Clause since its growth spurt in the '30s is staggering and very troublesome. I can't find much historical justification for it in the writings of the framers (can anyone on the list?). Its reached the point where almost any economic (and many non-economic) activities come under the ICC.  Its become the source of most of Congresss' power and they know it.  Only recently has the SC begun to issuing a more narrow interpretation (bully for them), but its still too broad and I find any expansion under it to be resisted wherever possible.
The creation of yet another, even more intrusive, federal data base which (if recent events serve as an example) can be abused by those in authority is to be avoided at all cost.
If the U.S. Consulates and INS had not fumbled the ball on admitting and tracking those legally admitted it might have raised the bar considerably on domestic terrorism from these sources.  But now a heard of zombies are roaming free among us and we may never know the true extent to which we were exposed by those inept guardians of our safety.

@_date: 2001-09-21 23:34:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CNN: Congressman pushes for more encryption 
WASHINGTON--A U.S. lawmaker well versed in technology issues said Friday that government bodies and citizens should use more encryption, not less, to increase security on the Internet.

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:51:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Root Cause 
THE ROOT CAUSE
Cassius said, "The fault, dear Brutus, is not in the stars but in
ourselves that we are underlings." John E. Schwarz, a political scientist
at the University of Arizona, is far less certain of that:
"The notion that people have a capacity to control their own destinies is an enormously strong, almost insistent feature of our American culture. The stories of penniless immigrants who came to these shores and became successful are as legion as they are inspiring, fostering a belief that anyone can start anew in this country and succeed. Principal Joe Clark tells his students at Eastside High School in Paterson, New Jersey: 'Don't you know, no one can hold you down unless you consent to it.'
"Nonetheless, many people believe that over the past three decades a dangerous anti-ethos has arisen: the idea that the individual American is not responsible for his or her own fate. From the point of view of these observers, too many individuals have come to see themselves as victims rather than as agents, to feel sorry for themselves instead of working to pick themselves up--a mentality that government assistance programs helped to spawn and now continue to reinforce. With the expansion of government has come a feeling of entitlement and an emphasis on rights over responsibilities. The creed of personal accountability so important to the American ethos has withered, and with that has come a rise in welfare, illegitimacy, crime, and other social pathologies--the price the society has paid for the abandonment of character.
"Or has something gone wrong with the ethos itself? The premise that individuals can control and so be personally responsible for their own lives presumes that the opportunity to do so exists. Generations of
Americans have called this "the land of opportunity." But is it, still? Does opportunity remain available and adequate to the needs of the American people, sufficient to enable them to take control of their own lives? Does this ethos, which is expected to connect us and provide the moral underpinnings of a just and healthy society, reflect the reality that American families actually experience in their everyday lives? Are the problems troubling society today due to the disintegration of values and character, or to a genuine lack of opportunity that prevents individuals and families from being able to determine their own futures?"
 From John E. Schwarz's "Illusions of Opportunity: The American Dream in

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:38:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: US Weapons of war... 
As Spain was for new German weapons prior to WW II, looks like the Afgans will be the unwilling beta testers for these new U.S. techno devices.
If recent history is any guide they will mostly fail to live up to the public DoD expectations, the truth will be hidden from Congress and the media until they have managed to move the short-term memory of the public discourse onto the next great, expensive, program they are pitching.  I suggest that the program mangers for these weapon systems should be required to be combatants using their creations in real fire fights.  Darwin will quickly sort out the workable solutions and competent program managers.

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:22:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Frank Sudia's proposal: Let's revive encryption key escrow 
In "Encryption and the Restoration of National Sovereignty," you said:
"No one disputes that unbreakable encryption impairs government ability to intercept suspect communications and issue warrants for stored data. The citizens have gained "unreviewable discretion" to communicate without oversight. They did not have this power before. Now they do."
"This was a direct loss of sovereignty by the Government, with a corresponding "gain" by the citizens. Conversely, the restoration of investigative capabilities cannot be considered "taking freedom and liberty from the People," since they never historically possessed this freedom."
The Fourth Amendment was adopted in direct response to the English Parliament's practice of giving colonial revenue officers complete discretion to search for smuggled goods by means of writs of assistance. The writs permitted colonial authorities, including British troops, to enter homes and offices at will and search any person or place they wanted. The early Americans rebelled against these general searches, and on the eve of the Declaration of Independence, Samuel Adams said he regarded the opposition to general searches as "the Commencement of the Controversy between Great Britain and America." It is fair to say that absolute protection from general government searches is one of this country's founding principles.
When the framers struck the original balance between personal privacy and the needs of law enforcement, remote listening devices had not yet been invented. But it is clear that had they existed, the framers would not have approved of them. By definition, electronic surveillance constitutes a general search, not a search limited to specific objects, people and places as required by the Fourth Amendment. Wiretapping, bugs, and keys to encrypted messages intrude on the most intimate aspects of human life. They hear/see everything and everyone, indiscriminately. Like vacuum cleaners, they sweep up all the details of innocent and often intimate private conversations. A tap on the phone of one person necessarily captures the conversations of anyone who happens to use that phone or call that number. Unlocking one person's encryption code subjects all who electronically communicate with that person to government surveillance. Even obtaining a court warrant does not fix this problem. Electronic eavesdropping cannot be regulated by a warrant precisely because of its dragnet quality; the object to be seized or the premises to be searched cannot be limited or even specified, because it is in the very nature of the technology to catch In 1927, during the height of federal enforcement of National Alcohol Prohibition, the Court attempted to come to grips with electronic eavesdropping for the first time. Roy Olmstead, a bootlegger convicted entirely on the basis of evidence from wiretaps, argued before the Court that a search had been conducted without a warrant and without probable cause in violation of his Fourth Amendment rights. In a 5-4 opinion, the Court ruled that a physical entry (a "trespass") must be committed before the Fourth Amendment's protection could be invoked. Since the wiretaps were physically placed outside Olmstead's home, the Court reasoned, there was no government intrusion and therefore no Fourth Amendment protection. The Olmstead decision defined the law for forty years, and during that period, the government was able to engage in virtually unrestricted electronic spying.
The Olmstead case, by a narrow 5-4 margin, destroyed the original balance of the Fourth Amendment, but it was also the occasion for Justice Louis D. Brandeis' prescient dissent in which he warned that, "The progress of science in furnishing the government with means of espionage is not likely to stop with wire-tapping." Brandeis wrote that because wiretaps indiscriminately pick up every conversation within their reach, they constitute the kind of general search prohibited outright by the Fourth Amendment, and that even a warrant requirement would not give sufficient protection. Unfortunately for our privacy rights, Brandeis' dissent has never been adopted by the Court, although it did overrule its Olmstead decision in 1967 when it belatedly recognized that the Fourth Amendment applied to wiretapping and electronic spying (Katz v. U.S.). Nonetheless, Justice Brandeis' account of the framer's intentions is right on the mark:
   "The makers of our Constitution...sought to protect Americans in their
   beliefs, their thoughts, their emotions and their sensations. They
   conferred as against the Government, the right to be let alone -- the
   most comprehensive of the rights of man and the right most valued by
   civilized men."
Cryptography can help shift the balance of the Fourth Amendment back to what the framers originally intended. And that is what the FBI is against.
The government's own records show that electronic surveillance is of marginal utility in preventing or solving serious crimes. It did not, for example, stop or lead to the apprehension of the Unabomber, Timothy McVeigh, or the first World Trade Center bombers. Those crimes were solved by good detective work. Serious crimes of violence, including terrorist crimes, are almost never the targets of electronic surveillance. Electronic surveillance does, however, lead to violations of the privacy rights of vast numbers of innocent Americans. According to the government's own statistics, 2.2 million conversations were intercepted in 1996, of which 1.7 million were deemed innocent by prosecutors.
Electronic surveillance is absolutely inconsistent with a free society. Free citizens must have the ability to conduct instantaneous, direct, spontaneous and private communication using whatever technology is available. Without the assurance that private communications are, indeed, private, habits based upon fear and insecurity will gradually replace habits of freedom.

@_date: 2001-09-13 18:51:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: J. Neil Schulman On I can't take it anymore .... 
I can't speak to the why since those thoughts are rarely communicated outside the FAA.  Perhaps its the Fed LEs themselves who reluctant to go through the paperwork unless they are traveling on business.

@_date: 2001-09-12 18:28:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Economic effects 
Just thinking about what the US Postal Service, Fed Ex, and UPS are doing to keep themselves going.

@_date: 2001-09-11 16:59:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: cryptorepression 
Been taking night courses at the John Young school for exposition?

@_date: 2001-09-13 02:24:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New FAA measures likely to fail as well 
[My wife worked for one of the major airlines for several years.  The following is from conversations we had regarding airport security.]
The knife ban won't work against anyone with even a smidgen of metal detector knowledge.  Anyone can purchase a razor sharp ceramic knife like this one  Without millimeter wave body scanners enforcing this one will be difficult.  Even advanced scanners may not detect objects secreted between butt cheeks or on the inside of thighs (especially if legs are fat or held together closely.)
Airline personnel will allow law enforcement agents, with proper forms, which are easily obtained, to board a flight with their firearms.  Available fake badges, laminators and photo quality printers on home PCs allow anyone with the interest, law LE demeanor and general appearance to pose as a Fed.  My wife raised concerns to her management that the gate people responsible for determining if a passenger claiming to be a LE agent was in fact an agent had no training to determine the authenticity of their credential. (Her supervisors listened, smiled and did nothing.) An FBI agent explained to her what she should look for in examining a bona fide FBI ID, but there are too many agencies accorded this privilege to make any simple training possible.  A centralized data base, with authentication capability by gate agents, of LE personnel allowed to carry firearms aboard U.S. domestic routes is needed.
Crew IDs
Both uniforms and IDs have been forged in the past and in at least one case used for a hijacking.  Authentication can and should be improved.
The people entrusted with  maintaining a safe air travel environment are minimum or low wage people with little training.  Israel airline and security personnel are much better paid and well trained (days or weeks vs. hours in the U.S.)  Isn't our safety worth more than minimum wage?

@_date: 2001-09-13 05:28:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: J. Neil Schulman On I can't take it anymore .... 
But they are.  On U.S. domestic flights they have merely to present themselves and acceptable credentials (which BTW the airline personnel are poorly trained to authenticate) and state in a form that they are traveling for LE purposes.  There are other formalities that are followed, but overall they are not restricted from carrying.

@_date: 2001-09-14 06:56:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Cnet blaming Declan 
Tried to call in but apparently David didn't want to hear anymore from our

@_date: 2001-09-15 23:03:25
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Readers Digest poll - vote now 
Unsurprisingly, here are the current results after about 4500 votes:
No carry-on luggage, except for small purses, briefcases or diaper bags
Yes 73%  No 26%
Passport inspection, even on domestic flights
Yes 75%  No 24%
Searches of all passengers using metal-detection wands
Yes 94%  No 5%
Searches of all passengers using metal-detection wands
Yes 95%  No 4%
Hand searches of all carry-on bags
Yes 86%  No 13%

@_date: 2001-09-21 23:50:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Sun Setting On Uncle Sam's IT Empire 
[Note: this is a posting from Dave Farber's IP list. Dave has some interesting points to make about the decline and fall of IT in the US.]

@_date: 2001-09-26 23:53:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Canada's justice minister preparing bill to limit 
Perhaps I incompletely understand ZKS' technology.  I thought they have structured their system to deny them data (ZK) which could be escrowed.

@_date: 2001-09-27 00:12:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Free wireless networking movement gathers speed 
[As has been mentioned before, neighborhood networks could offer one element of an anonymous ISP for secure email, web access and VoIP telephony.  Have any list members established access points?]
Free wireless networking movement gathers speed
By Ephraim Schwartz and Mark Jones
September 26, 2001 12:03 pm PT
A GRASSROOTS EFFORT to deploy free wireless networking access zones threatens to undermine the multibillion-dollar campaigns of wireless network vendors preparing to offer state-of-the-art 3G (third-generation) wireless services in major metropolitan areas.

@_date: 2001-09-30 22:45:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
This is IMHO naive.  Have you ever been in a brawl?  Unlike most silver screen fights my experience is that the first person to get in a good one usually decks the opponent and its over.  If the first one to throw the punch can sneak up on the opponent or create over confidence in the other party by getting them to think that no violent reply will be forthcoming if attacked (in New York we called that "sucker punching") then the odds of success are that much more increased.  "The Art of War" is still a good source of combat advice.

@_date: 2001-10-30 03:46:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fwd: Returned mail: Too many hops 26 (25 max): from 
[This afternoon I received a spam with an odd address in the To: field.  It had the same prefix (lvcm) as my ISP but had the .net suffix (instead of .com)  I decided on a little experiment, sending a test message and received the following results.  Does this look at all odd?  steve]

@_date: 2001-10-22 03:29:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Beefing up security at America's dams and reservoirs 
Should have used the title
Plugging security holes at America's dams and reservoirs ;-)

@_date: 2001-10-20 00:40:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: U.S. Government Shouldn't Insure Airlines 
U.S. Government Shouldn't Insure Airlines
Penelope Patsuris, Forbes.com, 10.19.01, 9:00 AM ET
NEW YORK - When government interferes with private markets, unintended and undesirable consequences always result.

@_date: 2001-10-17 17:35:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anonymity in America: Does National Security Preclude It? 
"Anonymity in America: Does National Security Preclude It?"

@_date: 2001-10-16 19:43:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: MOVES TO BLOCK INFORMATION FROM PUBLIC GO TOO FAR 
MOVES TO BLOCK INFORMATION FROM PUBLIC GO TOO FAR
Issue: Information Freedom
[Editorial] Since Sept. 11, the government has been eager to limit the
public's access to certain kinds of information. The USAToday's editorial
staff argues that "Americans are being asked to give up their rights to
information, with no evidence that it presents any real risk." They cite
examples of recent government efforts to control what the public sees, such
as President Bush's attempt to cut back the number of lawmakers who would
receive intelligence briefings, to eight of 535 members, and the
disappearance of information from some government Web sites. USAToday
suggests that these moves violate the very spirit of freedom that America is
fighting for. "They risk obliterating the checks on government decisions
that come when lawmakers and the general public know what the administration
is doing...If Americans are to continue supporting the war, it will be
crucial for them to know their enemy and know of their government's
successes and failures."
[SOURCE: USAToday, AUTHOR: ]
See Also:
CENSORSHIP MAKES SENSE
[SOURCE: USAToday, AUTHOR:]

@_date: 2001-10-16 19:37:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: STOPPING SIGNALS FROM SATELLITE TV PROVES DIFFICULT 
STOPPING SIGNALS FROM SATELLITE TV PROVES DIFFICULT
Issue: Television/Journalism
Last week, at the urging of the White House, the major television and cable
networks agreed not to run raw footage of Al Qaeda statements as they are
broadcast by the Al Jazeera network from Qatar, which appears to be Mr. bin
Laden's preferred conduit for communicating with the world. But because of
the privatization and deregulation of the international satellite business
in recent years, control of the nation's television signals is by no means
limited to the coterie of United States companies that the White House
turned to last week. In fact, the great majority of homes in the United
States have the option of receiving Al Jazeera directly using a satellite
dish antenna not much bigger than a pizza pan. For about four years, the
EchoStar Dish Network operation has been carrying Al Jazeera, in Arabic, as
a part of a premium tier of international channels. If any terrorists are in
the country waiting for televised word from Mr. bin Laden - with or without
hidden messages - last week's steps by the White House did next to nothing
to thwart them.
[SOURCE: New York Times, AUTHOR: Seth Schiesel]

@_date: 2001-10-15 05:31:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Got Cipro? 
I've created a small .jpg logo using the biohazard icon.
Contact me for copies.

@_date: 2001-10-12 04:32:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Verisecurity 
[Those of us who travel from Oakland know the security there is joke.  The firm contracted to provide security, ABC, has been put on notice by the Port of Oakland committee charged with awarding the security contracts that it would be replaced by County Sheriffs within 6 months.  This occurred after local media uncovered massive conflicts of interest and incompetence in the award process.]
Thursday October 11 09:53 PM EDT
Security Breaches at Oakland Airport
By KPIX - Roz Plater
Security at Oakland International Airport is under increasing scrutiny, after reports that several security guards were found sleeping on the job.

@_date: 2001-10-09 17:00:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: re: America needs therapy 
The Day The World Came To Its Senses?
By Bill Moore
This week, Phil Watts, the chairman of Royal Dutch Shell, gave a
remarkable speech in New York, just three weeks after the tragedy of
September 11th.
Accustomed to making and approving business decisions and technology
plans that extend decades into the future, Watts told an audience
assembled under the auspices of the United Nations Development
Program, that Shell, one of the largest oil companies in the world,
was preparing for the "End of the Hydrocarbon Age."
Read more at

@_date: 2001-10-09 03:17:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
I should have sent the table to myself first to check for readability.
How about

@_date: 2001-10-07 17:26:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BEING WATCHED: A Cautionary Tale for a New Age of Surveillance 
BEING WATCHED
A Cautionary Tale for a New Age of Surveillance
By JEFFREY ROSEN
October 7, 2001
I had gone to Britain to answer a question that seems far more
pertinent today than it did early last month: why would a free and
flourishing Western democracy wire itself up with so many
closed-circuit television cameras that it resembles the set of ''The
Real World'' or ''The Truman Show''? The answer, I discovered, was
fear of terrorism. In 1993 and 1994, two terrorist bombs planted by
the I.R.A. exploded in London's financial district, a historic and
densely packed square mile known as the City of London. In response to
widespread public anxiety about terrorism, the government decided to
install a ''ring of steel'' -- a network of closed-circuit television
cameras mounted on the eight official entry gates that control access
to the City.
Anxiety about terrorism didn't go away, and the cameras in Britain
continued to multiply. In 1994, a 2-year-old boy named Jamie Bulger
was kidnapped and murdered by two 10-year-old schoolboys, and
surveillance cameras captured a grainy shot of the killers leading
their victim out of a shopping center. Bulger's assailants couldn't,
in fact, be identified on camera -- they were caught because they
talked to their friends -- but the video footage, replayed over and
over again on television, shook the country to its core. Riding a wave
of enthusiasm for closed-circuit television, or CCTV, created by the
attacks, John Major's Conservative government decided to devote more
than three-quarters of its crime-prevention budget to encourage local
authorities to install CCTV. The promise of cameras as a magic bullet
against crime and terrorism inspired one of Major's most successful
campaign slogans: ''If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing
to fear.''
The ideal of America has from the beginning been an insistence that
your opportunities shouldn't be limited by your background or your
database; that no doors should be permanently closed to anyone who has
the wrong smart card. If the 21st century proves to be a time when
this ideal is abandoned -- a time of surveillance cameras and creepy
biometric face scanning in Times Square -- then Osama bin Laden will
have inflicted an even more terrible blow than we now imagine.

@_date: 2001-10-06 01:22:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Rethinking the design of the Internet: The end to end arguments 
"Rethinking the design of the Internet:
The end to end arguments vs. the brave new world"
Marjory S. Blumenthal Computer Science & Telecommunications Board, NRC
David D. Clark M.I.T. Lab for Computer Science ddc
A version of this paper to appear in the ACM Transactions on Internet
A version also to appear in Communications Policy in Transition: The
Internet and Beyond,
edited by Benjamin Compaine and Shane Greenstein, MIT Press, Sept. 2001
This paper looks at the Internet and the changing set of requirements
for the Internet that are emerging as it becomes more commercial, more
oriented towards the consumer, and used for a wider set of purposes. We
discuss a set of principles that have guided the design of the Internet,
called the end to end arguments, and we conclude that there is a risk
that the range of new requirements now emerging could have the
consequence of compromising the Internet's original design principles.
Were this to happen, the Internet might lose some of its key features,
in particular its ability to support new and unanticipated applications.
We link this possible outcome to a number of trends: the rise of new
stakeholders in the Internet, in particular Internet Service Providers;
new government interests; the changing motivations of the growing user
base; and the tension between the demand for trustworthy overall
operation and the inability to trust the behavior of individual users.
The end to end arguments are a set of design principles that
characterize (among other things) how the Internet has been designed.
These principles were first articulated in the early 1980s, and they
have served as an architectural model in countless design debates for
almost 20 years.
The end to end arguments concern how application requirements should be
met in a system. When a general purpose system (for example, a network
or an operating system) is built, and specific applications are then
built using this system (for example, e-mail or the World Wide Web over
the Internet), there is a question of how these specific applications
and their required supporting services should be designed. The end to
end arguments suggest that specific application-level functions usually
cannot, and preferably should not, be built into the lower levels of the
system-the core of the network. The reason why was stated as follows in
the original paper:
"The function in question can completely and correctly be implemented
only with the knowledge and help of the application standing at the
endpoints of the communications system. Therefore, providing that
questioned function as a feature of the communications systems itself is
not possible."
In the original paper, the primary example of this end to end reasoning
about application functions is the assurance of accurate and reliable
transfer of information across the network. Even if any one lower level
subsystem, such as a network, tries hard to ensure reliability, data can
be lost or corrupted after it leaves that subsystem. The ultimate check
of correct execution has to be at the application level, at the
endpoints of the transfer. There are many examples of this observation
in practice.
Even if parts of an application-level function can potentially be
implemented in the core of the network, the end to end arguments state
that one should resist this approach if possible. There are a number of
advantages of moving application-specific functions up out of the core
of the network and providing only general-purpose system services there.
o The complexity of the core network is reduced, which reduces costs and
facilitates future upgrades to the network.
o Generality in the network increases the chances that a new application
can be added without having to change the core of the network.
o Applications do not have to depend on the successful implementation
and operation of application-specific services in the network, which may
increase their reliability.
Of course, the end to end arguments are not offered as an absolute.
There are functions that can only be implemented in the core of the
network, and issues of efficiency and performance may motivate
core-located features. Features that enhance popular applications can be
added to the core of the network in such a way that they do not prevent
other applications from functioning. But the bias toward movement of
function "up" from the core and "out" to the edge node has served very
well as a central Internet design principle.
As a consequence of the end to end arguments, the Internet has evolved
to have certain characteristics. The functions implemented "in" the
Internet-by the routers that forward packets-have remained rather simple
and general. The bulk of the functions that implement specific
applications, such as e-mail, the World Wide Web, multi-player games,
and so on, have been implemented in software on the computers attached
to the "edge" of the Net. The edge-orientation for applications and
comparative simplicity within the Internet together have facilitated the
creation of new applications, and they are part of the context for
innovation on the Internet.
Moving away from end to end
For its first 20 years, much of the Internet's design has been shaped by
the end to end arguments. To a large extent, the core of the network
provides a very general data transfer service, which is used by all the
different applications running over it. The individual applications have
been designed in different ways, but mostly in ways that are sensitive
to the advantages of the end to end design approach. However, over the
last few years, a number of new requirements have emerged for the
Internet and its applications. To certain stakeholders, these various
new requirements might best be met through the addition of new mechanism
in the core of the network. This perspective has, in turn, raised
concerns among those who wish to preserve the benefits of the original
Internet design.
[One particularly civil liberty oriented except--]
The rise of third-party involvement: An increasingly visible issue is the demand by third
parties to interpose themselves between communicating end-points, irrespective of the desires of
the ends. Third parties may include officials of organizations (e.g., corporate network or ISP
administrators implementing organizational policies or other oversight) or officials of
governments, whose interests may range from taxation to law enforcement and public safety.
When end-points want to communicate, but some third party demands to interpose itself into the
path without their agreement, the end to end arguments do not provide an obvious framework to
reason about this situation. We must abandon the end to end arguments, reject the demand of a
third party because it does not "fit" our technical design principles, or find another design
approach that preserves the power of the end to end arguments as much as Continued at:

@_date: 2001-10-05 23:06:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Very nice article on Antennas and 802.11 
Antennas Enhance WLAN Security
By Trevor Marshall
October 1, 2001
Antennas are most often used to increase the range of WLAN (wireless
LAN) systems, but proper antenna selection can also enhance the
security of your WLAN. A properly chosen and positioned antenna can
reduce the signal leaking out of your workspace, and make interception
extremely difficult.
In this article, I analyze the signal of different antenna designs,
and how the positioning of the user's antenna makes a difference in
signal reception.

@_date: 2001-10-03 00:56:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: and now for something completely different... 
Princeton University has for a while been host to a number of computerized studies of random number generators. The Princeton Engineering Anomalies Research Lab (PEAR) is one. Another of them is the Global Consciousness Project (GCP), whose data is available on the web at  .
The GCP has a network of 40 random number generators (called eggs) around the world, creating numbers at the rate of 200 per second each. During events of global import, the project has noticed statistically significant variations from complete randomness in the numbers generated. The most intense global event measured by this system was the recent World Trade Center attack. It was not just a reported event. For the first time in history, a globally connected population watched on TV as 6000 people were killed in real time. This produced a correspondingly intense activity in the GCP network.
The site contains detailed statistical analysis of the data (as well as the raw data itself), and is worth a look.
Here is a quote from the narrative that accompanies it:
"When we ask why the disaster in New York and Washington and Pennsylvania should appear to be responsible for a strong signal in our world-wide network of instruments designed to generate random noise, there is no obvious answer. When we look carefully and discover that the eggs might reflect our shock and dismay even before our minds and hearts express it, we confront a still deeper mystery.
This network, which we designed as a metaphoric EEG for the planet, responded as if it were measuring brain waves on a planetary scale. We do not know if there is such a thing as a global consciousness, but if there is, it was moved by the events of September 11, 2001. We do not know how, but it appears that the coherence and intensity of our common reaction created a sustained pulse of order in the random flow of numbers from our instruments. These patterns where there should be none look like reflections of our concentrated focus, as the riveting events drew us from our individual concerns and melded us into an extraordinary coherence. Maybe we became, briefly, a global consciousness."

@_date: 2001-10-02 04:24:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
Beam density of the project I'm aware is estimated as 23mW/cm2 at the center of the rectenna and 1mw/cm2 at the rectenna edge.

@_date: 2001-10-02 04:04:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
While I agree that all non-oil energy has, until recently, been more expensive its been a self-fulfilling prophesy.  If you don't make the investments or provide the incentives to innovation then progress is slow or stopped.  Breakthroughs in efficiency and economics are finally being made but their delayed arrival can be laid directly on the doorstep of Congress and past administration inattention.
-Wind power is finally competitive with on-grid fossil fuel plants (i.e. $0.04 - $0.05/KWh).
-Improvements in fuel cell efficiency and fuel choice  should make them competitive within a decade for transportation, on-grid and off-grid applications.
-Solar, while still not yet competitive with fossil fuel on-grid is steadily improving.  (Off-grid its already competitive.)  Recent, non-public developments, should enable substantial commercial breakthroughs As Tim and others have pointed out oil only looks cheap if all the costs are not exposed at the pump.  The most cost-effective measures to energy reform are conservation but since consumers and business have been shielded from directly/visibly bearing much of the true costs for petroleum-based power production the market signals were absent and conservation was too often ignored.
A link to what could be saved with reasonable and currently available consumer and commercial choices   One of the philosophical sources for RMI is Natural Capitalism   Has anyone on the list read this work or have an opinion?

@_date: 2001-10-02 03:45:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
Research in geosynchronous power satellites is still being funded.  One program, started in Japan but which is now also funded by NASA, uses 5.7 GHz transmission to a ground based RECifying anTENNAs.  Another project intends to use IR lasers.  My understanding is these projects are receiving serious funding and prototypes should fly soon.

@_date: 2001-10-02 15:34:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
Apparently the engineers for these project differ with you.
  GEO is only packed for communications applications.  Physically, most of it is very sparsely populated.
Active focus and tracking, via a LED, is part of the GEO project as well.

@_date: 2001-10-03 21:49:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
The trouble with Google and most other spiders is that they cannot access the DBs behind the sites.  Various industry estimates place the amount of data not accessible to crawlers at up to 500x the html content.  What's needed are open access data mining sites using more sophisticated crawlers like

@_date: 2001-10-03 22:25:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Nifty secret bank system 
You'll notice the cost of money transfers using this private system are well below international bank wires.  If governments want to reduce/eliminate this "illicit" competition they should fully underwrite the cost of international wires below a certain threshold (say $10,000).

@_date: 2001-10-04 20:37:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: ZKS Shutdown 
Seems like the Ghost of Ecash Past claims another victim.  I'm sure Bob Hettinga will soon latch on to this one as another reason why a good venture failed.  I wonder if Hush is next.
As discussed on this list recently there is a keen need for anonymizing (a'la Crowds) to be added to a popular P2P service.  Has the Crowds source been published/leaked?

@_date: 2001-10-04 20:14:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: ZKS Shutdown 
Did ZKS ever release their source code?  Might it be resurrected?

@_date: 2001-10-09 02:34:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
[Reformatted for legibility.  When posting tables, use spaces, not tabs,
keep total width <= 73 characters, and compose in a monospaced font,
unless specifying field delimiters.  KMSelf]
[From some consumer spec comparisons to a RO unit I use]
Types Of Drinking Water Appliances & Pollutants Removed
Pollutant      Sediment Activated Reverse Distil-  De-Ion-  UV
                 Filter   Carbon  Osmosis  ation   ization
  Sodium           No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Arsenic          No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Lead             No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Cadmium          No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Cysts            No       Some     Yes     Yes     No      Yes
    (Crypotosporidium)
  Sulfates         No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Calcium          No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  (Hardness)
  Magnesium        No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
    (Hardness)
  Phosphates       No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Chlorides        No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Florides         No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Alkalinity       No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Fecal Bacteria   No        Most    Yes     Yes     No      Yes
  Viruses          No        No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes
  Organics         Yes       Yes     Yes     Yes     No      No
  Trialomethanes   No        Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
  Trichloroethlene No        Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
  Ph Factor        No        No      Neutr  Neutrl  Neutr    No
  Radioactive      No        No      Yes     No      No      No
     Contaminates
  Chlorine         No        Yes     Yes     Most    No      No
  Pesticides       No        Yes     Yes     Yes     No      No
  Sediment         Yes       Most    Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Unpleasant       No        Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
    Taste/Odor

@_date: 2001-10-09 01:15:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
[From some consumer spec comparisons to a RO unit I use]
Types Of Drinking Water Appliances & Pollutants Removed
Pollutant       Sediment        Activated       Reverse Distil- De-Ion- UV
         Filter  Carbon  Osmosis ation   ization
Sodium  No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Arsenic         No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Lead    No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Cadmium         No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Cysts   No      Some    Yes     Yes     No      Yes
   (Crypotosporidium)
Sulfates        No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Calcium (Hardness)      No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Magnesium       No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
   (Hardness)
Phosphates      No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Chlorides       No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Florides        No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Alkalinity      No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Fecal Bacteria  No      Most    Yes     Yes     No      Yes
Viruses         No      No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes
Organics        Yes     Yes     Yes     Yes     No      No
Trialomethanes  No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
Trichloroethlene        No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
Ph Factor       No      No      Neutralizes     Neutralizes     Neutralizes   No
Radioactive     No      No      Yes     No      No      No
   Contaminates
Chlorine        No      Yes     Yes     Most    No      No
Pesticides      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No      No
Sediment        Yes     Most    Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Unpleasant      No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
   Taste/Odor

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:10:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: fwd: New fashion trend 
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type image/jpeg which had a name of Please don't hurt me.jpg"; x-mac-type="4A504547"; x-mac-creator="4A565752]

@_date: 2001-10-09 00:44:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: New fashion trend 
Roger that.
If anyone would like a copy of a fairly funny, small, .jpg send me some  email.

@_date: 2001-10-11 06:21:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: Google and the Net 
Since the Mojo space is not included within those of the Web how would this recursion take place?

@_date: 2001-10-10 01:33:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Google and the Net 
This is actually an excellent application front end for a Mojo Nation type system, as the data is redundant and distributed.

@_date: 2001-10-12 03:40:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Feingold amendment 
The Feindgold amendment to S1510 (The Senate Anti-Terrorism Bill), which would have subjected LE requests for personal (medical, educational and library) and business records to a higher level of judicial scrutiny and stricter state provisions, was just tabled (defeated) by a vote of 89 to 8.  Our only hope is in the House-Senate committee charged with working out differences between the two bills.

@_date: 2001-10-12 04:35:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: FC: FBI posts "skyfall" terrorism alert, says, oops, we'll 
I would be at all surprised if this alarming but useless announcement was meant to pressure Congress to keep the strictest measures in the anti-terrorism legislation before it.

@_date: 2001-10-14 01:07:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anthrax Theater opens in San Jose 
UA flight 1669 from Chicago landed safely about 3:00 pm.  Initial reports were of a white powdery substance being released into the air ducts by a man of middle eastern decent.  The plane has been surrounded by hazmat crews.  The 80+ passengers are still aboard.  The air conditioning had been turned off (its in the 90s on the tarmac right now).
I local LE spokesman just got on to say there was no powdery substance released, but rather some confetti from a greeting card.  So why are the passengers still aboard?

@_date: 2001-10-14 07:12:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: A REALLY DIFFERENT terrorist threat view. 
Quite likely hogwash, but you may admit that science can be as political as any profession and that some of the most important breakthroughs in science were scorned by the establishment of their time (e.g., plate tectonics).
I have an interesting book I've mentioned before on the list, "Causality, Electromagnetic Induction and Gravitation," by Oleg Jefimenko  A physicist who has spent some time in  this told field me that Jefimenko's book is brilliant but it has been mostly ignored by many in the scientific  From the publisher info:
"This book is a strikingly new exploration of the fundamentals of Maxwell's electromagnetic theory and of Newton's theory of gravitation. Starting with an analysis of causality in the phenomenon of electromagnetic induction, the author discovers a series of heretofore unknown or overlooked electromagnetic interdependencies and equations. One of the most notable new results is the discovery that Maxwell's equations do not depict cause and effect relations between electromagnetic phenomena: causal dependencies in electromagnetic phenomena are found to be described by solutions of Maxwell's equations in the form of retarded electric and magnetic field integrals. A consequence of this discovery is that, contrary to the generally accepted view, time-variable electric and magnetic fields cannot cause each other and that both fields are simultaneously created by their true causative sources -- time-dependent electric charges and currents. Another similarly important discovery is that Lenz's law of electromagnetic induction is a manifestation of the previously ignored electric force produced by the time-dependent electric currents. These discoveries lead to important new methods of calculations of various electromagnetic effects in time- depended electromagnetic systems. The new methods are demonstrated by a variety of illustrative examples. Continuing his analysis of causal electromagnetic relations, the author finds that these relations are closely associated with the law of momentum conservation, and that with the help of the law of momentum conservation one can analyze causal..."

@_date: 2001-10-15 05:33:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Get results 
I've created a non-PC Qaeda  "ad"  suitable for Forbes or Fortune (large .jpg)
The first 10 callers get one ;-)

@_date: 2001-10-17 02:36:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The "traitor" fires back 
{ Another example how dissent is being labeled as "unpatriotic". Its very scary as it seems that most people, particularly in government and the media have forgotten that freedom of speech, different views and opinions are supposed to be the foundation of democracy }
The "traitor" fires back Denounced as a fifth columnist by the right,
Susan Sontag blasts America's cowlike media and scaremongering leaders

@_date: 2001-10-18 18:29:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody.. 
Unfortunately for all of us the ones that slip through now have the force of law and the wall of silence behind them.

@_date: 2001-10-18 22:36:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Airlines - the newest members of the international 
They don't, they're just enforcing their property rights ;-)

@_date: 2001-10-22 20:17:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
One of the great long term hopes for nanotechnology is the "cornucopia" or StarTrek replicator, a device which can "manufacture" from raw materials and information a broad variety of consumables and hard goods.  If it ever does come about and is not something centrally controlled and monitored a 'la Stephenson's Diamond Age, it could usher in an age of individual sovereignty the likes of which the world as not known since its transition from hunter gatherer to agriculture.  It might also spell the end of economy.

@_date: 2001-10-22 03:27:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
Actually its not the wages, which may quite attractive for these workers and their skills, but the intimidation and occasional violence used to recruit and maintain employees, keep them from organizing and the government support or blind eyes which take me aback.  It reminded me of the tyranny of the coal mining companies in West Virginia circa 1880's.
I've actually spoken to a few Central American women who worked in these factories and the conversations left an indelible memory.  I'm not ready to abandon my support of laissez-faire capitalism or globalism.  Perhaps these painful personal experiences are all for the best in the long term, I certainly don't have a better solution to improving their lot, but it has caused me to think about the price some pay.

@_date: 2001-10-20 20:17:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
Unfortunately, many citizens in the developing world are not party to these "voluntary" exchanges, but are directly affected.  I've read the reports of the many low wage sweat shop jobs, mainly performed by young women, in these countries and that their alternative is worse.  In a way one could portray their situations as dismal but not dire, sort of along the on-screen comments of Arthur to the prostitute is dinning with "... so you might say you're having a relatively good time?"
In the short term economic inequalities and human rights abuses may be exacerbated (e.g., the fate of rural mainland Chinese).  The long-term effects of globalization are as yet unknown.
Agreed, but wealth is only one measure of human happiness and the jury is still out on whether the vast majority of those indirectly affected by globalization will find it has been in their best interests.

@_date: 2001-10-20 00:35:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
If you read the CP archives a bit you'll see I am not clueless in this regard (e.g., the "America need therapy" thread)  I fear the maxim "Pride goeth before the fall" may well be nailed to our country's headstone.
The direction of all recent administrations has been to expand globalization (i.e., interdependency) thus increasing economic risks and narrowing diplomatic choices.  In the short term, and we have no idea what the long term consequences will be, globalization as its now practiced has is some ways behaved similarly to welfare state income redistribution, creating dependencies, poverty and resentment.
Da nada

@_date: 2001-10-21 01:30:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
It creates new opportunities for portable EMP "writers"

@_date: 2001-10-24 15:47:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_MATT_DRUDGE_//_DRUDGE_REPORT_2001=AE?= 
Hillary "smarm with out the charm" Clinton is finally being treated to the welcome she deserves.  If Ruddi hadn't dropped out or the Repos hadn't run such a weak candidate the voters would surely had sent her packing.  Next election should be interesting.
We recorded that VH-1 show and not unexpectedly she was not to be seen (the booing lasted her entire time on the stage).  Ah, ha!

@_date: 2001-10-25 18:15:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Cost of Oil 
[Forbes catches up to cypherpunks]
Americans are paying a bigger price than they know for cheap gas.
Charles Dubow

@_date: 2001-11-23 18:24:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto-Financial Paradox 
Nah..  bearer shares are legal for any common Nevada corporation.

@_date: 2001-11-23 18:24:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: John Dean: The Problems With Bush's Executive Order Burying 
"While secrecy is necessary to fight a war, it is not necessary
to run the country. I can assure you from firsthand experience that a
President acting secretly usually does not have the best interest of
Americans in mind. It is his own personal interest that is on his mind
Hiding Past And Present Presidencies:
The Problems With Bush's Executive Order Burying Presidential Records
By JOHN DEAN
Friday, Nov. 09, 2001
On November 1, President George W. Bush signed his latest effort to
govern by secrecy - Executive Order 13233. For good reason this Order
has a lot of historians, journalists, and Congresspersons (both
Republican and Democratic) upset.
The Order ends 27 years of Congressional and judicial efforts to make
Presidential papers and records publicly available. In issuing the
Order, the President has pushed his lawmaking powers beyond their
The Secret Presidency
As President watchers know, we have a President who likes secrecy. He
has hired only tested leak-proof and loyal staffers, effectively
sealing the Bush White House. He has had his records as the Governor
of Texas hidden, shipping them off to his father's Presidential
library, where they are inaccessible. He has stiffed the Congressional
requests for information about how he developed his energy policy -
refusing to respond.
No President can govern in a fishbowl. But not since Richard Nixon
went to work in the Oval Office has there been as concentrated an
effort to keep the real work of a President hidden, showing the public
only a scripted President, as now. While this effort was evident
before the September 11th terrorist attacks, the events of that day
have become the justification for even greater secrecy.
The mystical veil of "national security" has been cast over much of
the Bush administration. There were the secret arrests of
terror-related suspects (currently over 1000 publicly unknown
people). There was the expansion of the wiretap granting powers of a
secret federal court hidden within the Department of Justice. There
was, and continues to be, an apparent policy of precluding news
organizations and congressional leaders from access to anything other
than managed and generic news about the war in Afghanistan.
With all these moves, President Bush is brushing aside one historical
tradition of openness after another. It is in this context that the
President's latest action must be viewed.
The Executive Order suggests that President Bush not only does not
want Americans to know what he is doing, but he also does not want to
worry that historians and others will someday find out. Certainly that
is the implicit message in his new effort to preclude public access to
Presidential papers - his, and those of all Presidents since the
Reagan-Bush administration. There is, however, no justification
whatsoever for this latest effort to hide the work of past, present,
and future Presidents.
What Bush's Executive Action Means
There has been some confusion about the meaning of the President's
actions in addressing Presidential papers. He has not repealed the
existing law, as some have asserted, because he does not have that
power. But he has sought to significantly modify the law, and made its
procedures far more complex, cumbersome and restrictive. In doing so,
he has exceeded his executive powers under the Presidential Records
Act of 1978.
White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer has tried, unsuccessfully,
to spin Executive Order 13233 as doing nothing more than implementing
the existing law, but in fact, the Order does much more. Perhaps
unsurprisingly, when pressed during his briefing, Mr.  Fleischer
dodged the tough questions, or said "that's a matter for the lawyers."
Fleischer contention that the Order is innocuous would not hold up
under close scrutiny, and so he avoided that scrutiny.
Attorney Scott Nelson's Testimony Against the Order
One lawyer who appreciates exactly what has been done is Washington
attorney Scott L. Nelson, who represents Public Citizen, the public
advocacy group that flushed out the Nixon papers during several
decades of litigation. Mr. Nelson knows these laws well because
Richard Nixon was his client for 15 years ironically, much of that
time fighting Public Citizen. Indeed, Scott Nelson has been involved
in the litigation that has shaped the body of law that President Bush
has ignored in issuing his Executive Order.
On November 6, Nelson appeared before a subcommittee of the House
Committee on Government Reform, chaired by Congressman Stephen Horn,
to address the new Bush Order. He explained in detail its flaws -
which I have only summarized below, by highlighting a few examples of
how the Bush Order ignores, or seeks to change, the law.
The Presidential Records Act
Under the 1978 Presidential Records Act, virtually all of a former
President's records are to be made publicly available by the Archivist
twelve years after that President leaves office. There are narrow
exceptions for papers that still must be withheld for national
security reasons.
But the 1978 statute specifically states that among the material to be
released by the Archives twelve years after a President leaves office
are his confidential and private communications with his advisers
(White House staff and Cabinet Departments). The existing law does not
provide an exception for withholding "attorney-client" or "attorney
work product" materials.
The New Executive Order: Adding Presidential Privileges to Those in
the Act
Through Executive Order 13233, President Bush has sought to
re-interpret the 1978 law. To put it briefly, the Order adds and
enumerates privileges upon which a former or incumbent President can
block release of a former President's materials.
In claiming that the Order does not contradict the Records Act, Bush
relies on a clause in the Act that states that it does not "confirm,
limit, or expand constitutionally-based privileges which may be
available to an incumbent or former President."
Bush's lawyers read this clause as bringing into play all of the
privileges the law has precluded. They cite specifically the Supreme
Court's 1977 holding in Nixon v. Administrator of General Services,
which says that a former President can exert executive privilege.
The 1978 law only recognizes the enumerated privileges set forth in
the Freedom Of Information Act. Nevertheless, Bush's Executive Order
makes clear that he reads the law as entitling a former or incumbent
President to assert a laundry list of privileges: the state secrets or
national security privilege; the communications with advisors
privilege, the attorney-client and attorney work product privileges,
and the deliberative process privilege.
Shifting the Burden, and Adding Extra Procedures
President Bush has also shifted the burden from the former President
to the person seeking the material. Under the Executive Order, the
person seeking material must show that he should be given it; it is no
longer necessary for the former President to show why material must
not be disclosed.
Bush's Executive Order also takes the Archivist of the United States
out of the role of deciding if a former President's invocation of
privilege should or should not be honored. That role is now assigned
to the incumbent President. And obviously, it is likely that
Presidents - wanting successors to honor their own invocations of
privilege - might tend to accept former President's claims.
The new Executive Order also creates an elaborate procedure for an
incumbent President to block his predecessor from releasing
documents. In addition, under Bush's order, a former President can
indefinitely block release of his material, which is not possible
under existing law.
Another added benefit for former Presidents is this: When the
incumbent President agrees with the former President about his
decision to not release records, the incumbent President (through the
Department of Justice) will defend the privilege against attack. That
saves the former President what can be significant legal expenses for
attorney's fees to contest the case in court.
A New Power for Vice Presidents
While Scott Nelson did not mention it in his testimony, the most
remarkable change the Executive Order effects is that it gives not
just a President, but also a Vice President, the power to invoke
executive privilege over his papers.
The Presidential Records Act includes Vice Presidential records. But
it does not give a former Vice President the right to invoke executive
privilege - for Congress does not have the power to do so.
Indeed, under the Constitution, the executive privilege is unique to
the President. Bush's Order is nothing less than absurd in purporting
to grant the power to invoke this privilege to the Vice President,
(and may only feed suspicion that Dick Cheney's role is more
Presidential than may be appropriate to his office).
The Effect of The New Executive Order
President Bush has not stated why he revoked the existing Executive
Order (Number 12667) addressing Presidential Records. President Reagan
issued the Order in 1989 after studying the law for almost eight years
of his presidency. Many believed Reagan's Order went beyond the
law. Yet President Clinton did not challenge or change it during his
eight years in office.
Ironically, if President Clinton - not President Bush - had been the
one who issued this new Executive Order, Republicans in Congress would
no doubt have called for his impeachment for failure to execute the
laws (that is, failure to abide by the Presidential Records Act.)
Just as Clinton's assertions of privilege in court were repeatedly
questioned - and even argued by some to be abuse of process or even
obstruction of justice - Clinton's extension of Presidential
privileges through an Executive Order would have faced heavy
criticism.  But when Bush takes the same action - especially now, with
his new popularity - the criticism is highly modulated in tone.
Why Bush Apparently Issued the New Executive Order
What appears to have provoked President Bush's action is the fact that
some 68,000 documents from the Reagan presidency were waiting at the
White House when Bush arrived, ready for release by the National
These documents passed the twelve-year deadline for public release on
January 12, 2001, but their release has been stalled by the Bush White
House until now. The documents are believed to contain records that
Papa Bush, as Reagan's Vice President, is not happy to have made
public. They also contain papers of others now working for Bush, who
might be embarrassed by their release.
Look for either Papa Bush, or someone designated by former President
Reagan, to object to any of these 68,000 documents' release pursuant
to the new Executive Order. If that happens, it will confirm my guess
as to why the Order was written at this time. The effect will be to
tie the release of those records up for years.
The most certain effect of this new Order will be litigation. The
Order will be tested in court, if the President does not withdraw it
as requested by both Republicans and Democrats in the Congress. And
should the Order not be overturned by the courts, I believe Congress
will act. In fact, Congress could act even before the courts resolve
these matters.
In short, the prospects for Bush's Executive Order 13233 remaining the
law of the land is slim to none.
A Troubling Penchant For Secrecy
More troubling than the Order's throwing a monkey wrench into the
process of releasing Presidential papers, however, is the President's
penchant for secrecy. Secrecy provokes the question of what is being
hidden and why.
If President Bush continues with his Nixon-style secrecy, I suspect
voters will give him a Nixon-style vote of no confidence come
2004. While secrecy is necessary to fight a war, it is not necessary
to run the country. I can assure you from firsthand experience that a
President acting secretly usually does not have the best interest of
Americans in mind. It is his own personal interest that is on his mind
The Bush administration would do well to remember the admonition of
former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan in his report on government
secrecy: "Behind closed doors, there is no guarantee that the most
basic of individual freedoms will be preserved. And as we enter the
21st Century, the great fear we have for our democracy is the
enveloping culture of government secrecy and the corresponding
distrust of government that follows."
John Dean, a FindLaw columnist, is a former Counsel to the President
of the United States. His most recent book, The Rehnquist Choice: The
Untold Story of the Nixon Appointment That Redefined the Supreme
Court, was just published by the Free Press.

@_date: 2001-11-22 07:51:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: No Thumbprint, No Rental Car 
No Thumbprint, No Rental Car
Dollar Rent A Car is currently making customers give a thumbprint before they give them the keys, another example of biometrics being used for ID

@_date: 2001-11-18 07:44:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: ATM Fiends On A Spree Of Rip-Offs 
In earlier ATMs, such as Citicorp manufactured models, all the I/O components were separate and the signals between them could either be captured by a Y-cable or a cable with a small hidden xmitter or by their unintended RF radiations.  Newer ATMs, I believe, integrate the keypad with the crypto processor and attempt to reduce opportunities for PIN interception.  ATM magstripe reader data, since it is available to any stripe reader on a credit authorization terminal, may not be as well protected.  Though since you need both to pull off a card spoofing scam, it would seem prudent to secure that data as well.

@_date: 2001-11-18 06:08:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Recording Artists File Brief Against RIAA 
Recording Artists File Brief Against RIAA
 "The Recording Artists' Coalition, which includes such luminaries as Bruce Springsteen, Don Henley, and Sheryl Crow, is still annoyed about the "Work for Hire" legislation we heard about in August 2000. They've filed a brief in the Napster cases, urging the court not to accept the RIAA's copyright registration documents as proof of ownership, because accepting the documents would allow the music cartel to sneakily destroy artists' claims to the music they recorded. They don't take a stand on other issues we might be interested in, but it's still worth thinking about. If the artists are against the RIAA, then whom exactly does the RIAA represent? Some quotes and info are on Siliconvalley.com."

@_date: 2001-11-16 23:07:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Life, Liberty, and Whoop-de-do! 
Life, Liberty, and Whoop-de-do!
P.J. O'Rourke, Forbes ASAP, 12.03.01
In which our man in mirth declares a new kind of independence
Much of the world is confused and infuriated by America. And I contend that happiness is the source of the confusion and fury. Other countries are established upon pride, power, nationality, blood, and religion. Not America. Pursuit of happiness is what we're all about. It's front and center in our charter, an inalienable right; the Declaration of Independence says so. No talk of happiness appears in England's Magna Carta. The French Revolution's Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen fails to address the subject. Article 24 of the United Nations' Universal Declaration of Human Rights does state, "Everyone has the right to rest and leisure, including... periodic holidays with pay." But this is not the same as the pursuit of happiness--as anyone who has wasted a vacation dragging whiny children on a tour of United Nations headquarters knows.

@_date: 2001-11-10 15:59:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: FC: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from 
[Sorry for the long delay in posting this.  It was accidentally left queued in my Out box.]
Much of this is a result of too much Federal authority, almost all of it based on "creative" interpretations of the Commerce Clause.  Has the FAA's constitutional authority ever been challenged?  Those that oppose these travel restrictions need an effective alternative to airlines.  Something along the lines of a VTOL air taxi could replace some short haul airport traffic.  Ideally these taxis would be entirely automated, accept cash and keep no record on customers.  Its too bad companies like SoloTrek  and Moller  haven't been able to "get off the ground" ;-)

@_date: 2001-11-04 03:02:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: FC: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from 
If the information provided in the article and your interview is reasonably accurate I suggest the Green Party, which is fairly popular in Maine, and others who oppose this sort of McCarthyesque law enforcement take direct action against them.  By that I mean they identify the "thugs", including towns and photos, and invite the opposition to shun them in every legal way possible (e.g., denying them service at restaurants, shops, service stations, etc.)

@_date: 2001-11-08 07:10:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Enemy at the Door 
While I agree that spotting a low process gain, large, signal is straightforward with simple TSCM, locating a low power, high process gain signal (especially one which uses channel estimation techniques prior to transmission, for example "Low probability of intercept communication system," US Pat. No. 5,029,184) can thwart most TSCM tools.

@_date: 2001-11-08 06:25:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Enemy at the Door 
At 2.4 GHz there is little need for a parabolic to achieve 12dB or more gain.  Small, flat, slot and yaggis may be constructed on circuit boards and placed in innocuous enclosures and even hidden in walls.
10-20 dB amps for 2.4 are readily available and relatively inexpensive.

@_date: 2001-11-08 06:06:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: kuro5hin.org || An Introduction to Moral Theory 
I think this was the story line behind "The Day the Earth Stood Still".

@_date: 2001-11-16 22:22:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Who Authorized This? 
Who Authorized This?
Andrew Sullivan, Forbes ASAP, 12.03.01
Why does the United States elicit such extreme hatred in some parts of the What America is based on is not the achievement of some goal, the capture of some trophy, or the triumph of success. It's about the process of seeking something. It's about incompletion, dissatisfaction, striving, imperfection. In the late 18th century, this was a statement in itself. In the Europe of the preceding centuries, armies had gone to war, human beings had been burned at stakes, monarchs had been dethroned, and countries torn apart because imperfection wasn't enough. From the Inquisition to the Reformation, religious fanatics had demanded that the state enforce holiness, truth, and virtue. Those who resisted were exterminated. Moreover, the power and status of rulers derived from their own perfection. Kings and queens commanded artists to portray them as demi-gods. Dissenters were not merely troublemakers; they were direct threats to the perfect order of the modern state. This was a political order in which everything had to be perfectly arranged, even down to the internal thoughts of individual consciences.

@_date: 2001-11-17 17:06:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Interestingly enough, the United States government conducted a controlled experiment called the Nth Country Experiment to see how much effort was actually required to develop a viable fission weapon design starting from nothing. In this experiment, which ended on 10 April 1967, three newly graduated physics students were given the task of developing a detailed weapon design using only public domain information. The project reached a successful conclusion, that is, they did develop a viable design (detailed in the classified report UCRL-50248) after expending only three man-years of effort over two and a half calendar years. In the years since, much more information has entered the public domain so that the level of effort required has obviously dropped further.
This experiment established an upper limit on the required level of effort that is so low that the hope that lack of information may provide even a small degree of protection from proliferation is clearly a futile one.

@_date: 2001-11-17 05:08:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
My recollection is that all Uranium metal isotopes are much harder and denser than steel.  That's why depleted uranium
238 its used for armor piercing ammunition.

@_date: 2001-11-23 18:24:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
A good recent example is Warren Buffett calling for an FDIC-style government insurance against terrorism.  In the sweet name of self-interest he proposes that the government increase existing insurance moral hazards by forcing all citizens to underwrite those who have chosen to live or work in higher risk areas.
I'M in the insurance business -- an expensive place to be in the past couple of months. It was made costly for Berkshire Hathaway, the company I run, because I did something very dumb: allowed Berkshire to provide insurance coverage for a huge catastrophe loss without its getting a premium for doing so. The risk we unthinkingly assumed was a loss from Given the degree of my error, I was lucky: We estimate our Sept. 11 loss at Berkshire to have been ``only'' about $2.3 billion. That's more, by far, than we've ever lost from a single catastrophe, but the toll could have been far larger. Indeed, had a nuclear device been available to Osama bin Laden, the loss could have bankrupted most of the insurance industry.
A potential loss of almost infinite magnitude can be assumed only by an entity of almost-infinite resources. That entity doesn't exist in the private sector. Only the U.S. government fits the bill.
Washington has accepted this proposition to a point. Congress is now agonizingly trying to create some sort of industry-government coalition that would insure losses from terrorism.
Some proposals limit the government's liability but leave the risk for the industry open-ended. These proposals won't work: If unlimited liability is left with insurers, they will necessarily refuse to renew policies they see potentially leading them to bankruptcy.
Equally bad, all the proposals now being considered will engender pricing based upon risk exposure: If a business is located in a high-risk spot, it will be asked to pay a staggering price for insurance. Risk-based pricing is normally equitable and desirable. In this case, though, it would have anti-social consequences.
For example, the terrorism risk per dollar of insured value may be 10 or more times for iconic or critical properties in New York City what it is for properties in less-populated areas. But great cities are central to our society. We don't want them to wither under the burden of hugely disadvantageous insurance costs. Their citizens almost certainly bear above-normal physical risks in the terrorist war being waged upon us; we shouldn't impose crippling economic costs on them as well.
We should adopt the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. as a model for where we want to head in the insurance industry. The rationale for the FDIC, formed 68 years ago, was clear-cut: The United States sorely needed to eliminate bank runs and the financial panics they caused. Before the FDIC, the risk from bank failures resided with depositors, who had no way to shed it.
Neither they nor their banks could lay that risk off on private insurers for two reasons. First, the dollar amounts involved were simply too large; second, losses were correlated, in the sense that the failure of a few banks frequently caused a chain reaction, toppling good banks with bad, leaving a mountain of economic damage. Fortunately, these punishing disruptions to our economy were ended by the advent of FDIC insurance.
Now, millions of business owners, individuals, landlords and lenders bear the economic risk of terrorist attacks. Insurers won't assume the risk -- we were previously dumb, but we've learned. It isn't right, though, that these risk-laden millions should have to shoulder this burden themselves.
If we were to adopt an FDIC model for handling terrorism, the insurance industry would not be permitted to earn a dime from the coverage. Instead, a premium tax, payable to the U.S. Treasury, would be levied on all insurance. This would have the equitable effect of spreading the terrorism-related cost to the country in general, just as we spread defense Were such a proposal enacted, it should sharply limit private lawsuits seeking to place blame on some party involved -- an airline, say. We should want the Treasury to make payments to victims solely to compensate them for loss of property, life or direct earnings, without worrying about fault. The law also should cover war losses.
Some people will argue that an FDIC model for insurance would be a socialistic intrusion into the private sector, yet that institution is today generally regarded as having been enormously beneficial. Once, the problem was bank runs and economic panics; we found an innovative solution. Today, the problem is terrorism and its capricious effects on insurance costs; we need a solution of comparable efficacy.
Warren Buffett is chairman of the board of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a diversified company with insurance operations, and a director of the Washington Post Co., which has an investment in Berkshire Hathaway. This was written for the Post.
At 08:46 PM 11/21/01 -0800, Petro
Libertarians are for "free markets", which are inherently many Those are philosophical parasites.  Like a congressvermin who
on liberty and once in office destroys it.
A good recent example is Warren Buffett calling for an FDIC-style
government insurance against terrorism.  In the sweet name of
self-interest he proposes that the government increase existing insurance
moral hazards by forcing all citizens to underwrite those who have chosen
to live or work in higher risk areas.
I'M in the insurance business -- an expensive
place to be in the past couple of months. It was made costly for
Berkshire Hathaway, the company I run, because I did something very dumb:
allowed Berkshire to provide insurance coverage for a huge catastrophe
loss without its getting a premium for doing so. The risk we unthinkingly
assumed was a loss from terrorism. Given the degree of my error, I was lucky: We estimate our Sept. 11 loss
at Berkshire to have been ``only'' about $2.3 billion. That's more, by
far, than we've ever lost from a single catastrophe, but the toll could
have been far larger. Indeed, had a nuclear device been available to
Osama bin Laden, the loss could have bankrupted most of the insurance
industry. A potential loss of almost infinite magnitude can be assumed only by an
entity of almost-infinite resources. That entity doesn't exist in the
private sector. Only the U.S. government fits the bill. Washington has accepted this proposition to a point. Congress is now
agonizingly trying to create some sort of industry-government coalition
that would insure losses from terrorism. Some proposals limit the government's liability but leave the risk for
the industry open-ended. These proposals won't work: If unlimited
liability is left with insurers, they will necessarily refuse to renew
policies they see potentially leading them to bankruptcy. Equally bad, all the proposals now being considered will engender pricing
based upon risk exposure: If a business is located in a high-risk spot,
it will be asked to pay a staggering price for insurance. Risk-based
pricing is normally equitable and desirable. In this case, though, it
would have anti-social consequences. For example, the terrorism risk per dollar of insured value may be 10 or
more times for iconic or critical properties in New York City what it is
for properties in less-populated areas. But great cities are central to
our society. We don't want them to wither under the burden of hugely
disadvantageous insurance costs. Their citizens almost certainly bear
above-normal physical risks in the terrorist war being waged upon us; we
shouldn't impose crippling economic costs on them as well. We should adopt the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. as a model for where
we want to head in the insurance industry. The rationale for the FDIC,
formed 68 years ago, was clear-cut: The United States sorely needed to
eliminate bank runs and the financial panics they caused. Before the
FDIC, the risk from bank failures resided with depositors, who had no way
to shed it. Neither they nor their banks could lay that risk off on private insurers
for two reasons. First, the dollar amounts involved were simply too
large; second, losses were correlated, in the sense that the failure of a
few banks frequently caused a chain reaction, toppling good banks with
bad, leaving a mountain of economic damage. Fortunately, these punishing
disruptions to our economy were ended by the advent of FDIC insurance.
Now, millions of business owners, individuals, landlords and lenders bear
the economic risk of terrorist attacks. Insurers won't assume the risk --
we were previously dumb, but we've learned. It isn't right, though, that
these risk-laden millions should have to shoulder this burden themselves.
If we were to adopt an FDIC model for handling terrorism, the insurance
industry would not be permitted to earn a dime from the coverage.
Instead, a premium tax, payable to the U.S. Treasury, would be levied on
all insurance. This would have the equitable effect of spreading the
terrorism-related cost to the country in general, just as we spread
defense expenditures. Were such a proposal enacted, it should sharply limit private lawsuits
seeking to place blame on some party involved -- an airline, say. We
should want the Treasury to make payments to victims solely to compensate
them for loss of property, life or direct earnings, without worrying
about fault. The law also should cover war losses. Some people will argue that an FDIC model for insurance would be a
socialistic intrusion into the private sector, yet that institution is
today generally regarded as having been enormously beneficial. Once, the
problem was bank runs and economic panics; we found an innovative
solution. Today, the problem is terrorism and its capricious effects on
insurance costs; we need a solution of comparable efficacy.
Warren Buffett is chairman of the board of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a
diversified company with insurance operations, and a director of the
Washington Post Co., which has an investment in Berkshire Hathaway. This
was written for the Post.

@_date: 2001-11-18 06:11:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IP conference: copyright law has gone too far 
IP conference: copyright law has gone too far
The recording industry and the Business Software Alliance squared off against the Electronic Frontier Foundation and US Rep. Rick Boucher Wednesday in a debate over laws such as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act aimed at protecting large copyright holders, with the hearts and minds of a crowd of Washington, D.C., decision-makers as the prize.

@_date: 2001-11-18 06:09:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Scalia: Thumbs Down on ID Card 
Scalia: Thumbs Down on ID Card
Antonin Scalia, one of the Supreme Court's most conservative justices, says he would vote against a national ID card if the issue went on the ballot.

@_date: 2001-11-18 06:47:21
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ATM Fiends On A Spree Of Rip-Offs 
ATM FIENDS ON A SPREE OF RIP-OFFS
By LARRY CELONA and ANDY GELLER
[My security group at Citicorp (which designed and built the crypto systems for our ATMs and switching fabric processors) predicted in the late '80s that Van Eck freaking an ATM might be a successful way to eavesdrop on PINs and card info.]
November 17, 2001 -- EXCLUSIVE
The NYPD and the Secret Service have launched a major investigation into complaints that bank customers have lost thousands of dollars through unauthorized ATM withdrawals.
Since last Saturday, the NYPD has received more than a dozen complaints of unauthorized withdrawals, mostly from people who have used ATMs on the Upper East Side.
But customers who use ATMs in the Financial District and the West Side have also been hit.
Cops are expanding their probe citywide and expect to find many more cases.
Sources said most of the complaints involve Citibank customers, but people who bank with Chase and other institutions also have been victimized.
Customers have lost up to $3,000 apiece - even though their bank cards have never left their possession.
Most of the victims are people who used ATMs in grocery stores, delis and shopping malls, the sources said.
Investigators believe that the thieves have managed to hook up personal computers to the ATM and download information about customers, the sources Then they make phony bank cards and withdraw money using the customers' personal identification numbers.

@_date: 2001-11-25 04:56:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Look at the significant uptake for e-gold (current transaction rate about $1 million day) as an example of how to bootstrap a creditable value system.  As for how to get value into the system and avoid inflation the answer is to use a recognized value store as backing: U.S. currency.
IMHO, the code code isn't the hard part but all UI, back office systems and logistics of running such an operation.  Ian Grigg has toiled for many years to create open source components for value store, payment and transaction systems.  A look at his  is a good place to start.
At the July BA CP meeting an attempt was made to develop a consensus of where the opportunities for ecash lay.  The strongest and most informed opinions are in general agreement with Tim May's 8/25 posting "The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot"  The second reason for the meeting was to assess interest in creating an ecash API and a reference open source implementation.  AFAIK no progress on these second purpose has been made but if anyone is looking to get involved please count me in.

@_date: 2001-11-21 20:54:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
PayPal is a poor choice due to fraud and repudiation issues. From a transactor's viewpoint one should only exchange harder for softer money However, eGold would be excellent: no repudiations.
First you must identify and reach your potential customers.  Does anyone know where I could get a relatively list of hushmail addresses?
Does using eGold change the MIX characteristics or feasibility?
Possible downsides

@_date: 2001-11-21 18:16:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Coin (or better yet eGold) operated rental, non-USPS, parcel delivery locker business.
ATMs dispensing currency for ecash
Offshore operation from less prudish countries.
Automated publication from file names and meta-data. Removal of limitations of file size enabling publication of high quality video content.
eGold is already available.
eGold has shown a substantial and profitable, though still not mainstream market, exists for an unregulated electronic currency.  A similar system tied to dollars, pounds or marks, is greatly desired.

@_date: 2001-11-21 22:59:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: The United States of America vs. The Left Coast 
I can't see any constitutional basis for the FDA (or much of the FAA or FCC regulations for that matter). Perhaps not regulating California marijuana clinics impacts marijuana clinics in other states: empty Commerce Clause

@_date: 2001-11-22 17:38:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Denning's Geo-crypto 
I believe several patents have been filed for something along this line (e.g. tamper resistant GPS-smart cards).  Mostly to enable casino to satisfy state regulators that their clients are in permitted geographic

@_date: 2001-11-25 21:23:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CP archive problem? 
I've been trying to access  for two days and have getting DNS errors.  Anyone else on  with the same trouble?  Might be a good time to switch to alternate root servers.

@_date: 2001-12-30 07:13:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Rules Will Allow Airport Screeners to Remain in Jobs 
[So, as expected many of the same nitwits before 9/11 will continue to offer the mere semblance of safety and security for the foreseeable future.  Good reason to stay away from air travel.  steve]
Rules Will Allow Airport Screeners to Remain in Jobs
By DAVID FIRESTONE
In a shift, the federal agency supervising aviation security has decided not to displace thousands of current screeners by requiring them to be high school graduates.

@_date: 2001-12-30 03:04:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: e-gold under attack by robots 
Seems some hackers have been running password attack scripts against e-gold since at least 12/25.  It has caused more than a bit of fear among egold-discussion list members concerned their passwords may not be safe against such methods.

@_date: 2001-12-29 18:32:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: [fsml] Euro Banknotes embed RFID chips (fwd) 
Not to mention intentional Electro-Magnetic Pulse exposure of bills to thwart the system.
A cheaper and more robust solution would embed random length and oriented glass/plastic fibers in the paper.  When exposed to a line illuminator as it is passed through a verifier, each bill would have a unique "illuminate here" - "light comes out there" signature that can be read out and matched to a DB generated at the mint.  Because of the fiber's resilience it will be more difficult to damage or thwart than RFIDs.

@_date: 2001-12-29 08:36:25
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Because it's a Lie 
Because it's a Lie
Sung to the tune of 'Because I Got High' by Afroman
Osama bin Laden's friends dropped by to say hi
By taking a few little airplanes outa the sky
(La da da da da da)
They totaled the twin towers and I don't know why
- Saw people die [repeat 3X]
George W. Bush spent the day in the sky
Nowhere in sight, you coulda searched low and high
(La da da da da da)
Karl Rove covered the coward's tracks by telling a lie
- Fucking nice try [repeat 3X]
Condoleeza called the press, a tear in her eye
Bin Laden is sending secrets on video she said with a sigh
(La da da da da da)
Don't bother with the truth when it's surely better to lie
- Don't ask why [repeat 3X]
The networks never stopped to really ask why
They wanted blood - to make sure Afghanis would fry
(La da da da da da)
Now they find themselves gorging on humble pie
- Selling a lie [repeat 3X]
The President could no longer stand it, wanted to cry
Congressmen were leaking and even though his ratings were high
(La da da da da da)
Ari Fleischer warned the media to watch it or bullets would fly
- Don't even try [repeat 3X]
Rumsfeld was overseas selling pie in the sky
Back in the homeland Tommy Thompson didn't know why
(La da da da da da)
Anthrax was sorted while congress homeward did fly
- Letting them die [repeat 3X]
Attorney General Ashcroft ever cunning and sly
After losing elections to opponents who die
(La da da da da da)
Wants to eavesdrop, snoop and detain and lie
- Fuck off and die [repeat 3X]
Bush signed his name to it and then he got high
Cheney photographed while congress idly stood by
(La da da da da da)
The next election we shall bid all of them bye
- Eye for an eye [repeat 3X]
Confusion everywhere you look as accusations fly
Tom Ridge finally hired but he doesn't know why
(La da da da da da)
It's amusing just sitting watching him try
Reign in the FBI [repeat 3X]
September 11 saw towers rising up high
Attacked from jet planes hijacked out of the sky
(La da da da da da)
October twenty six a date forever we'll cry
- Because it's a Lie [repeat 3X]

@_date: 2001-12-11 07:08:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: eCash reported mortally wounded... 
No need to wait at all.  There was never any serious reason to license the Chaum blinding patents upon which eCash rested. They applied only to the client and their use was or could be made invisible to the mint. Software patents, including Chaum's, are not enforceable in a number of western nations (e.g., Australia, South Africa and New Zealand). Therefore, the development and release of client software with user selectable blinding, with appropriate UI warnings regarding possible patent issues depending upon client jurisdiction, from these locales should not run afoul of international patent laws.

@_date: 2001-12-11 04:30:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Thuraya Profits From Satphone Stampede 
Thuraya Profits From Satphone Stampede
This year's war on terrorism has proved to be a good thing for the Thuraya satphone, with everyone from journalists to warlords buying the phones in Afghanistan. Savanna International Telecommunication, which is selling the phones and service, says it isn't asking any questions; rather, it is just taking in the money. During the past five days, the carrier says it has sold more than 120 sets, and people continue to stand in line for the $700 handsets. Savanna says its phones can't be monitored, but others are skeptical of this claim. Reported by The Gulf News.

@_date: 2001-12-04 17:52:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: NTT Develops Digital Cash System 
November 29, 2001
Digital cash that can be used to purchase services and goods with complete
safety and at high speed is here now.
-Its usage is virtually unlimited, from simple store purchases to bus fare
payments to regular cash register transactions.
- Digital cash can be downloaded through many public telephones.

@_date: 2001-12-04 06:14:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Debate on Privacy Goes Private 
Debate on Privacy Goes Private
In the debate about new surveillance powers for law enforcement officials, Americans, in various ways, are asking a basic question: Are we willing to curtail personal freedom in exchange for greater national security? Now, a debate heating up in Washington puts a twist on the query: Are we willing to curtail access to information in exchange for cybersecurity?

@_date: 2001-12-04 01:02:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Disposable cell phone launches 
Universal Studios Home Video and Hop-On partnered to launch what they say is the first-of-its-kind, disposable cellphone in connection with the DVD/home video release of "Jurassic Park III" December 11. The limited-edition phone, called the Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone, includes hands-free, voice-activated technology, and it only will be available via inserts in thousands of "Jurassic Park III" DVDs and videocassettes. The recyclable phone offers 60 minutes of prepaid calling time, usable for six months. The free phones will feature a branded "Jurassic Park" faceplate to enhance collectability. Hop-On says it plans to release a regular disposable cellphone in national retail outlets for $30 after this promotion ends.
Full Article:
UNIVERSAL CITY, Calif., Nov. 29 /PRNewswire/ -- In a major first for the entertainment and telecommunications industries, Universal Studios Home Video (USHV) and Hop-On (OTC: HPON) have partnered to launch the first-of-its-kind, disposable cell phone in connection with the DVD/home video release of "Jurassic Park III" on December 11. The limited edition introductory phone, a specially-designed Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone, employs the latest hands-free, voice-activated communications technology, and will be available only as an exclusive FREE offer via inserts in thousands of "Jurassic Park III" DVDs and videocassettes for a limited time.
Cutting-Edge Telecommunications Technology
The exclusive Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phones will offer 60 minutes of prepaid calling time without the requirement of a cellular service contract or monthly fee. Compact and lightweight in design as well as fully recyclable, the cell phones require only two buttons: CALL and END. Using mistake-proof, automated voice-recognition dialing, the cell phones include a hands-free earbud/microphone to provide safe and convenient communication. Once activated, the phones are supported by 24-hour operator assistance and last up to six months.
The limited edition Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone will also feature a branded "Jurassic Park" faceplate to enhance collectability. Hop-On plans to release a regular disposable cell phone in national retail outlets for $30 after the introductory promotion with "Jurassic Park III." The Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone combines the latest cutting edge communications product with one of the year's biggest theatrical box-office successes in time to capitalize on heightened consumer awareness during the holiday shopping season surrounding the home video/DVD release.
The cell phone offer will be communicated via on-pack stickers on all DVD and VHS copies of "Jurassic Park III" as well as through in-store merchandisers. "Because a cell phone played such a crucial role in "Jurassic Park III," we were looking to find a unique telecommunications partner to help celebrate the film's release on DVD," said Ken Graffeo, senior vice president of marketing, Universal Studios Home Video. "Our partnership with Hop-On is ideal and we are thrilled to be bringing the next wave of cell phone technology to consumers."
"The Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone is designed to give consumers easy access to help if they need it -- anytime, anywhere," said Peter Michaels, chairman and CEO, Hop-On. "As an entrepreneurial communications company we are extremely excited to be partnering with one of the most successful and dominant global media and communications organizations. Hop-On's phones have the potential to revolutionize the communications industry and this launch is an important step toward that goal."

@_date: 2001-12-16 17:37:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
I worked with Jim on Mojo, so I have some first hand experience.  The P2P systems I was referring to are the current popular crop (e.g., LimeWire and Morpheus) since they have the largest and broadest user populations.

@_date: 2001-12-16 07:03:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
During your "rant" on re-mailers I mentioned the desirability of using popular P2P services in conjunction with remailers, possibly as middleman nodes.  Len pointed out the problems with re-mailer system stability if P2P clients were used as they come and go.  During the break there was a short discussion of using the P2P clients to generate cover traffic on remailers.  This should be simple and involve no risk to those running the

@_date: 2001-12-19 02:02:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Wired on e-gold 
One would assume then that most governments are paranoids, extremists and criminals since the use of privacy/secrecy and even anonymity technologies are stock and trade in some of their agencies.

@_date: 2001-12-21 18:43:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
You must mean non-commercial users since substantial number, probably a majority of commercial servers run this crud.
Are there good free one's?
But these are likely to be the most difficult to find and persist.  I think its a bad idea to hinge remailer network improvements on the participation of deep pocket parties who need convincing that this is a ideological fight they should take on and risk their resources and public image upon.
I'll look into this and report.
These restrictive ISP policies are almost always aimed at web hosting and mail and rarely against other ports or services (e.g., P2P) which are major driving forces for consumers purchasing broadband connections.  As for the judgement of whether something is wise I would love the remailer network to work as even as well as Gnutella or Freenet.
I see no need to follow only one path which might become a dead end.
I think architectures which lower the bar should be equally be explored.  Alternatives are the life blood of any business strategy.  Commitment to a single avenue increases risks.
If clients generate message digests for each link in the daisy chain then the Web interface to the remailers could enable automated checking whether a message was received and successfully processed by each remailer.  Provacy could be maintained by having the remailer response include all MDs for some client selected/fixed window.
Well certainly the few brave operators we currently have.

@_date: 2001-12-21 05:23:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
I don't run a mixmaster because:
  - its not been easy to get running
  - it uses SMTP ports which are filtered on my AT&T cable system.  The remailer reference lists need to include port number references so users on these "restricted" ISPs can participate.  Since the traffic is encrypted it might make sense for operators to choose port numbers used by P2P applications which currently encrypt traffic (I believe Morpheus does).
  - it didn't run under Windows (until the other day)
There needs to be an automated way to anonymously and securely determine if your messages have gotten stuck at a particular remailer.
I won't run an exit remailer because of the obvious risks  Does Ian G's Hotmail exit code still work?  Is this practical?
The only client I frequently used was Geoff Keating's Java applet.  It was excellent and simple.  Has anyone looked into freshening it up?

@_date: 2001-12-21 05:00:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
I disagree.  We should all be ashamed.  The main reason we don't have the private payment system many have discussed is lazyness/"better things to do with their time" by those with the technical ability to create the SW (if I were one of them the SW would be done by now, as I've easily spent 1-2 many years and $10Ks trying to get others to write the code).  Funding the payment system, as Tim has noted, is not that hard.

@_date: 2001-12-20 08:59:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
If one assumes that delivery failures between remailers are the exception rather than the rule then remailers could publish delivery failure notifications in message pools (e.g., Usenet alt.anon.messages) encrypted with a sender provided key and subject line.  The user's remailer client could then scan the group for the subject line to detect problems.
One important aspect of preserving the efficacy of a bearer token based value system is fraud prevention.  If the tokens are to be exchangeable for outside value (e.g., dollars) then there must be effective way to prevent the purchaser from defrauding the mint.  There has been considerable debate on the "e-gold Discussion"  list on the risks of accepting other payment forms for e-gold (which generally cannot be repudiated).  One e-gold market maker, particularly stung by cheats, made some recommendations                                                     'May Scale' of monetary Hardness        Item
1                    Street cash, US dollars
2                   Street cash, euro currencies, japan
3                   e-gold
4                   Street cash, other regions
5                   Interbank transfers of various sorts (wires etc), bank 6                   personal checks
7                  Consumer-level electronic account transfers (eg bPay)
8                  Business-account-level retail transfer systems
9                   Paypal and similar 'new money' entities, beenz
10                 Credit cards
(Ridiculously soft)
Observe that say stock brokerages definitely do not accept credit cards or paypal to fund an account. They will only accept instruments that are very hard, such as wire transfers or certified bank checks. When hard money is required, only money-types with a hardness of about 5 or better will do the job.   Observe though that even money order and bank wires can and have been reversed.

@_date: 2001-12-22 03:17:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: More on remailers. 
An alternative method, discussed privately with another CP list member, would have the sender could provide a response-inbound message appropriate for each remailer in the chain and imbed this with the outbound message (maybe in the header). This imbedded message would be a concentrically wrapped and encrypted message just like the sender's outbound message, but constructed so it would backward chain to the originator.  Might not even be to the same address as the sender's to obfuscate the linkage. Similar to reply block.
My preference is using a Web server interface in the remailer to allow the originator's client to automatically check the progress of their message.

@_date: 2001-12-31 20:15:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
If platform portability is desired why not use QT?  I believe there are ports to both Linux and Windows (including CE).

@_date: 2001-12-31 19:42:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
Agreed.  The port expander approach should be explored.  Also needed is WinModem control for smooth analog (clear) to digital (crypto) transition.
Several developers, including an ex-Starium engineer, and I have been talking about just such venture.  I sure between all of us we have the wherewithal to make this happen.
Besides the half-duplex problem some changes to the SF protocol are desired to work better with SOHO firewalls now common.

@_date: 2001-12-30 22:32:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
OK, so why don't we pool our funds to encourage the reverse engineering and release of source code to a popular PCS/GSM phone which can be readily re-flashed and with sufficient resources (or easily augmented) to handle this app? I'll donate $100 e-gold to get the fund going.  I'll establish a publicly viewable e-gold account to hold other contributions.  The account access key can be secret shared among a few fellow CPs.

@_date: 2002-01-30 19:45:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: American History 101 (a humorous nod to Richard Mitchell's 
American History 101
It was the first day of school in Marietta, Georgia and a new student named
Suzuki, the son of a Japanese businessman, entered the fourth grade.
The teacher said, "Let's begin by reviewing some American history. Who said
"Give me Liberty, or give me Death?"
She saw a sea of blank faces, except for Suzuki, who had his hand up.
"Patrick Henry, 1775," he said.
"Very good! Who said, 'Government of the people, by the people, for the
people, shall not perish from the earth'"?
Again, no response except from Suzuki: "Abraham Lincoln, 1863,", said
The teacher snapped at the class, "Class, you should be ashamed. Suzuki, who
is new to our country, knows more about its history than you do."
She heard a loud whisper: "F*** the Japs."
"Who said that?" she demanded.
Suzuki put his hand up. "Lee Iacocca, 1982."
At that point, a student in the back said, "I'm gonna puke."
The teacher glares and asks "All right! Now, who said that?"
Again, Suzuki says, "George Bush to the Japanese Prime Minister, 1991."
Now furious, another student yells, "Oh yeah? Suck this!"
Suzuki jumps out of his chair waving his hand and shouts to the teacher,
"Bill Clinton, to Monica Lewinsky, 1997!"
Now with almost a mob hysteria someone said, "You little shit. If you say
anything else, I'll kill you."
Suzuki frantically yells at the top of his voice, "Gary Condit to Chandra
Levy 2001."
The teacher fainted. And as the class gathered around the teacher on the
floor, someone said, "Oh shit, we're f***ed," and Suzuki says, "The Taliban!

@_date: 2002-01-30 02:06:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Commerce Clause on trial 
Forwarded from a private email (with some minor edits)...
The Oakland Cannabis Buyer's Club case is squarely confronting Wickard.  See:   and examine the "Defendants Motion after Remand to Dissolve or Modify Preliminary Injunction Order and Memorandum of Points and Authorities in Support thereof - January 7, 2002 - (2.7MB)"
We have a case where every level of government -- city, county, and state

@_date: 2002-01-29 06:01:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The 100 Mile-Per-Gallon Carburetor: How Ultra Wide Band May 
The 100 Mile-Per-Gallon Carburetor
How Ultra Wide Band May (or May Not) Change the World
By Robert X. Cringely
A few weeks ago, I wrote about my desire for Wendy, my personal
supercomputer (since completed and works fine, thanks), and mentioned
that one of the projects I planned for her was an experiment in
Ultra Wide Band (UWB) communications. This single reference brought
from the web world many reader responses, most of them from engineers
alarmed at the whole idea of UWB. They are convinced that UWB will
be bad for us all, making useless the GPS satellite system, and
maybe even your mobile phone. I am not at all convinced of that,
but I am sure that UWB will shortly create a thorny business problem.
What it reminds me of most is the proverbial 100 mile-per-gallon
The 100 mile-per-gallon carburetor is supposed to be a gizmo that
does exactly as its name suggests, only of course, we can't buy
one. That's because the oil companies and the car companies and who
knows what other companies are supposed to have bought-up the patents
on the 100 mile-per-gallon carb specifically to make sure it never
hits the market. Entire industries would be destroyed, we're told,
if this beast ever hit store shelves. Certainly, Exxon-Mobil would
have to sell a few corporate jets to get profits back in line once
gasoline consumption dropped in half.
There is actually some precedent to this particular conspiracy
theory. America had a well-developed light rail system at the end
of the Second World War that was systematically bought up and
destroyed primarily by General Motors, which promptly replaced rail
cars with buses. If GM would buy one industry just to destroy it,
why not buy another?
But what is it that makes UWB so scary?
Ultra Wide Band will either be the beginning of a new age of
communication or the end of an old one, and probably both. UWB is
true digital radio communication, a series of very short electrical
pulses (billionths of a second) that exist not on any particular
frequency, but on ALL frequencies simultaneously. It is just a blast
of electrical noise. The key to turning that noise into communication
lies in the timing of the pulses that beat out a code. But in order
to hear the information in that code, a UWB receiver has to know
the exact pulse sequence used by the transmitter. In other words,
with UWB you have to know exactly WHEN to listen in order to hear.
This makes UWB very secure, which is why the military likes it so
much (UWB technology was originally developed for the military and
various U.S. and Soviet spy agencies as early as 1960). UWB is
pretty much immune to eavesdropping, is equally immune to interference
or jamming, and because its broad frequency range includes the
ultra-low frequencies used to communicate with submerged submarines,
UWB can be used easily in buildings and even underground. And because
of the random nature of UWB timing schemes, there appears to be
virtually no limit to the number of UWB signals that can share the
same airwaves.
In many ways, UWB is the successor to spread spectrum radio, a World
War II technology for splitting a broadcast among many radio
frequencies to avoid jamming. Spread spectrum, which was patented
in 1942 by actress Hedy Lamar and composer George Antheil (I am not
making this up), operates today in every mobile phone. But where
spread spectrum used just a few dozen frequencies and used them one
at a time, UWB uses every frequency there is, and uses them all at
the same time, which means the data-carrying capacity of UWB is
UWB requires ultra-low power, often one ten thousandth as much as
a cellphone, and because of that low power it is undetectable by
conventional radios, looking to them just like very quiet noise.
This is one reason why the FCC is considering allowing UWB as an
unlicensed service; it is hard to regulate a signal that can't be
detected and doesn't interfere. Besides, UWB has important friends

@_date: 2002-01-27 22:55:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Looking back ten years: Another Cypherpunks failure 
SpeakFreely doesn't work behind many/most SOHO firewalls.  It uses 2 or 3 different UDP ports and most inexpensive firewall appliances (the one's the majority of Windoz users have) can't be configured to deal with incoming and outgoing traffic in different ports.

@_date: 2002-01-24 03:58:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Chip-Scale Atomic Clock 
DARPA is soliciting research proposals in the area of Chip-Scale Atomic Clock (CSAC). Proposed research should investigate innovative approaches that enable revolutionary advances in science, devices, or systems. Specifically excluded is research that primarily results in evolutionary improvement to the existing state-of-practice.

@_date: 2002-01-21 22:38:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Kazaa cuts one 
Kazaa Sells Site, Software
12:15 p.m. Jan. 21, 2002 PST
NEW YORK -- Dutch Internet file-sharing company Kazaa BV, which is facing a copyright lawsuit, Monday said it had sold its Kazaa.com website and software to privately held Australian firm Sharman Networks Limited.
Along with the sale, Kazaa said Sharman will once again make the Kazaa media software, which lets users search and download music and video files that are publicly available.
On Jan. 17, Kazaa BV said it suspended downloads of the popular software, pending a decision in a copyright lawsuit filed against it in a Dutch court. But users who already had the software were still able to swap files.

@_date: 2002-01-20 07:19:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: TOSHIBA DEBUTS NEXT-GENERATION HIGH-DEFINITION DISKS 
Toshiba has recently introduced a new 120mm disk capable of storing up to
30GB of data on a single-layered, single-side optical disk. Current DVD-RAM
technology can store only 4.7GB on a single-sided disk. With its 30GB
capacity, the read/write disk can record three hours of high-definition
digital video and Toshiba plans to propose the technology to the DVD Forum,
the international organization that sets standards for DVD-related
products. "High-capacity DVD is specially designed to store high-definition
digital images, for which the demand will emerge when terrestrial digital
broadcasting commences," says a Toshiba spokesman. Key to the new disk's
higher storage capacity is the use of blue-laser technology, which was
first developed by Japan's Nichia Chemical Industries. A competing product
using blue-laser technology is being marketed by Matsushita Electric, which
has unveiled a 50GB disk that stores data in two layers rather than one.
(NewsFactor 17 Jan 2002)

@_date: 2002-01-19 18:45:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: China finds bugs on U.S.-made jet 
China finds bugs on U.S.-made jet
BEIJING (AP)  China has discovered 27 bugging devices in a U.S.-made Boeing 767 it bought for the personal use of President Jiang Zemin, published reports said Saturday.

@_date: 2002-01-19 06:08:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: War Relocation Authority Camps in Arizona, 1942-1946 (was 
Though without a doubt this episode was one of the blackest recent events in the denial of constitutional rights and a great follow on to the unconstitutional expansion of fed authority under FDR, it was not without some unintended benefits.  During the internment the parents, especially the fathers, had little to do and so spent much more time with their children, which prior received much less attention as was the custom.  One of my good friends grew up in the camps and credited them with greatly improving his childhood.
Prior to the war the U.S. Japanese community was pretty insular, due no in no small part to the rampant white racism.  The internment accelerated their integration.  With their property and family businesses forfeit many fell into poverty.  However, many of their children found new post-war opportunities.  My friend became a football star and went on to win scholarships eventually receiving a PhD in Engineering.  He left little doubt this would not have happened without the internment.

@_date: 2002-01-17 20:39:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Agencies Confirm That Low-Tax Jurisdictions Are Not Money 
U.S. Government Agencies Confirm That Low-Tax Jurisdictions Are Not Money
Laundering Havens
The State Department, Central Intelligence Agency, and Internal Revenue
Service each independently assess whether countries are money laundering
centers and/or have systems that make them vulnerable to dirty money. All
of these government agencies - as well as the OECD's Financial Action Task
Force - conclude that tax havens do not attract a disproportionate share of
the world's criminal loot. Indeed, the reports indicate that dirty money is
far more likely to be laundered in high-tax nations.

@_date: 2002-01-15 19:29:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Content protection plan targets wireless home networks 
Valenti's mob will try to use trademarks and patents to prevent licensing of open communication systems connected to entertainment HW.  Except for burnings at the stake the script is pretty much following the Catholic Church vs. The Press.  The end result will likely be similar: a new balance of power and liberties will be struck, probably with the consumer coming up on top.

@_date: 2002-01-15 01:25:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Just say no 
Freedom Fighters of the Digital World
At a time when many of us are gung-ho about sacrificing personal freedoms to combat terror, the Electric Frontier Foundation just wants to say no.

@_date: 2002-01-14 21:31:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hiding Sensitive Data Can Be Tough in a Digital Age 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 13  The modern task of successfully destroying electronic documents has become daunting enough to give Oliver North Mr. North is the Marine officer who became notorious during the Reagan-era Iran-contra scandal after it was discovered he had tried to delete thousands of e-mail messages, only to discover that they had been retained on backup tapes and made available to Congressional investigators.
The issue of the destruction and possible retrieval of electronic data burst into the news last week after Arthur Andersen & Company, the auditors for the Enron Corporation (news/quote), said that the accounting firm had destroyed a "significant but undetermined" number of documents relating to Enron and its finances.

@_date: 2002-01-14 18:59:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Philips Says Compact Discs Can't be Copyprotected 
Tomcat666 writes "tecChannel has a story about Philips, the holder of the most CD digital audio (CD-DA) patents. Apparently, they don't like the audio CD copy protection many record companies want to enforce in the future. They break the CD-DA standard and therefore are not allowed to use the logo. As a conclusion, Philips' next audio CD copier will be able to detect and probably circumvent the copy protection of audio CDs." This article is Auf Deutsch but the fish does a tolerable job of making it sane for those who can't remember the proper gender of all their nouns.

@_date: 2002-01-08 00:04:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Red Flag Linux beats out Windows in Beijing 
Red Flag Linux beats out Windows in Beijing
Research outfit Gartner has noted an ominous development for Microsoft and other non-indigenous firms operating in China. On 28th December 2001 the Beijing municipal government awarded contracts to six local software vendors, and rejected the seventh bidder - Microsoft. The contract covers office automation, antivirus and operating software, one of the winners being Linux OS vendor Red Flag. The move is particularly important because it may signify a trend.

@_date: 2002-01-07 18:12:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Japanese banking system 'about to collapse' 
[Now this could be very interesting...]
Japanese banking system 'about to collapse'
TOKYO: Japan's financial system is headed toward collapse and will require
a government bailout of one trillion dollars, a US think tank said.
"Japan appears poised to follow the passive route of outright default,"
resident scholar John H. Makin wrote in the monthly Economic Outlook report
put out by the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research on
"The negative net worth of the Japanese banking system is somewhere above
the yen-equivalent of one trillion dollars," Makin wrote. "When the banking
system collapses... the Bank of Japan will need to inject at least one
trillion into the banks to protect depositors from losses."
He said such a procedure would need to be financed by the Japanese
government, resulting in total public debt jumping by 15 percent, and
causing a surge in liquidity that would cause Japan's currency and bonds to
'It amounts to beating harder a dead horse'"Japan's deflation and debt
crisis now constitute systemic risk to the global economy," he wrote.
The report harshly criticises Japan for failing to stop rampant deflation,
which increases the burden of paying off debts.
"Efforts by the Bank of Japan to boost economic activity and to reflate by
increasing reserves in the banking system and cutting short-term interest
rates virtually to zero amount to beating harder a dead horse," Makin wrote.
"The dead horse is the Japanese banking system, which by virtue of its
insolvency is unable to act as a financial intermediary borrowing short
from the central bank and lending to Japan's private sector."
Makin also criticised moves to postpone past next March the government's
plan to cap its guarantee on bank deposits to 10 million yen (about
R900 000), saying; "that step will only delay the outright collapse of the
banking system." - Sapa-AFP
Published on the Web by IOL on 2002-01-05 19:55:26

@_date: 2002-01-03 06:51:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Applied Digital pushes microchip to plant in foreigners 
They did but suspended the practice, at least for a few quarters, when all the .com failures threatened to significantly shrink their listing base.

@_date: 2002-01-02 19:37:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Commercial Van Eck? 
Use common sense for best security
An established company moves into a downtown high-rise and a few months later discovers that many of its secrets are going public. How is that possible? Its networks are locked down. Its employees use passwords, and are given security clearances. So what's the problem? How about that old warehouse next door? A competitor has rented it and mounted large antennas behind closed window blinds to listen for electronic emissions from its neighbor's electronic equipment.

@_date: 2002-01-06 07:34:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
When there is no justice a State is merely big scale exploitation, just like a gang of thieves is a miniature kingdom.

@_date: 2002-01-07 21:44:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Hackers Targeting Home Computers (fwd) 
Of course these agreements are very much fluid.  Can't host a web site (at least using std port nos.) but P2P's OK because its a driver of consumer interest in broadband.

@_date: 2002-01-08 00:11:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware 
How to defeat spyware
There's no way of knowing how many people are using them, but it must be a bunch. Companies use them, the government uses them, and suspicious spouses use them. I'm talking about keystroke loggers--both software and hardware.

@_date: 2002-01-08 03:41:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: End of the IRS?? 
Ha, ha, ha!
I'd like to have the notes to choreography script already established between Bryant and Bartlett.  I wonder if CSPAN plans coverage?

@_date: 2002-01-09 16:18:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
I knew the guys behind Fractal compression, but that's not what I was trying to do.  They looked for a higher-level order I was just looking to take advantage of local correlations and the ability to identify identical runs in the output of deterministic generators who's references could be expressed very efficiently (e.g., correlation coefficient/seed value, displacement) compared with the data being compressed.  Its a highly asymmetric approach so real-time applications were not considered.
IFS eventually became practical but they came from a time when proprietary solutions were king and missed the open standards revolution which powered JPG (which while generally as good at compression was open to improvement, well studied and not chained by patents).

@_date: 2002-01-09 16:18:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
I knew the guys behind Fractal compression, but that's not what I was trying to do.  They looked for a higher-level order I was just looking to take advantage of local correlations and the ability to identify identical runs in the output of deterministic generators who's references could be expressed very efficiently (e.g., correlation coefficient/seed value, displacement) compared with the data being compressed.  Its a highly asymmetric approach so real-time applications were not considered.
IFS eventually became practical but they came from a time when proprietary solutions were king and missed the open standards revolution which powered JPG (which while generally as good at compression was open to improvement, well studied and not chained by patents).

@_date: 2002-01-08 23:35:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
I came up with a similar approach in the late '80s (I may have even discussed it on the list a year or so back).  I was interested in compressing image data, which has quite a bit of inter-pixel correlation.  My approach was to run a Hilbert space filling curve through the image (it looks like a tightly wound maze).  This allows one to maintain most of the pixel correlation while transforming from an array to line.  Then I analyzed the auto correlation of the runs of various lengths and attempted to create generators which could produce the required combinations/permutations and auto correlations to code for the runs.  I say attempted, because I was never able to find acceptable algorithms to satisfy my requirement.  I still believe these algorithms exist, it was just my limitations in identifying the underlying math needed.

@_date: 2002-01-15 17:47:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: The vital private archive 
There are probably two major hurdles: reverse engineering the firmware and getting the new code into the device.
The second is probably the hardest.  Because of high volume production techniques the processor-memory chips are probably not field programmable.  Even if they were or field programmable equivalents were available they are likely mounted using BGA (Ball Grid Array) techniques.  Very difficult to remove and re-insert without expensive

@_date: 2002-01-21 19:52:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Backscatter X-ray system. 
From the sample photos it appears that items hidden beneath enough tissue may be obscured (e.g., a ceramic knife between two large butt cheeks ;-)

@_date: 2002-01-27 23:17:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Property Rights 
Payne classified rights are either Natural or Civil.  By natural he meant those which are within an individual's power to execute.  He limited these to the rights of the mind and intellect.  In most cases property rights are considered civil due to a lack of individual means or intent.  By my reckoning, property rights require only one party and their possession of the means and intent to keep other parties from using that property.

@_date: 2002-01-30 00:24:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Justice Department covers nude statues 
[If there was any doubt about the repressed sexuality of the chief of law enforcement officer of the land this should remove it.   Shades of Dr. Strangelove.  steve]
Justice Department covers nude statues
- - - - - - - - - - - -
By Christopher Newton
Jan. 29, 2002 | WASHINGTON (AP) -- No longer will the attorney general
be photographed in front of two partially nude statues in the Great
Hall of the Department of Justice.
The department spent $8,000 on blue drapes that hide the two giant,
aluminum art deco statues, said spokesman Shane Hix. For aesthetic
reasons, he said, the drapes were occasionally hung in front of the
statues before formal events. The department used to rent the drapes,
but has now purchased them and left them hanging.
The drapes provide a nice background for television cameras, Hix said.
ABC News reported that Attorney General John Ashcroft ordered the
statues covered because he didn't like being photographed in front of
Since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, Ashcroft has been
photographed several times in front of the female statue that
represents the Spirit of Justice. The 10- to 12-foot statue has its
arms raised and a toga draped over its body, but a single breast is
completely exposed.
The other statue, of a man with a cloth covering his midsection, is
called the Majesty of Law.
Both statues were installed in the 1930s when the building was
finished, according to the Justice Department.
Hix said the Justice Department bought the drapes to avoid having to
rent them every time the agency had a formal event. The drapes cost
about $2,000 to rent.
He also said Ashcroft was not involved in the decision.
"The attorney general was not even aware of the situation," he
said. "Obviously, he has more important things to do."
The Great Hall is an ornate, two-story room that the department uses
for ceremonies and special speeches.
In the past, snagging a photo of the attorney general in front of the
statues has been something of a sport for photographers.
When former Attorney General Edwin Meese released a report on
pornography in the 1980s, photographers dived to the floor to capture
the image of him raising the report in the air, with the partially
nude female statue behind him.

@_date: 2002-01-31 17:00:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Scientific American: By the Numbers: Can't Read, Can't 
None of this comes as a surprise to anyone who has children or has been with those under 25 very much.  Richard Mitchell's
excellent, if dated, "The Graves of Academe" can be found at Unless and until the outstanding teacher reacquires some of the social status they once held in America (a close second to physicians) and effective performance based accountability is instituted in public schools there seems little hope of a turnaround.   The failure probably marks a turning point for our nation. The failings of our primary education system have left a least one generation bereft of minimum necessary educational survival skills and an accurate sense of our history.  The basis of working democracy is a full belly and an informed electorate.  Sound byte news does not a discourse make.  Most of our current crop of leaders are no better.  Where are the statesmen?  Quo vadis?

@_date: 2002-02-23 17:15:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Upcoming service launch (was :Re: Mostly untraceable ordering 
I'm hoping to launch an pseudo-anon online purchasing service in March-April.  Legal items which can be ordered by CC or PO (if we can establish a relationship) will be considered.  Provision for direct and re-mailer shipment and client control of our data, to eliminate any paper trail, will be offered. Please contact me to let me know what sorts of items you're interested in obtaining or if you're interested in helping out or becoming part of the development team.

@_date: 2002-02-23 03:06:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Re: RSA shaken down for cash? 
That's probably not the whole story.  I believe that RSA and Cylink were still engaged in PKI Partners wherein they pooled their patents in hopes of securing a higher return on licensing then they could individually.  So, PKI would also probably have been involved.  Bob Fougner, Cylink general counsel, also headed PKI partners should know for sure (though he may not

@_date: 2002-02-23 02:35:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re:South Carolina's evil database of children's DNA 
We don't need more rules or regulations, which those in government are free to change when the winds shift, we need to maintain copies of all electronic records concerning us (including all our telecom records at telcos and ISPs) and technologies (in the hands of citizens) which control access to the information when its in the hands of others.  The same sorts of software now being deployed by corporations to "control" email after delivery can be adapted to serve the citizen.  For example, see:  and

@_date: 2002-02-22 02:17:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: Groucho in bulk 
In fact the pair I had on came from the very same soiree  Thanks Uni !

@_date: 2002-02-21 05:44:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: I will not comply! 
I'm not sure how many of you made it to RSA, but their authentication requirements rubbed me the wrong way for a conference originally dedicated to both privacy and security.  From the looks of things its gone beyond big "S" and little "p" to all "S" and no "p".
To test their resolve and have a bit of fun while at it I decided to show up wearing Groucho glasses.  At first the processors greeted me with a nervous giggle, but when I insisted I be photographed with the glasses on the said I had to appear as I do on my driver's license.  So, I removed it from my wallet and 'lo I was wearing Groucho glasses on my DL as well (amazing what a photo-realistic printer and adhesive paper can do).  At this point they knew they either had to call security or let me enter in disguise.  They decided the latter and I entered mustachioed.  They asked that I continue to wear the glasses after entering.
When I approached the door monitors they challenged me and my credentials.  After inspecting the picture ID and verifying its likeness they stepped aside.  A few of you may have seen me on the show floor so attired.  My Groucho glasses were a hoot. I brought lots of smiles to people's faces. I think I had the best time ever at a conference.
If you'd like a .jpg of my ID card let me know.

@_date: 2002-02-20 07:08:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FWD: FCC To Consider Requiring Fixed Wireless to Contribute to 
[From a telecom list. steve]
The pattern seems to becoming more clear as to how much the current FCC is doing the work of the ILECs that they can't get done (at least so far) in The recent ruling by the FCC that effectively dismantles some of the major points of the Telecom Act of 1996 where ILECs will no longer have to unbundle their broadband lastmile facilities to competitors smelled like ILEC favoritism.
This new potential ruling would be a preemptive strike against emerging wireless companies. They are one of the only remaining possible competitor to ILECs and Cable. To force an emerging industry to cope with the Universal Service compliance is like a death sentence...
This from Robert D. Primosch of Wilkinson Barker Knauer, LLP on the wcalea mailing list at yahoogroups.com:
The link below will take you to the Commission's Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking in CC Docket No. 02-33, in which the Commission requests comment
on how wireline broadband internet access services should be classified for
regulatory purposes, and what if any regulatory obligations should apply to
providers of those services.  Although this proceeding is directed primarily
at broadband internet services provided over the wireline telephone network,
the Commission also requests comment on whether non-wireline broadband
providers (including fixed wireless) should be required to contribute to the
Universal Service Fund and, if so, to what extent (see paragraphs 79-80).
Since this is a "dollars out" issue for the fixed wireless industry, we
believe that fixed wireless broadband providers need to participate in this
proceeding.  Initial comments are due 45 days from publication of the Notice
of Proposed Rulemaking in the Federal Register, which has not yet occurred -
we estimate, however, that comments will probably be due during the month of
April or perhaps early May.  In the interim, we will put this item on the
agenda for the next monthly Government Relations Committee meeting - if we
believe a separate meeting of the LEA on this issue is necessary, we will be
in touch.  Please contact us if you have any questions.

@_date: 2002-02-18 18:26:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: NYT: The Great Unwatched 
Surveillance is in the saddle. Responding to the latest Justice Department terror alert, Washington police opened the Joint Operation Command Center of the Synchronized Operations Command Complex (S.O.C.C.). In it, 50 officials monitor a wall of 40 video screens showing images of travelers, drivers, residents and pedestrians.
These used to be the Great Unwatched, free people conducting their private lives; now they are under close surveillance by hundreds of hidden cameras. A zoom lens enables the watchers to focus on the face of a tourist walking toward the Washington Monument or Lincoln Memorial.

@_date: 2002-02-17 21:02:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: US Pat. No. 6,219,185: Large aperture diffractive space 
[Intended for astronomical and continuous sub-meter earth surveillance.]
A large (10's of meters) aperture space telescope including two separate spacecraft--an optical primary objective lens functioning as a magnifying glass and an optical secondary functioning as an eyepiece. The spacecraft are spaced up to several kilometers apart with the eyepiece directly behind the magnifying glass "aiming" at an intended target with their relative orientation determining the optical axis of the telescope and hence the targets being observed. The objective lens includes a very large-aperture, very-thin-membrane, diffractive lens, e.g., a Fresnel lens, which intercepts incoming light over its full aperture and focuses it towards the eyepiece. The eyepiece has a much smaller, meter-scale aperture and is designed to move along the focal surface of the objective lens, gathering up the incoming light and converting it to high quality images. The positions of the two space craft are controlled both to maintain a good optical focus and to point at desired targets !
which may be either earth bound or celestial.

@_date: 2002-02-12 04:11:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Chotian Paine in the butt.  (Was: RE: Cruel and unusual 
You should take this up with Mr. Paine.  My copy of his collected works shows numerous references to the term he applied to the rights monarchs insisted they possessed.  You may disagree that the monarch's claims were valid but few did openly for untold thousands of years.  It will be interesting to see whether our notion of inalienable (not to mention those of the founders) is still a zeitgeist in a hundred years of so or whether self-governance was just a failed experiment.

@_date: 2002-02-03 21:37:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bush Budget Links Dollars to Deeds... except for his special 
Bush Budget Links Dollars to Deeds With New Ratings
By RICHARD W. STEVENSON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2  The $2.13 trillion budget plan that President Bush will send to Congress on Monday for the first time formally assesses the performance of government agencies and programs and to some degree links their financing to the grades they receive, administration officials say.

@_date: 2002-02-02 18:48:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GAO V. CHENEY IS BIG-TIME STALLING: 
GAO V. CHENEY IS BIG-TIME STALLING:
The Vice President Can Win Only If We Have Another Bush v. Gore -like Ruling
By JOHN W. DEAN
 Friday, Feb. 01, 2002
This is Part Two of a two-part series by Mr. Dean on Enron. Part One is archived on this site(). - Ed.
Vice President Dick Cheney has thrown down the gauntlet. He has refused to give the General Accounting Office the very limited information they have requested about the work of his energy task force. (GAO, created in 1921 during the Harding Administration, has from its inception been an independent and nonpartisan agency of the Congress, charged with studying the programs and expenditures of the federal government.)
Cheney says he is refusing to provide information to the Congress as a matter of principle. He told the Today Show that he wants to "protect the ability of the president and the vice president to get unvarnished advice from any source we want." That sounds all too familiar to me. I worked for Richard Nixon.
In fact, not since Richard Nixon stiffed the Congress during Watergate has a White House so openly, and arrogantly, defied Congress's investigative authority. Nor has any activity by the Bush Administration more strongly suggested they are hiding the incriminating information about their relationship with the now-moribund Enron, or other heavy-hitting campaign contributors from the energy business.

@_date: 2002-02-03 00:30:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: WalMart's War on NyQuil 
Suggest you bypass these symptomatic cold remedies and choose the only current one which really has the promise of treating the illness: Zicam gel zinc nasal spray. Carried by almost all druggist and many supermarkets (cheapest at Costco, 2 for about $12.50).  My understanding is that the zinc coats and blocks the surface of the membranes targeted by the viruses.  My wife tried it last month and it reduced her cold to only a few days with few symptoms (besides sneezing brought on by the spray).  Your mileage may vary.

@_date: 2002-02-05 07:39:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: encrypted data means Feds steal your computer forever? 
As hardware has gotten pretty cheap, unless you've got a substantial system (probably not a home variety), seizure should be inconvenient and angering but not devastating to many.  Loss of data or availability is something else.  Anyone who has a significant investment in their data or is using their gear to earn their living, especially to deliver a service, needs to treat their system as any business should treat a mission critical asset.  Off-site data backups (especially offshore) and off-site or emergency hardware support contracts are a plus.  I wonder if thin PCs (those without disks) combined with encrypted off site data have a role to play in protection against prosecutions and seizure interruptions?

@_date: 2002-02-07 05:17:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: What Kind Of Government...... 
I was having trouble understanding the thought constructs that these judges use to arrive at their application and interpretation of the constitutional issues until I came across a copy of a 1995 treatise by Larry Lessig, "Translating Federalism: United States v Lopez".  Larry explains how a deterioration in the level of understanding of constitutional principles by the average American citizen, from our founding to the present day, was reflected in a consequent deterioration in the fidelity to those principles in federal court decisions.  This deterioration hasn't been a straight line phenomenon but a meandering back and forth.  There is much more complexity and nuance in the court's interpretation of the constitution in light of the writings of the framers than I was aware.  He identifies two constructs "originalism" and "textualism" and the irregular swing between these two interpretation poles by successive Supreme Courts, especially surrounding the Commerce and especially the Necessary and Proper Clauses.
The problems caused by this meandering and the increasingly expansive reading of federal power, culminating in Wickard, has left little of state and individual rights.  Larry offers some suggested directions for curing the current inability of the courts to settle on a consistent construction in adjudicating these cases.
Larry's paper its not on-line that I know, but if any on the list want a copy I'll be happy to send them the .pdf

@_date: 2002-02-05 15:50:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: What Kind Of Government...... 
Yes it is.  However, if mean-green's posting on Politech has some basis then perhaps there is hope.

@_date: 2002-02-05 08:04:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: What Kind Of Government...... 
Yes, its quite curious that one is compelled to give testimony (your signed tax forms are not evidence in a court of law) against one's self.  The U.S. Supreme Court held as early as 1927 in United States v. Sullivan 174 U.S. 259 (1927), that a taxpayer could not refuse to file a federal income tax return because of the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. The Supreme Court adhered to the Sullivan principle in Garner v. United States, 424 U.S. 648 (1976). The requirement that a taxpayer include information on the tax return concerning income does not, by itself, violate the self-incrimination clause of the Fifth Amendment as the court noted in United States v. Daly, 481 F.2d 28 (8th Cir.), cert. denied, 414 U.S. 1064 (1973). This case, as well as others, represents an extension of the holding in Sullivan that a taxpayer must do more than file a blank tax return with little or no information.
This appears to be in complete opposition to all their other holdings of the privilege.  For example, one can take the stand in any trial and refuse to answer any questions which you deem self-incriminating.
In Swallow v. United States, 325 F.2d 9F (10th Cir. 1963), cert. denied, 377 U.S. 951 (1964), the court held, "It is now well settled that the income tax laws are not unconstitutional under the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment..."
"The Supreme Court has stated that the privilege against self-incrimination, if validly exercised, is an absolute defense to a section 7203 prosecution for failure to file an income tax return. Garner v. United States, supra, 424 U.S. at 662-63, 96 S.Ct. at 1186-1187. The Court has also held, however, that the privilege does not justify an outright refusal to file any income tax return at all. United States v. Sullivan, 274 U.S. 259, 263, 47 S.Ct. 607, 71 L.Ed. 1037 (1927). Furthermore, an objection may properly be raised only in response to specific questions asked in the return. Id. See Garner v. United States, 501 F.2d 228, 239 n.18 (9th Cir. 1974) (en banc), aff'd Garner v. United States, supra, 424 U.S. 648, 96 S.Ct. 1178, 47 L.Ed.2d 370.
"We are here faced with a case in which the taxpayer did assert his privilege in response to specific questions in the tax return form, but did so on such a wholesale basis as to deny the IRS any useful financial or tax information. Other circuits, faced with similar wholesale assertions of the privilege against self-incrimination, have concluded that a tax return form which contains no information from which tax liability can be calculated does not constitute a tax return within the meaning of the IRS laws. Once these courts determine that the taxpayer has filed no return, simple application of the Sullivan precedent, which states that the Fifth Amendment will never justify a complete failure to file a return, invalidates the Fifth Amendment defense. E. g., United States v. Irwin, 561 F.2d 198, 201 (10th Cir. 1977), cert. denied, 434 U.S. 1012, 98 S.Ct. 725, 54 L.Ed.2d 755 (1978); United States v. Silkman, 543 F.2d 1218, 1219-20 (8th Cir. 1976) (per curiam), cert. denied, 431 U.S. 919, 97 S.Ct. 2185, 53 L.Ed.2d 230 (1977); United States v. Daly, 481 F.2d 28, 30 (8th Cir.) (per curiam), cert. denied, 414 U.S. 1064, 94 S.Ct. 571, 38 L.Ed.2d 469 (1973)."
So, its apparent that even though you must file a return which contains some information from which tax liability can be calculated you can still assert your 5th Amendment rights by refusing to provide certain, even substantial, information, as long as its so noted.  There seems to be no required method of denoting your method of assertion and it appears it can be quite non-obvious to the IRS data entry people and still pass muster.  So, unless you are audited the IRS will be unaware of the 5th Amendment assertion and if they do audit you can bring it to their attention without fear of prosecution for filing a false return.  Be prepared however for the IRS to prosecute you for filing a frivolous return, a misdemeanor, as a means of harassment.

@_date: 2002-02-07 17:18:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Tivo: Super Britney Replays Ruled 
One of the reasons that TiVo's are so much cheaper then the ReplayTV boxes!  Just take a look at the investors in TiVo and it may all become clear: Tivo: Super Britney Replays Ruled
Associated Press
4:12 p.m.  Feb. 4, 2002 PST
SAN JOSE, California -- The results are in from the digital video recorder set: Britney Spears beat the men on the field in the Super Bowl instant replay department.
While millions of Americans watched the annual pro football championship, TiVo was monitoring the viewing habits of 10,000 of its 280,000 subscribers. The leading maker of digital video recorders used its technology to analyze which football plays or TV ads its subscribers chose to view again or to see in slow motion.

@_date: 2002-02-07 16:59:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Court rules: Films aren't software 
Warner recently got smacked down by an Australian court for introducing
"two-tiered" titles: one for rental and one for sell-through.
Outrageous excerpt:
In addition to claiming that a video on DVD is actually software,
rather than a movie, Warner tried to convince the court that simply
playing a DVD movie should be considered an act of "copying":
"Warner said a person playing the DVD was actually making a copy of the film
because images and sound from DVD films were stored in the random access
memory (RAM) of a computer or a computer contained within a DVD player."

@_date: 2002-02-08 17:05:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | 9th Circuit: Thumbnails Are Big Enough For Fair 
This probably spells an end to certain features of Google's fine image search capability as well.

@_date: 2002-02-09 18:45:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Cruel and unusual punishment. 
Except for one's which still need passage: removing office holders who demonstrate their violation of their sworn oath to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution (e.g., by legislators affirming three laws in which any part is later ruled unconstitutional).

@_date: 2002-02-26 04:23:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
TRAVEL DESK | January 13, 2002, Sunday
PRACTICAL TRAVELER; On the Rise: Private Charters
By DAVIDSON GOLDIN (NYT)
LEAD PARAGRAPH - IN the aftermath of September's terrorist attacks, a growing number of leisure travelers are turning to private planes to avoid the fears and hassles that many people now consider synonymous with commercial flights.
Charter companies report business across the board has surged since Sept. 11, with the most notable increases for leisure travel by families and small groups that had never considered private planes before.
LEAD PARAGRAPH - IN the aftermath of September's terrorist attacks, a growing number of leisure travelers are turning to private planes to avoid the fears and hassles that many people now consider synonymous with commercial flights.
Charter companies report business across the board has surged since Sept. 11, with the most notable increases for leisure travel by families and small groups that had never considered private planes before.
The Lear 35 jet the Joels took accommodated six people and cost $6,000 round trip, less expensive per person than the approximately $1,155 United Airlines charges for a non-strop flight to Montreal in first class.

@_date: 2002-02-12 16:25:18
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
So, if the "passengers" were on the books as part-time employees then more than 10 could fly and still be classed as Part 135? Can you spell employee owned airline?
I haven't worked the numbers but it seems it could be competitive with first class.  I'll bet a lot of first class clients would opt for elimination of current check-in inconvenience.

@_date: 2002-02-12 07:16:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
I've been thing about this the past few days.  From what I've read the executive jets are not required to adhere to the same restrictions as the public flights, partly because they are not public carriers.  Shared exec jet services allow a lower buy-in than sole use at a fixed monthly rate plus a premium to be paid every time you use a plane.  What if a scheduled airline was formed that required all passengers to be part owners, just like a shared exec jet (so they are not public carriers), plus a competitive fare each time you use one of your planes?  Might it be possible to bypass all that crap by leaving from the exec terminal?

@_date: 2002-02-12 02:13:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Chotian Paine in the butt.  (Was: RE: Cruel and unusual 
I think you're a bit confused by the poor context continuity of the responders.  It was Soze who originally failed to clarify (his?) Paine reference.  Ms. Farr just used that opportunity to add ambiguity or just playfully redirect the thread to her advantage.

@_date: 2002-02-18 00:04:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RESEARCHERS CRACK NEW WIRELESS SECURITY SPEC 
RESEARCHERS CRACK NEW WIRELESS SECURITY SPEC
Posted February 14, 2002 02:12 Pacific Time
A UNIVERSITY OF Maryland professor and his graduate
student have apparently uncovered serious weaknesses
in the next-generation Wi-Fi (Wireless Fidelity)
security protocol known as 802.1x.
In a paper, "An Initial Security Analysis of the IEEE
802.1X Standard" funded by the National Institute of
Standards, Professor William Arbaugh and his graduate
assistant Arunesh Mishra outline two separate
scenarios that nullify the benefits of the new
standard and leave Wi-Fi networks wide open to attacks.
For the full story:

@_date: 2002-02-21 05:45:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Like this passage from the recent RAND study "Preparing for Future Warfare with Advanced Technologies: Prioritizing the Next Generation of Capabilities"
HOW IS SUCCESS IN WARFARE CURRENTLY
Though many in the defense community might readily
agree that the needs are indeed considerably different
from what they were in the past, defense planners are
finding it hard to get beyond the measure of success used
in the Cold Warhalting a massed armor invasion.

@_date: 2002-02-22 06:24:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: The Register - Terror talk stalks RSA Conference 
Two comments:
One - interconnected systems are unlikely to ever be hacker-proof until they use well established capabilities-based architectures.
Two - having a Govnet means the gov can switch off the Internet anytime with little immediate and direct consequence to itself.

@_date: 2002-02-24 18:55:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: WSJ Encrypted Laptop 
I don't think we can depend on the accuracy of the WSJ in reporting the true chain of events.  They should have immediately published a MD of each encrypted file and later the extracted keys, that way it would be possible to more confidently verify the story.  In fact, this procedure should become necessary disclosure for future reports of discovered encrypted materials with news application.

@_date: 2002-03-31 19:27:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: node discover & searching (Re: Celsius 451 -the melting 
Bingo!  I brought this up with the Mojo team. One of the nice features of MN was that content was addressed as a URL.  I thought that if we built a web site that detected the presence of a spyder from Google or other major search engine it could dynamically generate content pages for subsequent indexing.  Non-spyder visitors would get a simple greeting page.  Other would be free to do likewise, as some had done to offer Web access to P2P.
The way MN URLs were constructed, if a user had MN SW installed the URL would directly invoke a search.  If they didn't have MN SW they would be taken to the download page.

@_date: 2002-03-24 17:20:21
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fremont could denounce Patriot Act 
Fremont could denounce Patriot Act
Human Relations Commission supports local Arabs
By Jennifer Carnig
STAFF WRITER
FREMONT -- In an attempt to show solidarity with local Arab, Muslim and South Asian Americans, a city commission may formally denounce the Patriot Act and ask the City Council to do the same.
The Fremont Human Relations Commission voted unanimously to draft a resolution that would condemn federal laws that give the government greater power to tap phones, conduct secret searches, indefinitely detain non-citizens, and give the attorney general better ability to label domestic groups as terrorist organizations.

@_date: 2002-03-23 21:07:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: future uses for storage surfaces 
To conveniently use these binary groups you need to have a reader with appropriate features.  My choice is NewsBin Pro.  Interestingly, posters are now using RAID technology to assure accurate and complete posting deliveries over the unreliable links used by Usenet feeds.  Posters segment their binaries (usually a 600-800 MB CD at a time) using WinRAR and then generate redundant PARtial information using a program like SmartPAR.  DL'ers can reconstruct damaged or missing WinRAR parts with PARs on a one-for-one basis (i.e., any one PAR can repair/replace any one RAR).  Its simple and very effective.
Its inconvenient from the standpoint of not being able to search and find materials at will.  However, DL speeds average (in my experience) 10 times greater than Kazzaa and the old Morpheus.

@_date: 2002-03-19 19:01:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: re: Cold fusion revisited 
** FUSION CLAIM SPARKS DEBATE
Donald Kennedy, editor of the prestigious journal Science, knew he was
in for a row if he published the paper. What the authors were claiming
was just so extraordinary: that nuclear fusion reactions, of the sort
that power stars and hydrogen bombs, had been created on a lab bench
using little more than a vibrating ring, a neutron gun and a beaker of
specially prepared acetone.

@_date: 2002-03-18 20:56:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Army chooses MIT to help create the new nano-equiped U.S. 
ARMY CHOOSES MIT TO HELP CREATE
THE NEW, NANO-EQUIPPED U.S. SOLDIER
By Candace Stuart
Small Times Senior Writer
March 13, 2002  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), a research university with small tech expertise and a history of developing technologies for the military, will receive $10 million annually for the next five years to turn nanotechnology into useful products for the United States Army.
The U.S. Army selected MIT on Wednesday to create the Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies (INS). The university-affiliated research center will focus on potential military applications ranging from lightweight, bulletproof uniforms to wearable health-monitoring sensors. The award allows MIT, based in Cambridge, Mass., to collaborate with industrial partners such as DuPont and Raytheon Co. as well as physicians from Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Womens Hospital.
More at

@_date: 2002-03-06 16:28:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: authenticable physical bank notes 
Not sure how reliable Light Signatures technology was, but in the early '90s Jim and I discussed using imbedded random length strands of fiber optic glass to create the patterns in the currency from which to generate the printed number on the bill.  AFAIK no one has deployed such a system.

@_date: 2002-03-05 06:40:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Corner Internet Network vs. the Cellular Giants 
[Anonymous mix nets and Crowds may be just around the corner]
March 4, 2002
The Corner Internet Network vs. the Cellular Giants
By JOHN MARKOFF
SAN FRANCISCO, March 3 - The informal Wi-Fi networks that inexpensively provide wireless Internet access are fine, as far as they go - which is generally a few hundred feet. But what happens when there are enough of them to weave together in a blanket of Internet coverage?
What begins to appear is a high-speed wireless data network built from the bottom up, rather than the top-down wireless cellular data networks now being established by giant telecommunications companies.
Many Silicon Valley engineers now believe that it will be possible to take the tens of thousands of inexpensive wireless network connections that are popping up in homes and coffee shops all over the country and lash them together into a single anarchic wireless network. Connections could theoretically be passed from one Wi- Fi node to another, similar to the way wireless phone signals pass from cell to cell, thereby significantly extending the wired Internet.

@_date: 2002-03-12 21:28:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Canadian govt to tax recordable media for RIAA, MPAA 
Looks like the native Americans with tribal lands adjoining the boarder will have a new business to add to discounted cigarettes.

@_date: 2002-03-12 21:04:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Cold fusion revisited 
Page 1868 of the 8 March issue of Science contains the article "Evidence for Nuclear Emissions During Acoustic Cavitation," which purports to discover 2.5 million electron volt neutron emissions characteristic of Tritium fusion in deuterated acetone.  Control experiments on non-deuterated acetone were performed which lacked the neutron emissions.  The work appears to be a follow-on to a suggestion by Nobel Laureate Julian Schwinger that the sonoluminescent light flashes during cavitation could be signaling high enough temperatures to ignite fusion.
I have a .pdf copy of the article for those interested.

@_date: 2002-03-13 22:49:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: Slashdot | Document Retention And E-mail 
Either way works.  The centralized approach means the docs can only be accessed while on-line, though it could offer increased security and better usage tracking and authentication.

@_date: 2002-03-13 17:13:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Document Retention And E-mail 
One of the best ways to protect against email and other documents getting out of hand is to enforce access controls which travel with the document. For example, by making all documents active with access control from a remote server under control of the sender.
Probix purports to have such a system, which they claim thwarts most attempts at screen scraping (even down into the BIOS) but not including HW devices to capture the monitor video link).

@_date: 2002-03-20 21:52:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Radical thinker Chomsky doesn't fail 
Alameda Times-Star Online
Radical thinker Chomsky doesn't fail
March 20, 2002
By William Brand
STAFF WRITER
THE UNITED STATES is hardly a country to declare a war on terrorism, renowned linguist and radical thinker Noam Chomsky told a rapt audience at the University of California's Boalt Hall School of Law Tuesday.
Chomsky said his political world view is little changed since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on America. After all, to much of the undeveloped world, America is the terrorist, Chomsky said.
American arms and dollars supply the Turks, who have committed atrocities against the Kurdish people, Chomsky said. Now Vice President Dick Cheney is visiting Turkey, trying to encourage the Turks to participate in an attack on Iraq, he charged. Huge numbers of Kurds live there, he said.
Fifty years ago, Chomsky turned the world of linguistics on its ear with the scientific conjecture that human beings are born with an innate ability to learn language. Japanese, English, Urdu and Swahili are just nuances of the same skill, he said.
Humans can speak and learn language, but animals cannot, he noted. His well-documented findings made him a giant in his field, a reputation he still holds.
Some 40 years ago, he stood with a handful of others in Boston Common protesting America's entry into the Vietnam War. Bostonians were incensed at this display of anti-Americanism and police had to rescue the protesters from an angry mob.
Since then, there have been two Chomskys: the scientific Chomsky, who has been a professor of linguistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) for 47 years, and the political Chomsky, who travels the world, supporting the oppressed and espousing causes so unpopular in post-Sept. 11 America.
But he plays well in Berkeley.
Chomsky, who is 73 and about to retire from MIT, will speak again on campus today as a guest of UC Berkeley's Graduate Council.
Muslim Students Association
Tuesday afternoon, he spent two hours answering questions at an event sponsored by the UC Berkeley Muslim Students Association and other groups.
"We asked if he would speak and he said he would and here he is," said Basim Elkarra, Muslim students president.
Students were mostly awe-struck.
"This is quite different from what we hear on CNN," said senior Heidi Price.
He brought up a lot of issues to think about, she said.
"He's not into rhetoric," said freshman Arezo Yazd. "You don't have to agree with him on every point. He's not a politician. But his main idea is to open your mind and question things."
Palestinian and other Middle Eastern groups strongly support Chomsky because he strongly supports their cause. Although he was born in Philadelphia of Jewish refugee parents, he has long been outspoken against the state of Israel.
On Tuesday, he scoffed at the U.S.-sponsored resolution in the United Nations calling for a separate Palestinian state within the boundaries of modern Israel.
Ethnic homelands
He compared the idea to the ethnic homelands for black Africans created by white South Africa at the peak of apartheid.
But all wasn't dark and dour with the modern Chomsky. The United States isn't the dark empire, he said. All nations in power commit atrocities, he said, citing Britain during its colonial period as an example.
The United States has changed in the last 20 years and mostly it is better today, he said.
But forget about politics, he said. Instead, he believes positive changes have come about through large, popular movements, such as the civil and human rights movements and environmental action.

@_date: 2002-03-23 19:52:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: design considerations for distributed storage networks 
I think the Mojo hoarding and cheating was a relatively small problem.  I think it was an excellent idea, but should not have been introduced until the system reached a critical mass.
The key reasons for MN's failure: lack of stability and data retention and lack of automated meta-data generation from file headers (esp. .mp3).  The first problem caused users to have to manually and constantly refresh lost blocks (an automated client missing block search and refresh function would have been a god send, and something along these lines was planned for a disk/data backup service but that never happened).  The second kept many potential new users from joining when the saw how difficult MN was to use compared to Napster.
Not all.  Someone has to pay for the resources provided and the system must not encourage too much freeloading.
We shall see.

@_date: 2002-03-23 20:11:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Peer-to-Peer File Sharing and Copyright 
Jim McCoy and I read this carefully while we were working in MN and it help confirm some of legal strategy.  Although as Tim has noted even having a legal strategy may be an oxymoron for a censorship resistant P2P.

@_date: 2002-03-29 15:35:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: DOJ press release: Visa offshore records to be turned over 
I wonder how this will impact those using e-gold funded debt cards, which appear to be often traded after purchase to subsequent users?

@_date: 2002-04-02 01:11:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A "Patriot's" Guide to Debating the War on Terror 
Your favorite Ben Franklin Quote in a Cartoon
A "Patriot's" Guide to Debating the War on Terror:

@_date: 2002-04-02 03:21:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: SATELLITE RADIO OPERATORS COMPLAIN ABOUT WI-FI INTERFERENCE 
[Note:  The WSJ's take on the Sirius petition.  Pay heed to the 'meltdown' comment from Powell!]
SATELLITE RADIO OPERATORS COMPLAIN ABOUT WI-FI INTERFERENCE
XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio have petitioned the FCC to
regulate Wi-Fi technology more closely, threatening to stymie innovation in
the nascent wireless technology market. The satellite radio broadcasters
say that even though Wi-Fi operates on a different frequency, the
frequencies are so close that it's possible for energy to leak over from
Wi-Fi devices and interfere with their services. They're asking the FCC to
set limits on the services, although they say they're not trying to shut
them down. "I think wireless devices are going to blossom," says Sirius
co-founder Robert Briskman, who says Wi-Fi device manufacturers could
alleviate the problem by installing filters and making other changes to
wireless transmitters. Wi-Fi advocates say their systems comply with
current FCC rules and that if the satellite radio folks are worried about
interference, they should tinker with their own systems. Meanwhile, FCC
Chairman Michael Powell is keeping mum on the satellite proposals, but has
cautioned that heavy usage of Wi-Fi and other devices that use unlicensed
frequencies could eventually cause a "meltdown." (Wall Street Journal 1 Apr
 (sub

@_date: 2002-04-06 00:22:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: mil disinfo on cryptome 
One of the keys to real justice is how far those adjudicating it are willing to go.  If they are unwilling to offend powerful interests or indeed key interests of the state or society in reaching their decisions then it cannot approach any ideal of justice.  This principle has been a cornerstone of western law since Roman days.  Its even emblazoned on the exterior of the U.S. Supreme Court, though its quite evident that few if any inside take it to heart (if they ever did).
"Fiat justitia et ruat caelum" (Let justice be done though the heavens fall.)
--legal maxim originating with the Senate of Rome.

@_date: 2002-04-09 17:07:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New breed spam filter slashes junk email 
New breed spam filter slashes junk email
10:31 09 April 02 NewScientist.com news service
A new breed of spam-filtering technology that combines peer-to-peer communications with machine learning could intercept nearly all unwanted email, according to its creators.

@_date: 2002-04-11 16:40:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: overcoming ecash deployment problems (Re: all about 
In the case of Chaum, patents are not the problem.  AFAIK, SW patents are still not recognized in a number of major countries (Australia, NZ, SA, etc.).  Since the Chaum patents are practiced only on the client side, it should be trivial to create/distribute the SW from one of these jurisdictions.  One could even include a client controlled SW switch setting to enable blinding and present it as "an increased security setting" with appropriate warnings about possible IP issues depending upon the locale of the client.

@_date: 2002-05-11 03:09:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: another reason to avoid airbus: surveillance 
Depends on the overload failure mode.  Many SS camera will simply appear to be full white/black on overload.  Same as a malfunction.
I can the MI music playing in the background already.

@_date: 2002-05-12 00:06:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
I don't agree.  I worked at Citicorp for quite a few years.  On several projects we did risk analysis.  At the beginning I, like you, thought consumer fraud was a major component of risk for the bank.  This turned out not to be the case.  The largest risk, by far, is consumers just refusing to pay. (Think NextCard.) The next highest risk are bad merchants scamming the bank.  Consumer fraud risks, including authenticating the card holder/presenter was a distant 3rd.  This may have changed with the Internet and the increase in identity theft.  If you have recent creditable data, say from ABA, to support your contention I'd like to see it.

@_date: 2002-05-03 14:58:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Court orders video spying 
[An example of why intelligent appliances in the home, not based on open source may be dangerous.  Spyware Inside (sm) ]
Court orders video spying
SONICBLUE TO SURVEY CUSTOMER RECORDERS
By Dawn C. Chmielewski
Mercury News
A federal magistrate in Los Angeles has ordered SonicBlue to spy on thousands of digital video recorder users -- monitoring every show they record, every commercial they skip and every program they send electronically to a friend.

@_date: 2002-05-11 00:32:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: another reason to avoid airbus: surveillance 
A less observable jamming means is to just bring a key chain penlight aboard and aim it at the light.  If the light has a suction cup mount it can be mounted to the arm of the chair.  For more clandestine use a two position switch on the light could activate an IR laser/led, shining through the same lens, for light/dark cabin situations.

@_date: 2002-05-13 21:40:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Jupiter Analyst, RIAA Trade Barbs Over P2P Findings 
As people age they tend to change their buying habits.  I have over 400 CDs, but since I reached 40 my CD purchases are way down.  I suspect many of the adults who download instead of purchasing would not purchase even if P2P went away, so this activity is not costing the labels very much.  OTOH, those below 25, who generally make up a large part of record sales are probably offsetting some of their record purchases with downloads.  But they are also expose themselves to many more artists and tracks.
I suspect that one of the things the major labels really fear is the increasing market share of the independents.  Two decades ago the independents had a palter 10-15% penetration.  Now I've heard it greater than 25%.  This is really what's on their minds.

@_date: 2002-05-23 17:44:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Open-Source Fight Flares At Pentagon Microsoft Lobbies Hard 
A master of the security half-truth chimes in...
This should present no problem for open source software.  No purchase takes place since the software is "free" by definition.

@_date: 2002-05-30 05:10:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
But that also means it could block sale of analog test instruments, such as programmable PC-based spectrum analyzers.

@_date: 2002-05-28 21:58:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Anti-snooping operating system close to launch 
An interesting thread concerning M-o-o-t can be found at Of particular interest to cypherpunks may be the "Threats and Weaknesses" analysis begun in Dec 2000
Threats and Weaknesses
· Hardware/firmware traps either built-in or add-on (eg
keystroke data capture plugs)
· Execution on a virtual machine designed to compromise the
· Surveillance techniques (camera, electronic monitoring,
· Trojan horse software via doctored compiler
· Trojan horse software via doctored CD
· Undetected impostors or other subversion of security
· Key captures
· Billing/Account/Payment tracing and trawling
· Denial of service attacks on the havens
· DNS and routing attacks (eg via ARPS, spoofing etc)
· false packet etc protocol attacks
· traffic analysis
· monkey in the middle attacks
· Criminalise this product
· Criminalise encryption
· Problem of creating a personal identifier that cannot be
copied, forged or usurped by force
· Billing systems may expose usage details
· Data entry and exit to the unsecure world - need to have
anonymous methods for this
· Is the data going to be locked up too tightly to be
· Can the data be manageable but still secure? Eg,
individual directories may be necessary but a security
risk. If there is no good built-in management system,
people will create hazardous insecure out-of-system ones.
· How can data availability be guaranteed over long periods
of time?
· How can keys be securely created, managed and protected
from mis-use?
· Are there sufficiently top-class cryptographers on tap to
implement new secure systems?
· Is it too ambitious for the resources?
· Can it be staged to produce useful (and profitable)
subsets more quickly?
· Does it conflict with other similar developments?
· Can it be managed in an insecure environment in a
jurisdiction that is hostile to its purpose?

@_date: 2002-05-28 21:21:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anti-snooping operating system close to launch 
Anti-snooping operating system close to launch
16:28 28 May 02 NewScientist.com news service
Computer activists in Britain are close to completing an operating system that could undermine government efforts to the wiretap the internet. The UK Home Office has condemned the project as potentially providing a new tool for criminals.
Electronic communications can be kept private using encryption. But new UK legislation will soon give law enforcers the right to demand encryption keys from anyone suspected of illegal activity.
The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA) was introduced to update UK surveillance laws to include electronic communications. But privacy campaigners say it gives too much power to law enforcers and permits intrusive eavesdropping.
Peter Fairbrother, a mathematician and computer enthusiast, is programming the new operating system, called M-o-o-t. "It is aimed at anybody who's concerned about the government being nosey," he says.

@_date: 2002-06-28 14:37:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Told You So  (was "Ross's TCPA paper") 
Told You So
Alas, a Couple of Bob's Dire Predictions Have Come True
By Robert X. Cringely
Just over three years ago I wrote a column titled "Cooking the Books: How Clever Accounting Techniques are Used to Make Internet Millionaires." It explained how telecom companies were using accounting tricks to create revenue where there really was none. Take another look at the column (it's among the links on the "I Like It" page), and think of Worldcom with its recently revealed $3.7 billion in hidden expenses. Then last August, I wrote a column titled "The Death of TCP/IP: Why the Age of Internet Innocence is Over." Take a look at that column, too, and think about Microsoft's just-revealed project called Palladium.

@_date: 2002-06-26 20:45:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Police guard stabbed China Venture Capital chief 
These Chinese are obviously much further along in effective enforcement of criminal business behavior than the SEC and Congress.

@_date: 2002-06-26 16:49:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: "Terror Reading" 
Say a public library implements a policy of replying positively to all such inquiries, that is, if asked by a patron the db admin will tell them when their account is free of such inquiries.  If a request does come in then the db admin can either: fail to respond (monitoring implied), tell them they are being monitored (violating the law) or lie and say they are not even if they are.  So, can the Feds require a librarian to lie to a customer who inquires whether their library usage is being monitored?

@_date: 2002-06-17 20:49:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RE: Harry Potter released unprotected 
Macrovision only prevents some VCRs from recording DVD content, a decreasing market.  Video "correctors" are widely available for under $60 to neuter Macrovision protection.
All DVD ripping SW bypasses any Macrovision protection.

@_date: 2002-06-02 19:47:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Another questionable decision from SCOTUS 
In an obscure tax case decided this term, United States v. Craft,  a husband owed money to the I.R.S. and the I.R.S. put a lien on some of his property. Michigan, like a number of states, has a concept called "tenancy by the entireties," in which property can be owned by "the marriage" as a separate entity and, when it is, the husband and wife have no individual interest in it. The husband transferred the property to "the marriage," and then told the I.R.S. "Look, I don't own this stuff anymore, 'the marriage' does." The District Court found the transfer was not fraudulent and that the I.R.S. could not touch the property. The 6th Circuit affirmed. The Supreme Court noted that the legitimacy of the transfer was not disputed on appeal.
The Court held that Michigan's concept of a marriage as a separate entity from its individual participants was nothing more than a legal fiction and, as a mere fiction, the I.R.S. could ignore it. O'Conner held that if the husband and wife didn't individually own the property, that meant no-one owned it, a result she found absurd.
I am gravely troubled by this reasoning. As pointed out in Alexis de Tocqueville's truly brilliant analysis of the foundations of our American government (e.g., "The government of the Union rests almost entirely on legal fictions. The Union is an ideal nation which exists, so to say, only in men's minds and whose extent and limits can only be discerned by the understanding. Everything in such a government depends on artificially contrived conventions, and it is only suited to a people long accustomed to manage its affairs, and one in which even the lowest ranks of society have an appreciation of political science."
Of all the legal fictions in American government, one of the hardest to swallow is the fiction of a Supreme Court. Under this fiction, when certain individuals express opinions on various issues under certain conditions, we are to regard these opinions as, not merely the separate individual opinions of these few separate and individual persons, but the single opinion of something called a Court, which is said to have powers and responsibilities wholly separate from the individuals of whom it is comprised. These powers and responsibilities are said to flow from something other than, and more than, the mere composite or sum of those All the sources of these powers and responsibilities -- constitutions, laws, governments, social compacts written and unwritten -- all are themselves legal fictions, wholly made-up conventions. Indeed, law itself is the supreme legal fiction.
The Justices should think long and hard before adopting a theory which disses the respect the citizenry has traditionally reposed in corporate entities and institutions that serve social purposes thought valuable. For as de Tocqueville rightly noted, that respect is essential to our republican form of government. The philosophy the Court espoused was so general that it cannot fail to encompass the Court itself -- and for that matter the Union -- in its generality. Every question the court asked of marriage can be asked of both the Union and the Court. If public land cannot be apportioned out to individual citizens, who owns it? And if judicial opinions do not represent the private opinions of individual justices -- if we get rid of this "Court" legal fiction -- can they be said to be the opinions of anyone?
These are questions well worth asking. If their answers prove not to be wholly absurd, then neither is the question Justice O'Conner asked about who owns property in a marriage. If they are wholly absurd, then so is our form of government.

@_date: 2002-06-01 19:52:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: My published reply to Thomas Friedman NYT/SJM piece 
The San Jose Mercury News published my brief rebuttal to Thomas Friedman's recent Luddite piece discussed on the list.  In the NYT it was titled "Webbed, Wired and Worried,"  in the SJM it was called "Terrorists shake high-tech's foundation of trust'" .
Here's the link, my piece ran second.

@_date: 2002-06-02 20:08:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: 2 Challenge Gun Cases, Citing Bush Policy 
I think whether the 2nd is enforceable against states and municipalities will depend upon the SC deciding to apply the 14th Amendment.  The Supreme Court has long held that the 14th Amendment does not make all of the Bill of Rights applicable to the States. Only those rights the Court finds to be "fundamental" apply. To this day, several portions of the Bill of Rights, including the right to indictment by grand jury, to a jury trial in any common-law suit over $20, and to the rules of the common law in judicial review of jury fact-finding, have not been held to be fundamental and to this day are not applicable to the states.
Is the right to keep and bear arms a fundamental right? Obviously the NRA would argue that it is. But the Supreme Court would be well within precedent if it were to hold that given modern conditions, a right to keep and bear arms, like a right to a jury trial for a 20-dollar dispute, can no longer be said to be so implicit in the concept of ordered liberty as to be fundamental. If it so held, the 2nd Amendment would remain applicable to the Federal Government, but would not apply to the States, which would be free to use their militia regulatory powers to regulate guns as they see fit.

@_date: 2002-06-01 17:39:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BBC hijacks TiVo recorders 
[This sort of thing is why I will never consider buying networked appliances that I don't feel are in my control.  Has anyone considered reverse engineering Windows for an open source release?]
BBC hijacks TiVo recorders
By Andrew Smith
Posted: 24/05/2002 at 23:22 GMT
Users of the TiVo digital video recorder have reacted angrily to a
new sponsorship feature that automatically records certain
programmes, adverts and other promotional material.
One of TiVo's more innovative features is its ability to recommend
programmes based on viewing habits, such as watching every episode of
a soap opera or every film starring a certain actor.
But viewers in the UK were surprised this week to find that the
second episode of the little-known BBC sitcom "Dossa and Joe" had
been recorded without their knowledge and added to the system's main
menu screen.
They were even more surprised to find that they won't be allowed to
delete the programme for one week, and that more sponsored recordings
are on the way.

@_date: 2002-06-06 19:57:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
No doubt some transfers from film are better than others.  Often these discrepancies are more a function of the budget, skill and care of the technician, the available working print and particular equipment and software used, than the target medium.
However, all other things being equal, I agree with Tim: DVD is a superior medium to consumer video tape and Laser disk.

@_date: 2002-06-14 18:47:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Harry Potter released unprotected 
So, is this just a test or has at least one industry giant decided, as the software industry learned long ago, that the cost of copy protection often exceeds its value.
Time to short Macrovision (MVSN, NASDAQ NM)?  In the past year the stock has dropped from about $72 to about $14.  I wonder if their $1.00 drop in price on today's opening reflects this news?

@_date: 2002-07-31 19:41:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: White House Sounds Call For New Internet Standards 
WHITE HOUSE SOUNDS CALL FOR NEW INTERNET STANDARDS
The Bush administration's cyber security czar, Richard Clarke, said it might
be time to replace the "creaky, cranky" 20-year-old protocols that drive the
Internet with standards better able to accommodate a flood of new wireless
devices. Wireless devices, it is feared, may introduce large security holes
to the network. The White House is working with the private sector to draft
a national plan to secure the country's most vital computer networks from
cyber attack.
The plan, expected to be released September 18, will include
several policy recommendations for wireless security. Clarke stated that the
administration had an obligation to take an active role in ensuring the
security of the Internet, especially since nearly 81 percent of major
businesses today use, or plan to use, wireless networks.
[SOURCE: The Washington Post, AUTHOR: Brian Krebs]

@_date: 2002-07-30 01:09:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Learning to love Big Brother: George W. Bush channels George 
[Might be funnier if it weren't so true...]
Learning to love Big Brother
George W. Bush channels George Orwell
Daniel Kurtzman
Sunday, July 28, 2002
)2002 San Francisco Chronicle.
URL: Here's a question for constitutional scholars: Can a sitting president be charged with plagiarism?
As President Bush wages his war against terrorism and moves to create a huge homeland security apparatus, he appears to be borrowing heavily, if not ripping off ideas outright, from George Orwell. The work in question is "1984, " the prophetic novel about a government that controls the masses by spreading propaganda, cracking down on subversive thought and altering history to suit its needs. It was intended to be read as a warning about the evils of totalitarianism -- not a how-to manual.

@_date: 2002-07-23 00:22:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Do we need a national ID plan? 
In  this article  you "That's a reasonable position: The White House has never made an unequivocal statement against the scheme, and it's possible that America could edge toward a situation where the federal government devises an ID and orders everyone to carry it at all times. Most European countries already require just that."
Wouldn't this requirement violate the probable cause requirement for seizures of a person which been defined by a series of cases, beginning with Terry v. Ohio , 392 U.S. 1, 88 S.Ct. 1868, 20 L.Ed.2d 889 (1968)?

@_date: 2002-07-31 15:54:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Hollywood Hackers 
Looks amazingly familiar.  Could it be, could be, could it be.... Mojo Nation (now MNet  )?

@_date: 2002-08-29 02:38:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fwd: EFFector 15.26: EFF Share-In 2002, EFF Panels at DragonCon 
Bummer, its the same day as the 10th Anniversary Bay Area CP meeting.

@_date: 2002-08-28 01:39:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: When Feds are the Crackers 
When Feds are the Crackers
U.S. courts should join Russia in saying "nyet" to the FBI's lawless international hack attacks.
By Mark Rasch Aug 26, 2002
In medieval times, attackers would use a bell-shaped metal grenade or "petard" to break enemy defenses. These unreliable devices frequently went off unexpectedly, destroying not only the enemy, but the attacker. As Shakespeare noted, "'tis the sport to have the enginer Hoist with his owne That's what I thought of when the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) recently announced their plans to charge an FBI agent with hacking -- a crime that the agent committed while investigating Russian hackers.

@_date: 2002-08-20 22:37:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: For Telecom Workers, Burst Of Bubble Takes Heavy Toll (was: 
[Because of its relevance and since most list members are probably not WSJ subscribers, I've taken the liberty of posting the entire article. sds]

@_date: 2002-08-01 19:29:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory hardware 
I think a key difference here is that many, perhaps millions, of consumers are comfortable with assembling their own PCs from components and tweaking SW.  How many consumers assemble their own TV sets?  Volume black markets in underground motherboards and cracking SW may create a viable resistance.  Also, the market for new wizbang PCs may be quickly drying up cutting off
Intel Bets Farm on Moore's Law
By Tom Murphy -- Electronic News, 7/26/2002
Intel Corp. will supply 3GHz Pentium 4 processors in time for the holiday season, accelerating the company's previously announced timetable by nearly a quarter.
Despite trends that show consumers increasingly hunting for value-priced systems with lower-performance processors, Intel is more determined than ever to stay on the Moore's Law growth curve of doubling process speeds every 18 to 24 months.
\Even Gordon Moore, creator of the industry-defining Moore's Law, believes the trend line for adopting faster semiconductors is showing signs of flattening. In spite of that, Intel keeps tweaking the efficiencies of its manufacturing processes, churning out higher-speed machines and introducing eye-opening technology improvements such as HyperThreading and 300mm wafer But Intel's agenda may run deeper than rapid adoption of the new chips. A 3GHz machine would give Intel a substantial lead on rival Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD). And with each new speed grade Intel introduces, it is able to increase the pressure on AMD by dropping the price on lower-performing parts.

@_date: 2002-08-10 06:40:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
I worked there and respectfully disagree.  MN never gained a foothold first and foremost because of the frequent join/leave problem.
This, in turn, was a direct result of insufficient resources to address automated publication of .mp3 header data.  The inability of the client SW to automatically create the header data and publish directories full of .mp3 files at each client meant users had to expend more much effort to make available their content than file-oriented P2P alternatives.  This hurdle, when combined with data retention problems related to other MN deficiencies, assured that little content was available for DL.  New users simply abandoned the effort when they came up empty handed.
The introducer problem could probably have been solved using Usenet postings.  The nature of Usenet meant it could scale and was fairly resistant legal and technical attacks.  Usenet might also have served for a fallback block store but neither approach was ever carefully considered, again due to resource limitations.
My experience is that the malicious client problem was not a major issue.
[much deleted]
At Lucky's Defcon talk he stated that he was a participant in the development of TCPA.  Can't clearly recall in what capacity he served but me recollection is it was as a reviewer.

@_date: 2002-08-10 16:06:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: responding to claims about TCPA 
Indeed.  Another item I recall from Lucky's Defcon talk is that (I assume) Intel are back at it when it comes to obfuscated crypto.  Like the Pentium RNG before it, the TPCA HW will only expose a whitened version making independent analysis difficult-impossible.
   steve

@_date: 2002-08-12 17:20:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BIND-PE 
BIND-PE is a "personal use" automatically installed DNS (Domain Name System) caching only name server. Similar to (but more efficient) than using your default ISP DNS servers.
BIND-PE is a complete DNS Server based on the "ISC BIND 9.2.1" engine. BIND-PE once installed will act as a fully recursive and caching multi-threaded DNS Server (default), with persistent cache capabilities (cache will be maintained between reboots), this will speed up your Internet resolving queries and make name resolutions much more reliable. BIND-PE Version 1.0 distro is aimed at home/SOHO users on WinNT4 SP6, Win2000 and WinXP workstations.
BIND-PE simplifies the task of installing and correctly configuring the DNS service using a completely custom BIND compile for WinNT Operating Systems with an automated "One-Click" setup process for Dial-up, Cable modem, and DSL networks for workstations. Post-install manual changes to configurations are compatible with the standard ISC BIND 9 configuration syntax and examples. For your convenience, a Control Panel similar to BIND 8 versions is active and included with on screen data details (instead of write to file).
All standard as well as new TLD's (.aero etc.) are included and accessible for DNS name resolutions and browsing. Alternate TLD's like  and  (almost 200 additional TLD's) websites which were not normally available in Legacy setups will now be viewable in browsers.

@_date: 2002-08-20 19:12:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Bankrupt Digicash Made $481K in 1999 
Perhaps its my ignorance, but doesn't this form merely mean DC paid the Chaum Family Trust $481K, not  that the company made $481K?

@_date: 2002-08-30 15:13:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: The Liberty Dollar 
No difference except I think I know the risks involved with the current crime syndicate ;-)

@_date: 2002-08-29 23:46:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: The Liberty Dollar 
True but only fractionally (i.e., the precious metal content is only a fraction of the face value).

@_date: 2002-09-13 02:17:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: re: State's medical marijuana proposition doesn't trump federal 
[The following is my response to a related article (unfortunately not on-line) from the Opinion section of the San Jose Mercury News by Larry N. Gerston, a professor of political science at SJSU and political analyst at NBC3, wherein the question is asked whether we should have obey laws we don't like.
Your September 11 SJMN op-ed piece, "State's medical marijuana proposition doesn't trump federal regulations," made some good points regarding the current balance of power between the states and federal government and the importance of obeying laws. And in a perfect world I'd agree, but this is not that world. Sometimes civil disobedience or even criminal action is needed to pressure legislators or the courts to doing what's right. Governmental systems have an inherent mandate to increase power and rarely give it up. When those in authority encounter impediments they will often seek a means, occasionally illegal, to achieve their ends. Our system of checks and balances (including the states) was created to thwart the most dangerous form of anarchy, anarchy from within. Whenever this system fails all our liberties are at stake. Such is the case with the apparently illegal enactment of the 14th Amendment upon which is based much of current federal authority.
At the close of the Civil War the Republican controlled Congress sought to legally "lock in" the expansion of federal authority it had gained as a result of battlefield victories with Joint Resolution No. 127 proposing a 14th Amendment. But once again the Southern States stood in their way. Although President Jackson (who succeeded Lincoln) and Congress had acknowledged the legitimacy of the these duly elected governments, in their frustration the 39th Congress voted, on December 5, 1865, to deny seats in both Houses to anyone elected from the 11 southern States. They also ejected New Jersey Senator Stockton who opposed the bill and would have cast the deciding ballot, and refused to count the denied southern representative's numbers when computing the two-thirds majority Constitutionally required for passage. Whether it requires two thirds of the full membership of both Houses to propose an Amendment to the Constitution or only two thirds of those seated or two thirds of those voting is a question which it would seem could only be determined by the Supreme Court.
Congress cared little about these "minor irregularities" in the proposal and voting process, they proceeded to submit the amendment to the States for ratification. But, surprise, things did not go well. After some legislatures first ratified and then recanted, in the end 16 of the 37 states rejected the measure. When the State of Louisiana rejected the 14th Amendment on February 6, 1867 [making the 10th State to have rejected the same or more than one-fourth of the total number of 36 States of the Union (as of that date) leaving less than three-fourths of the States to possibly ratify the same] the Amendment failed. It could not have been revived except by a new Joint Resolution of the Senate and House of Representatives in accordance with Constitutional requirement.
Congress decided that states legislatures were not free to change their minds on ratification and ignored all those who did so. On the 20th of July 1868 Secretary of State Seward issued his proclamation of ratification of the fourteenth amendment, in which, after reciting the law of 1818 requiring him to publish the ratification of an amendment to the Constitution in the newspapers. However his language in the proclamation shows very clearly that Mr Seward had his doubts about the Constitutionality of the ratification process, and he takes pains to relieve himself of any responsibility by declaring that - "Neither the act just quoted from, nor any other law, expressly or by conclusive implication, authorizes the Secretary of State to determine and decide doubtful questions as to the authenticity of the organization of State legislatures or as to the power of any State legislature to recall a previous act or resolution of ratification of any amendment proposed to the The Senate brushed aside Secretary Steward's concerns and on the next day Senator Sherman offered a Joint Resolution declaring that three fourths and more of the States had ratified the proposed Amendment, and therefore that it was a part of the Constitution. Secretary Steward was pressured into certifying the Amendment as passed. In a Message to the Senate (Senate Ex. Doc. No. 57 of the 39th Congress, 1st Session); President Andrew Johnson commented on the "Concurrent Resolution" of July 21, 1868 "In this matter nothing has happened to change the mind or solve the doubts of the Secretary, but as an executive officer, he was compelled to obey a joint resolution of Congress whatever his own opinion might be of the power of Congress to pass it, that being, as I have said above, a judicial question."
Finally, there are no records showing that the Resolution was ever submitted to the President of the United States for his approbation. According to Article V of the Constitution for the United States; the Resolution is governed by the procedures of U.S. Const., I:7:3 - "Every order, RESOLUTION, or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary, (except on a question of adjournment) SHALL BE PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES; AND BEFORE THE SAME SHALL TAKE EFFECT, SHALL BE APPROVED BY HIM, or being disapproved by him, shall be re-passed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill." We can conclude from the above Message that the President would have "Vetoed" the Resolution. If the Resolution was "Vetoed" [and as there are no Records showing that either House of Congress voted to repass the Resolution over the Veto], we can conclude that the Concurrent Resolution of July 21, 1868 failed.
To all the issues the courts have been mute, however, declaring in Unpublished Opinions that all questions involving the 14th Amendment are "Political Questions" to the Courts. Its this sort of dereliction of duty by the courts that does mortally would our Constitution.
So, in response to you question whether one is free to ignore certain laws, I bow to a basic doctrine adopted by our courts:
16th American Jurisprudence 2d, Section 177, late 2d, Section 256: "No one is bound to obey an unconstitutional law and no courts are bound to enforce

@_date: 2002-09-09 18:04:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: China Reins in Unlicensed Satellites 
China Reins in Unlicensed Satellites
Friday, September 6, 2002
Last updated at 12:33:40 p.m. PT
By JOE MCDONALD
ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER
BEIJING -- Faced with the hijacking of its television signals by Falun Gong protesters and pirate broadcasters, China says it is cracking down on unauthorized use of satellite communication networks and ground relay stations.

@_date: 2002-09-09 18:04:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Balancing Linux and Microsoft 
Balancing Linux and Microsoft
By STEVE LOHR
For nearly two years, Bruce Perens was a senior strategist for open-source software at Hewlett-Packard  an evangelist and rabble-rouser on behalf of a computing counterculture that is increasingly moving into the mainstream. Part of the job description, he was told, was to "challenge H.P. management."
His last day as a Hewlett-Packard employee was 10 days ago. The parting was amicable, Mr. Perens said, but he was fired  "officially a termination," he noted. "It came after a long, long warning," Mr. Perens explained. "The thing that I did that was most hazardous for H.P. is the Microsoft-baiting I tend to do."

@_date: 2002-09-06 17:30:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Google mirror beats Great Firewall o 
Google mirror beats Great Firewall of China
15:55 06 September 02
NewScientist.com news service
China's widely criticised blocking of the web's most popular search engine Google can be defeated by viewing a strange Google mirror site through a mirror, New Scientist has discovered.

@_date: 2002-09-10 05:58:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: A message from Alan I. Leshner, AAAS CEO 
After reviewing the list I don't deny the dangers inherent in experimenting with these items.  My objection has to do with the federal government's Over the past ten years I've made it a "hobby" to study the detailed legislative histories of several key constitutional amendments (e.g., the 14th and 16th) and Supreme Court rulings on these amendments and their interpretations of the Commerce Clause and Necessary and Proper Clauses.  I've read the works of and discussed the findings with a number of Constitutional scholars (e.g., Larry Lessig and Eugene Volokh).  In general they support my conclusions and share a serious concern for the frightening lack of respect Congress and the Supreme Court have shown the Constitution and our liberties.  If I am right substantial portions of federal law passed since the Civil War (and especially since the FDR administration) have no basis in a clear reading of the Constitution.
I have no qualms with my state regulating many of my behaviors and possessions, but find the federal involvement unlawful and unacceptable in this area.  Most of my fellow citizens accept an almost unlimited federal involvement in our daily lives.  The Founders placed many safeguards in the Constitution to prevent this, but Congress and the Courts have found illegal circumventions. Most Americans would rather not know that their liberties have been and are continuing to be drained away by the unconstitutional practices of the supposed guardians of their liberties.  They believe that the current balance struck is the best under the circumstances.  In fact, they are frightened by (or consider mentally unbalanced or unpatriotic) anyone who would raise serious objections. I am left to protect my rights the best I can, even if it means violating unlawful regulations.
If you are one of the "many" you will probably find my ranting that of a loon.  If not, a good place to start your inquiry is with the recently published book, "The Real Lincoln," by Thomas diLorenzo  Its causing quite a stir in American historical circles.

@_date: 2002-09-06 21:49:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: A message from Alan I. Leshner, AAAS CEO 
Thanks Alan but,
This slippery slope concerning the ability of only approved researchers able to engage in science has gone too far and has got to stop.  I don't accept that the "right of society" to protect itself from a few madmen abusers of technology means we all must carry scientist ID cards.  Most of the significant discoveries, until this century, were made by amateurs.  Almost all the R&D I did in the 60s and 70s as an amateur are now regulated.  If I do any research, using whatever chemicals I choose, I won't be filing no "stinking forms.

@_date: 2002-10-13 05:31:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: US developing untraceable weapons 
It tells you the output power, from which one may estimate input power Beam spread is one of the most significant considerations in delivering high energy to distant targets. In general, one wants a large beam size to reduce divergence.
The phenomenon of diffraction influences the propagation of Gaussian light beams. The output of a laser is generally ''pencil-like'' in nature and has a very low divergence, yet is subject to diffraction that causes it to spread. Gaussian beam theory deals with this effect.  The Rayleigh range, Z sub R, is used as a criterion for determining the spreading of a monochromatic Gaussian light beam as it propagates in free space.
In 1987 it was discovered that were ''nondiffracting'' beam types.  The zeroth-order Bessel beam is one such solution and results in a beam with a narrow central region surrounded by a series of concentric rings.  Ideally this beam type exhibits no diffraction or spreading, in practice it is possible to obtain Bessel beams of less than 1/10 the divergence of a Gaussian beam of otherwise similar properties.  Bessel beams have been the subject of intense investigastion for a broad range of optical applications.

@_date: 2002-10-09 00:28:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Kazaa And Exportation of U.S. Copyright Laws 
Mr. Vidster writes "Interesting article in the NYTimes about the potential issues the U.S. justice system must face when dealing with Sharman Networks and KaZaA. Apparently Sharman and KaZaA have servers in Denmark, source code in Estonia, and the developers live in the Netherlands. How far does the long arm of US copyright law reach?"
"War is just a racket ... something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small group knows what its about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses."  --- Major General Smedley Butler, 1933
