
@_date: 2001-12-20 10:31:42
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Concerts to raise money for battle against record companies 
From Slashdot...
"The Recording Artists Coalition, a trade group representing more than 100 entertainers, has booked several sites in Los Angeles for the Feb. 26 concerts.
"Money raised from the concerts will help fund an offensive against the major record labels for allegedly denying musicians a share of royalty "``It's about time for artists to take control of their work and how it is presented to our fans,'' said Dexter Holland of the band Offspring, which will perform as part of the effort."

@_date: 2001-12-18 10:31:59
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: FBI Surveillance Software to be Part of Windows XP Updates 
Only if they first define the terms for "society" - once the definition of such has been twisted to a desirable position (apparently one of a superior, over-riding patriotism in the US), then the introduction of backdoors becomes infintely more arguable. However, should law enforcement be distinguished from law making? Are the motivations of those that want to form a new society different to those that just want to lock up the people who don't?
The SSSCA is a prime example of universal back entrancing - an introduction of government-certified security schemes? What chance would there be that any, if not all of them, would have some kind of unpublicised (at least at first) get-in clause? This scares me more than any possible security flaw...
When the state becomes a higher priority than the people within it, Bad Things happen.
Business monopoly is one way of doing it. Legal presidence over the parts you actually want to control, in order to start eating at everything else is a lot more effective. And easier to maintain.

@_date: 2001-12-18 01:20:13
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: FBI wants worm's keycapture data 
Have to reply to this - the outcome of this is great...
[I *assume* son of, uh, Rudy Rucker, mathemtician and author. I thoroughly recommend "White Light".]
[commentary snipped]
Flantastic! What possible reason could the FBI have come up with (and I would love to see a copy of the request for MonkeyBrain's database) for obtaining such confidential data, even if/especially when illegally obtained in the first place... The only disheartening side of this is that 99% of the people who *should* be querying that list won't ever hear of it... Ah yes, the media loves to report the gory stuff, yet seems all too ready to ignore the /useful/ bits...
Of course, if report mails form the virus were sent to another dozen-and-a-half addresses too, what's the FBI doing about *those* accounts? Did Yahoo et al. just hand over the data as requested? I find it hard to believe that the FBI chased up just one avenue...
Furthermore, under the second phase of the UK Data Protection Act [ if the forthcoming Hague Convention on Jurisdiction and Foreign Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters
[ were to come into force, would I be allowed to ask the Feds for my account details if I lost them?...

@_date: 2001-12-14 13:47:13
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: FBI Surveillance Software to be Part of Windows XP Updates  (fwd) 
Aye, but by whom, on whom?
"A _tongue_in_cheek_ announcement from the group claims that cDc 'has
more targeted experience than anyone else in this field'."
(emphasis is mine)
For me (and thus, naturally, subject to vague romanticisings), the whole article casts an underlying impression that the cDc are using the opportunity to legally advance in their chosen field of expertise. And, from their point of view, why not? (Not to say that I agree with the closed-source obscurity involved in any way.)
Bizarrely(?), the article originally posted to the list by Jei, and that pointed to by the URL in the same message bear discrepancies - quite how these subtle additions worked their way in or out I'm not sure, but the noticeable ones are the headline/author/date, and the addition in the message body of allusions to a RIAA-oriented front rather than an unseen, unpatriotic nemesis that the FBI has so far been concerned with:
The web article quotes...
Reid Fleming, a cDc member, said: "Never before has the US faced a more troublesome enemy. To meet this growing challenge, the FBI has announced an ongoing effort to create and deploy best-of-breed electronic surveillance software.
Compared to the message body...
"...To meet this growing challenge _of_fileswap_terrorism_, the FBI has Checking out the cDc's press release at
reveals some further details, including the idealised purposes of the "The new system will be designed to guard against internet fraud, identity theft*, unauthorized system access*, virus writing*, industrial espionage*, child pornography, information warfare*, public corruption**, composing hate speech, and other serious felonies which threaten the security of our nation and the safety of its citizens."
* Oh, the infathomable irony!
** Or awareness. Whichever comes first.
OK, so no copyright detection techniques in there. Yet.
It then goes on to describe the plans for an established "plug-in" technique to enable plug-n-play spyware, such as Image Analysis (for recognising naughty pictures), trigger word monitoring, and (IMHO most interestingly) this one:
     "LOGIC AND GRAMMAR ENGINES will be able to detect telltale signs of mental disturbance. In conjunction with the text search capability, this feature will weed out the merely neurotic from the dangerously insane."
All thats needed now is to tie it neatly into the N-Gram thread...
But where was the media?
- graham.

@_date: 2001-12-20 13:08:31
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: MS DRM OS 
> Since it seems that the possibility to accomplish what Microsoft has
 > patented has existed for years prior to their disclosure isn't their
 > patent a bit weak?
While I must admit that the implementation of such an idea is intriguing from a purely technical point of view (and has probably been much discussed in various circles), the transition to patenting it with an eye to produce a working product makes its threat to consumer choice all the more real. This is the next, logical step following application/hardware-specific DRM that we are seeing now. After that, it's a small jump to global AOLness - an OS that will only accept content from specific sources, rather than a source that will only play on a specific OS...
The patent was filed Jan 8th 1999, so they've obviously been keeping it in consideration for a while before that, I would assume. It also proves that MS haven't just filed this in light of the recent paranoia or the increasing tension amongst the music industry over the past year or so - according to the kids' FAQ at the USPTO it does take about 22 months to get a patent, so this would have happened in spite of the fearful state of the current music and film industries. This probably means MS have code written for it, a database set-up waiting for the INSERTs to come flooding in, a launch party planned and years of security patches waiting...
 > BTW - what is pedanty? Peasantry? Pedantry?
Definition in a previous mail, but it's an assembly of pedants... There's probably an amusing collective noun for it too :)

@_date: 2001-12-20 10:29:08
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: MS DRM OS 
Damn, I spent ages looking up that word.
M-W doesn't list it, true, so here it is from
pedanty \Ped"ant*y\, n. An assembly or clique of pedants. [Obs.]
Just because it's obsolete doesn't mean I can't use it. Froom, froom and more froom...
The mistaken claimed lack of analogy was a slip on my part. Sorry.
Instead of just miserably pointing out "oh, you're wrong", it'd be infinitely more helpful if you could at least attempt to correct somebody on their errors. I don't know everything. Everyone makes mistakes. Thanks to georgemw for lending a hand though.
"Sometimes I use google instead of pants."

@_date: 2001-12-19 00:38:16
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: MS DRM OS 
On your own roads. And the car maker tells you where you can go to. And which route you have to take. And where you can end up. And then forces you to pay for a map.
If the patent hasn't been picked up by the courts yet, then why not? *If* the SSSCA were to come into effect (and I have heard little about it for several months now... biding its time?), then surely all other OSes (subject to legal boundaries) would be prevented by the patent from implementing the requirements in the bill?
...and to appease the pedanty, it's hard to have a /more/ correct analogy when there was no analogy in the first place. There, got it out of my system...

@_date: 2002-01-17 11:36:13
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft want to be trusted... 
Just to pick up on some of the points in this... Firstly, Bill's defining MS' next big catchphrase, "Trustworthy Computing" (Capitalised. Always with the capitals). After a load of blah regarding where this has come from and what people want, he finally gets down to business, outlining the company's intentions: Availability, Security and Privacy. (Not to be confused with ASP though.)
Availability: Our products should always be available when our customers need them. System outages should become a thing of the past because of a software architecture that supports redundancy and automatic recovery.
Yadda yadda, our products should do what people actually expect them to do in a professional business environment. For a change. Yadda.
Security: The data our software and services store on behalf of our customers should be protected from harm and used or modified only in appropriate ways.
Here we start to ponder the definitions of word such as "harm" and "appropriate". But the fundamental principals are solid, if PR material from the realms of extremist unoriginality. Technical implementation has never been MS' strong point though, and while the e-mail in the link describes the training that all employees are going through, etc, track records and apparent "in-house" experience combined do not particularly bode well. This leaves them at least 2 tracks - either focus on long-term training and experience, expecting numerous flaws and swallowing their pride, or buy and integrate existing tech. Bets please?
Privacy: Users should be in control of how their data is used. Policies for information use should be clear to the user. Users should be in control of when and if they receive information to make best use of their time. It should be easy for users to specify appropriate use of their information including controlling the use of email they send.
With their interest in integral DRM, this was only a matter of time. I've noticed a couple of attempts at e-mail security which have apparently faded into relative obscurity (anyone have any current details of such schemes? Automatic expiraton springs most to mind). Leaving monopolistic tendencies aside (what are the chances you'd be able to read a DRM mail on a non-MS client, even if the sender wanted you to read it?), is this a Good Thing or a Bad Thing? Whilst popularisation of standard encryption, and its understanding, must be good, I fear the element of corporate control over where and when it can be used - it's not hard to imagine "essential patches" to prevent encryption of *illegal*, or indeed simply *controversial* content. It's ok to restrict substance as long as it's non-threatening and uninteresting?
Crypto without fear? A society further embedded in a false sense of security that has even more ammo to throw at those who question it. One to watch closely mayhaps.

@_date: 2002-02-26 17:45:01
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: Court urged to stop medicating of man who made threats against 
Jei said:
  > The Secret Service said evidence against Humphreys included a copy of an
  > internet chat room conversation with the comment: "If you hear that a man
  > runs up and throws gasoline and a match to Bush you will know that God did
  > speak through the burning Bush."
 > IRC chat quote leading to forced medication?
Doubt it. Google spews out
[see last story of section 1] from March 2001, which attributes the same quote to "a
note in Humphreys' vehicle".
Unless Humphreys was so inspired by this statement that he took it with him
wherever he went. Stranger things have happened, I guess.
The most alarming point is that this is the only evidence quoted in the Ananova
article. Criminalizing of the public's perception of the unbranded, uncontrolled
portions of the Internet? If they can't see what you're doing, it's probably
illegal anyway.
(Also from July, for the SD Memorandum Opinion and Order)
 >

@_date: 2002-02-24 11:58:26
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: BBC article: "Vehicles 'tracked'" 
An attempt to ease congestion, using GPS.
"...The Commission, which provides independent transport advice to the government, said Global Positioning System satellites would track vehicles via electronic black boxes fixed to the dashboard.
" Information on their whereabouts could be beamed back to computers at highway authorities or to a private company contracted to the government."
No mention of any controversy other than, I assume, the usual outcry of people who would have to pay more. Gah.

@_date: 2002-02-26 14:42:58
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Cheney: "Atrocity of 9/11 to save tech sector" 
Technology to pimp itself out to a capitalist police state (anyone have a transcript of the speech?) :
Atrocity of 9/11 to save tech sector - Cheney
By Thomas C Greene in Washington
Posted: 26/02/2002 at 12:46 GMT
A profitable surveillance state may rise from the ashes of Ground Zero if the Bush Administration has its way. Indeed, high-tech gizmos will play an increasing role in US military ventures and homeland security, Vice President Dick Cheney said Thursday during a speech at the Tech Museum of Innovation in San Jose, California.
According to a report by Reuters, the Veep reckons that a shift in emphasis from useless consumer gadgets to weapons and surveillance gear will help bring back the roaring '90s, when the phrase 'technology firm' was one of the most powerful incantations of the marketplace.
The Bush Administration is attempting to allocate an additional $85 billion in federal revenue for defense budget increases and homeland defense initiatives from which the technology sector can profit, if it would only turn its genius to The Veep explained that another attack against the Fatherland is inevitable, and suggested that the industry has now been called to a higher mission. "The forces that defend you five or ten years down the road will come from the research we are conducting today," the wire service quotes him as saying.
It would seem that the forces that irritate and delay us, and peer into databases looking for nasty titbits about us, will also come from this research. We note that a day later, fingerprint-recognition outfit Identix announced plans to buy face-recognition outfit Visionics for $269 million in stock.
The Register was first to report that Visionics' technology is a dismal failure in crowd-surveillance situations, a market onto which the company nevertheless persists in pushing itself. But as we noted, face-recognition has some value in controlled authentication situations, especially when backed up with a second check such as fingerprint recognition.
So the merger makes some sense, practically speaking, and might indicate that Visionics is looking to do more than make a fast buck off everyone's terrorist fears in the wake of 9/11 by carving out a more modest niche where it can actually deliver on its promises. .

@_date: 2002-03-01 10:36:16
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: Security co-processor keeps PC platforms safe 
> Harrr, this easily wins "ironic quote of the month", and it's only the first of March. If ever we needed proof that humans will be replaced by AI, it's this idea of Magic Integrity [tm], arising from paranoia induced in people with money   by people that give them money.
In related news, consumers cannot be "trusted" to watch films that studios have spent billions of dollars on for hype, placing the future of film-making innovation and creativity into economic jeopardy. To prevent such a Luddite future, home computers will, by law, include the ability to be remotely notified of a new film that has been hyped to death and stream it whilst automagically paying a fixed rate. To avoid the danger of circumvention, TPM monitors will prevent other programs from illegally accessing the display unit, and TPM speakers will ensure that the volume is set to its maximum. An ATX-TPM power supply ensures that the unit cannot be switched off for the duration of the film.
"This is great news," remarked the movie industry. "Now we don't have to worry about people pirating crap films that nobody would have bought anyway. And consumers get to watch all the latest films, from their home!"

@_date: 2002-03-24 11:02:49
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: signal to noise proposal 
Aha, a simple formula for personal signal-to-noise. This could be extended to include other factors, such as quoting style (where Q is pecentage of mail quoted without reply). Many Fidonet groups used to contain frequent statistics on best and worst posters/quoters/etc.
An automated reputation system based upon postings and replies is all to open to abuse though. Especially in a group such as this, where people post under several different addresses. Reputation-bumping through conversations with self (enlightenment turned practical?) would be too easy without further measures that hindered the simplicity of mailing lists.
Fine for those of us whose mail clients don't support customized headers, or can't telnet to port 25.
Or with too high - must be some kind of niche market for people that want to read crap, look at the kind of forwards I get every day ;)
Ick - as soon as you start to limit people's postings then you're probably in for trouble. While it may be of benefit to the list as a whole to prevent a person from repeatedly posting nonsensicals, the reputational scalability infers that people who would otherwise be able to comment as many times as they liked on any thread that they liked would suddenly find themselves having to choose which messages to reply to, and lo, the whole idea in this case of both the list and moderation of that list, that of encouraging conversation, is endangered. perhaps some kind of cut off point *might* work, with some experimenting as to its boundary, but I am much more in favour of client-specific filtering of message reading rather than writing.
A supplementary web-based interface would be almost essential under a filtered system, I think. The ability to refer to messages you would otherwise never have read is important.
it could also be tweaked differently according to the type of group, too - discussion and announce lists could be within the same barn, just viewed under different parameters.
And how many people, in _general_ (Yahoogroups, MSN communities et al, as opposed to on CP), would probably not bother with moderation at all, but be content to simply hit "delete" for any irrelevant messages?
In fact, how many would actually *reply* to the trolls? ;)

@_date: 2002-03-24 01:31:46
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: signal to noise proposal 
TBH, I'm surprised nobody's mentioned Slashdot yet...
Or perhaps natural inclination when presented to the Hotmail-trained masses. After all, e-mail clients are getting quite complicated these days, what with "Reply to all" and encryption and scary filters and such. I regularly pray for the day when we can stop confusing people by banning procmail...
However, extending the CGI/web archive idea... *Technically*, running the same kind of approach through a combination of both server- and client-side procmail-enabled mailbox processing is feasible. Moderators (however they are decided) may or may not receive list mail before the majority of the readers, at which point either a formatted reply to promote or demote the mail (or simply a reply to indicate approval) back to the listserv would then give the message a rating, which can be passed to the other subscribers, either as part of the original message (this would assume a number of separate mail sessions - one for mods, one for general consumption), or as "appendum" meta-messages. Client-side procmail filters could then easily sort out a ranking system in either case.
The latter section could even be abstracted from the client, as a filtering system based upon subscriber's preferences submitted on joining. This would assume mails being sent out to mods prior to others.
This kind of process seems to work relatively well on Slashdot. However, Slashdot tends to attract more readers than a single mailing list, therefore moderation control is centralised. A larger population of potential mods = a fairer distribution of opinions between mods. Whereas within the small group of a mailing list (even, say, a couple of hundred), this balance can be more readily abused and/or unbalanced.
On the other hand, much of what has evolved over the years within the Slash code   could easily be implemented in a mod-based mailing list, for example posters that get modded up more than others being able to themselves mod more. Once the implementation is there, the similarities are endless.
It's late, I'm a bit drunk, I must sleep.

@_date: 2002-04-08 10:57:12
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: FUCANN Fully UnCentrallized Authority for Naming and 
This only applies to HTTP requests though, AFAIK. The easiest work around, I figure, is a translation proxy that you run (locally) and channel all requests through. This proxy could look up the virtual mapping from a local domain to a "legacy" domain and vice versa. Not big on proxies myself, so not sure how feasible it'd be to either build a custom one, or to adapt an existing one.
Off to look through Squid...

@_date: 2002-04-04 19:04:09
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: FUCANN Fully UnCentrallized Authority for Naming and 
Hey Frob, all.
Been kicking this concept around my head for a while, but never really thought about it seriously. Interested in taking it further and seeing what can be done with it though. Practical usage aside (a separate issue), here are some technical comments...
This is fine if you assume a one-to-one mapping of the original domain names to IP addresses. The problem comes when the server a domain points to is the map for several domains, say via Virtual Hosts or selected forwarding. Many servers use this if they're on a dedicated web-hoster, or for subdomains. Without the ability to differentiate between the intended sites, the practicality of fucann becomes significantly impaired, if based solely on clients' hosts files.
Conflict resolution is fine, but in rev 1.0, revolution conflict is introduced instead: If 2 of the sources in your froots.txt file contain 2 of the same host entries (but for different mappings) and you want one from one and one from the other, then more advanced conflict sorting is needed, perhaps from within a simple client for the purpose...
However, I'd be interested in experimenting with the idea, and have installed
the various win32 ports, host-editing bat files, and set up My First Fhost File...
If anyone fancies discussing this further, get in touch...

@_date: 2002-04-29 11:10:28
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: Got carried away... 
Path of least resistance - *access* to the car is generally not the problem. Instead weaker attacks such as breaking the glass, or forcing the door work much better. Once inside, a different mechanism again would be needed to prevent the car from being hotwired. In short, the addition of PGP doesn't particularly enhance the security, especially if the protocol is still vulnerable to, say, identity theft (the encryption is useless if somebody just steals the PGP keys).
To steal an idea from the Mary Whitehouse Experience, iirc, car security will be complete when we can use imaging technology to disguise someone's latest XR3i as a clapped out Austin MiniMetro*.
Seems that it's just another case of trying to use a buzzword in an unnecessary solution, making it overly complicated from a user POV, and whilst ignoring the other fundamental aspects. As has been pointed out a multitude of times, encryption has its places and uses, most of which will never be the interest, imho, of the common populace. (Only perhaps on a need-to-use basis, such as SSL. I doubt pgp mail encrypting will become "natural", or indeed "sexy" to the sheeple.) And nor should it (have to) be. There are, however, still plenty of places where the techniques are, or would be, of great benefit.
* Purely for demonstrative purposes only, obviously.

@_date: 2002-05-29 16:40:26
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: When encryption is also authentication... 
> If digital crypto, signatures or e-cash are going to get into mass appeal,
 > then their operations will be "magic" to the majority.  And it all has to
 > work, to 1 part in 10^8th or better, without user comprehension.
 >
Agreed, the mechanics of a system are unimportant from a user's point of view, so long as it works and they can work it. What magic crypto should strive for, though, is an understanding in users of the effects its presence promotes, and the ramifications involved when it is lacking.
SSL for commerce is readily in place without batting an eyelid these days. However, I'd be interested to know just how many users out there would enter their card details on an unprotected site, despite the unclosed padlocks and the alert boxes. Have security fears and paranoia been abated by widespread crypto to the point whereby users will happily transmit private data, whether encrypted or nay, just because they *perceive* the threat to now be minimal? Now that the media has grown tired of yet-another-credit-card-hack story?
Pointers to any evidence/research into this much appreciated... ta.

@_date: 2002-05-30 13:57:25
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: sources on steganography 
...or "I am storb." for the proportionally-gifted.

@_date: 2002-06-06 16:06:15
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com - Bush to announce new intelligence agency - June 6, 
"...Answering questions about the creation of the 'Department for Prevention of ThoughtCrime', Bush noted that this was 'clearly a step in the plusgood

@_date: 2002-06-03 15:26:40
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
And/or indeed, on newer players. In the UK at least ( the new generation of anti-theft CDs have been reported to be useless on modern DVD players/car stereos, by design. Some older players either lack the "feature" or are less sensitive, I assume, so can be ok. It's just a case of matching a technology with the right player...
So not content with limiting public demand for new hardware (a minor issue), the extra precautions actively encourage consumers to not buy legal content. Woo. Better to get illegal content that you can do what you want with.
With regards to the analog[ue]/digital stop-gapping, r o f l m a o. This would be just as effective as, ooh, copy-protecting CDs? Oh, humm... Chasing down peer-to-peer outfits? Uhh... Trying to ban videos? Oh, wait...
Firstly, in order to prevent widespread ripping of analog signals through disabling mass consumer device, there needs to /be/ mass consumer ripping. How many people do you know who actually go to the trouble of transferring their taped episodes/films onto their PC? It's not as simple as grabbing mp3s. As with other such "distribution" in its relevant infancy, the hard work's carried out by a much smaller number of people - millions of films may be downloaded every month, but there's generally only 2 or 3 versions of each film, from different sources, max. Believing that crippling the populace will fill this tiny leak is... well, amusing.
Secondly, how much work is going to go into protecting a fading technology? This is from both the MPAA's and the consumers' points of view. For the former, analog avoidance is only of any use if the content is not readily available in digital format already. Most of the analog content that I guess the MPAA want to stop conversion of is either people in cinemas with cameras, or people with tapes of episodes at home. The former is hard to stop through watermarking (I'm unsure of the technicalities, but I'd have thought preserving it between screen and camera would be tricky? Even without people geting uo and walking past the view...), and even then it's only one source of films. The latter is, I suspect, more the target of the MPAA's volley. If this doesn't move towards digital origins, i.e. through PVRs or cable-streams obtained via PC (which are subject to a different smother), then the abundance of existing technology, and probable (anonymous) circumvention   of new ones anyway renders all actions proposed useless. The question then is how much investment do you want to throw away?
Outside the US, I suspect that the circumvention may go the same way as DVD region "control". Looking at players recently, it was quite hard (after checking around, as most people would) to actually _avoid_ region-locked DVD players. The only real factor that really keeps regions in place is their localised supply to meatspace shops, or the boundaries of international postage & packing.
Foolishness, foolishness, and yet more foolishness. Perhaps if we just ignore them, then they'll go away eventually :)

@_date: 2002-07-31 15:26:32
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: Hollywood Hackers 
One practical method that has been, and still remains popular it seems, is a trusted hub approach. DirectConnect, as a more recent example, allows anyone to set up a central hub, and then filter the people connecting to it (e.g. by amount of files shared, or by personal acquaintance), in a very "localised" peer-2-peer group. This is the same tactic adopted by pre-Napster set-ups such as IRC channels, et al.
The obvious downside is immediate choice. Obscurity is naturally exaggerated in comparison to a completely open network. However, smaller groups tend to encourage increased validity of files being offered, especially when only a small number of those people are offering it.
This obscurity can be countered in a number of ways - chained networking, in that one person can be in many groups and thus has access to a wider range, coupled with an anonymous request/barter-driven facility would decrease obscurity without losing much of the validity implicit in trusted groups. History suggests that even in such fragmented environments, content can travel to as many people in as short a time as an open network.
Under this scenario, the opportunities to spread false files are much more limited, as their scope from origin would be more contained, probably averaging 2 or 3 interlinked groups at most.
Not perfect, clearly. But it does seem to be the surviving philosophy.

@_date: 2004-04-29 16:41:01
@_author: Graham 
@_subject: Re: Fact checking 
OK, I admit that I rolled that scheme off the top off my head in about 34 seconds, and that it may well have a hundred holes ready to be shot through it at any time. Still, anything that gets poeple thinking about their vote and perhaps then, by association, their politics, I count as True, there might be an effect whereby voters just go with whatever is deemed "popular", just to ensure they keep their vote without having to think about it too much. But seeing the way (in the UK at least) that the sheeple flock towards whichever leader and/or newspaper is shouting the loudest this week anyway, I'm not sure it's that different to the current state of affairs. Groupthink forms outside the voting station - the pub, workplaces, the gym, wherever. Whether or not people must or musn't vote doesn't change that much, I think.
The MPs, on the other hand, love groupthink. Quantity, not quality.

@_date: 2004-04-28 14:47:55
@_author: Graham Lally 
@_subject: Re: Fact checking 
>
Indeed, why bother? How about a system that removes your right to vote if you haven't exercised it in the last 3 elections? That way you cut out all those who really don't care, and provide an incentive for those who might. Nothing grabs attention like threatening to remove Make sure there's a handy "abstain" option for those who want to get the point across about lack of choice, and maybe a space to say why, too. Then stick the (anonymous) reasons up in a publicly-viewable space and eh, instant feedback.
Or something.
