
@_date: 2013-11-26 01:34:17
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Market 
I'm far less concerned about Satoshi Nakamoto's ending up a trillionaire
than I am about central banks' ability to print money to enrich their
friends at will. It's also unrealistic to require that every alternative
currency that appears be able to absorb the entire world economy; why
can't a cryptocurrency just be one of many options available? I'm hoping
Bitcoin is even just one of many *cryptocurrencies*
available. Monocultures are fragile.

@_date: 2013-11-26 01:50:27
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: bitcoin as a global medium of exchange (was Re: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Mark 
Hopefully Moore's Law will save us, but I actually expect that, should
Bitcoin continue to grow, most payments will be made through payment
services of some kind, with the actual transactions only used to deposit
money in your account with the payment service. This is analogous to how
gold was used once banking became popular.
Should these payment services become full-fledged banks, they could help
with the deflation problem as well by engaging in fractional reserve
banking, the same way banks did with gold. Many people have a negative
impression of fractional reserve banking, but in fact most of the
instability experienced in the US was actually caused by restrictions on
branching and requirements that banks invest in the debt of states that
kept defaulting. Bank failures were much rarer in countries without
these requirements. For example, Canada had *zero* bank failures during
the Great Depression and only created a central bank for the purpose of
facilitating international payments, so that Canadian banks and
businesses didn't need accounts in London.

@_date: 2014-01-02 20:00:08
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: multi-party support for axolotl ratchet? 
Worst case, can't you just compute pairwise keys for each pair of
participants? It'll add (n-2)*keylen bytes to each of your messages, but
it's easy to understand and implement, and most multi-party conversations
don't end up with that many participants anyway.
I think the biggest problem with trying to do anything clever here is that
keeping everyone in sync while simultaneously preventing DoS by one
participant would be pretty difficult. You'd need something like Paxos to
ensure everybody got the messages in the same order, and you'd have to keep
around old keys and messages until everyone acknowledged them, otherwise
participants could easily get "lost."

@_date: 2014-01-17 19:17:19
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
So, if I hire a security guard, and an unauthorized individual "tricks"
them into letting them past and then steals all that stuff, should I let
that guard keep their job? The job of the security guard is NOT to be
tricked, and the job of RSA was to keep their users safe. They fell down on
the job, and many of us don't feel that the harm to their reputation will
be sufficient when it's primarily execs who know nothing about security
making purchasing decisions. Security companies need to be AFRAID of making
the same mistake. They should quake in their boots at the mere thought of
being perceived as cooperating with the government.
Personally, I'd like to see RSA obliterated and its shares worth zero and
all of its executives left destitute. Boycotting the conference is a tiny
token act compared to what should really happen when a security company
doesn't just fail in its core mission but does exactly the opposite to its
customers of what it promised.

@_date: 2014-01-17 18:55:33
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Replacing corporate search engines with anonymous/decentralized search 
I'm talking about anytime you type into text boxes. The goal of this
proposal was to return to the hypertextual nature of the web in order to
reduce our dependence on centralized indexes. However, I find your proposal
to improve the utility of the AwesomeBar interesting.
An even simpler proposal: assuming the AwesomeBar doesn't already include
live bookmarks in its autocomplete functionality, add it. Then anyone can
simply publish their bookmarks via RSS and anyone else can import them.
Then someone can just add functionality to create live bookmarks that pull
signed and possibly encrypted (with Ed25519/Curve25519 of course) RSS feeds
from a DHT.

@_date: 2014-01-02 21:04:17
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Replacing corporate search engines with anonymous/decentralized search 
It works far less, though, since most people expect others to rely on
search engines, so they don't bother to link anymore.
Here's a thought: browser extension that stores your "personal" web index,
and gives you a typeahead menu when you write about concepts in your index,
prompting you to convert phrases to links. Like the way Facebook always
wants to convert the names of people and pages to tags. Even if it were
just primed with Wikipedia, that would drastically reduce the amount of
Google searching people need to do when reading stuff you write.

@_date: 2014-01-02 20:59:58
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
On Thu, Jan 2, 2014 at 10:04 AM, brian carroll
Given that a V2V system can only warn of an impending collision with
another V2V-equipped vehicle, this seems ludicrous to me. Passive systems
like radar and lidar will be cheap enough to be in nearly every new car
soon enough.
However, even if V2V ends up being mandated, whether it's abusable is very
implementation-dependent, and there are already plenty of ways to track
vehicles: license plate scanners, toll transponder readers, even just plain
old image processing on existing surveillance cameras to track vehicles
probabilistically. Oh, and then there's that cellphone you're probably
carrying with you.
Some of these are easier to avoid than others, and a V2V system could
probably be disabled easily. But we're already being tracked, and I doubt
there's much incentive for a politician to go out on a limb to make it even
easier. If we really want to avoid tracking, it's the efforts to network
and database security cameras and ALPRs that we need to go after. Those are
much harder to avoid, even if you don't own a cellphone and ride a bicycle
or walk everywhere.

@_date: 2015-06-30 03:37:39
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
this is not about poor user decisions,
 this is about violation of the contract "a bitcoin is forever (and in
the blockchain)"
With a hard fork, the Bitcoins exist in both forks. If one dies, they live
on in the remaining one. If Bitcoin itself is never forked and dies, the
contract is violated. But I have to ask, contract with whom? This is part
of the specification of the protocol, but people are only bound by it
insofar as they choose to implement the protocol. And probably as far as
they choose to participate in the network. But a fork need not require any
interaction with the original network aside from fetching the block chain
prior to the block it forks from.
 you see expediency, and no excuses for those lacking judgment.
 their eyes prescient instead, until one comes to change the rules out
from under their feet...
I see what could be the only viable course. Consensus is not practical in a
large, diverse community with vastly divergent goals.
 to assume old coins can "just be" resolved for all holders in all
circumstances is to lie, and there is nothing else to call
"deprecating old coins unilaterally" other than a hard-fork, and a
non-consensus one at that.
Nobody can deprecate old coins unilaterally. It's up to each individual to
decide what they're worth and whether to participate. As I said, as I
understand your use of the term "consensus", a hard fork is by definition
non-consensus, because if there were consensus everyone would just switch
to the new protocol. Sure, people could consent to allow others to work on
another protocol, but there will always be plenty of people who only want
there to be one chain, so consensus of that form is impossible.
sure; these are very different from a "non-consensus hard-fork"
 [deprecate old, force to new]
intentionally trying to divert and betray the contract inherent since
the start - a bitcoin is forever - is more than "just a fork", it's
also a stab in the back.
I am sympathetic to the view that "law" = people's reasonable expectations,
but whether those expectations are reasonable is really what we're
discussing here. I think Bitcoin is both too immature and too decentralized
to be able to say yes. Maturity will eventually trump decentralization for
this purpose.
 i don't know how to solve a transition like this, but i know a forced
hard fork is near the worst way to handle it.
I think "forced" is too strong a word here. Against whom is force being
used? Who is having to do something against their will? Or who was
defrauded and by whom? From a consent standpoint, this is no different than
forking any other open source project.
agreed; thanks for the patient response to my dismissive retort.
best regards,
 And thanks for taking the time to discuss this.

@_date: 2015-06-16 00:35:45
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Possible SigInt Metadata Dump Files Circulating 
Wilfred just won the bet he had with his schoolmates that we'd fall for
literally anything, including a claim that the government was tracking the
flow of every single bill and coin in circulation.
Wilfred just won the bet he had with his schoolmates that we'd fall for literally anything, including a claim that the government was tracking the flow of every single bill and coin in circulation.

@_date: 2015-06-30 02:48:04
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
you make lots of false dichotomies here, neglecting the variations in
exchange value between these possible altcoins and forks.
"will have nothing" is not correct.
  maybe a little, maybe a lot, but more than "nothing"
 I'm simplifying out of necessity. Obviously there are intermediate
outcomes possible.
totally screwed - this is where the heated passions about a non-census
hard fork come in. lives on the line, in a not so exaggerated sense.
Yes. And a failure to accept responsibility for one's own decisions. Anyone
gambling everything on Bitcoin right now is an idiot, in my view. Their
opinions should be discounted as they have proven their own judgement
lacking. Perhaps they will be vindicated, but the fact that you happen to
win a poker hand you played badly doesn't retroactively mean you played the
hand well. It means you got lucky.
and by no means am i threating anyone with harm!  i am explaining that
when someone puts  the last half decade of their life and fortune into
a thing, messing with it will always generate inflamed arguments.
regardless of if you're ultimately right or not.
Never said you were the one making threats, and I agree this sort of thing
will create inflamed passions. All the more reason to try to filter out the
opinions of  those with a large stake.
i don't care how you describe that messing, consensus or not, it's
poking in sensitive places all the same...
 A fact that makes Satoshi's decision to remain anonymous seem even wiser
in retrospect. Perhaps this will be required of any such system in the
"not likely" - you're going to gamble livelihoods on a hunch that it's
not likely?
I'm not proposing anyone gambling anything. The gambling is being done by
those holding Bitcoin. Holding Bitcoin places no obligation on anyone else.
It's not a stock or bond or other instrument with an associated contract.
you can see why many are so reluctant - the due diligence is lacking
and the demeanor more experiment than careful transition...
I doubt there is anything the larger stakeholders (as fraction of their net
worth) would accept as due diligence. Nor is any required to start a fork.
Any due diligence is the responsibility of those choosing to operate on the
fork. Those involved should do it to maintain their reputations, but if
they don't, and people get burned, their reputations will suffer. Death
threats and advance pseudo-democracy not required.
 best regards,

@_date: 2015-06-29 01:10:40
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Which means that those with a stake in Bitcoin are better off if a fork
becomes popular than if an altcoin does, because if a fork becomes popular
they will already have a stake in the fork, whereas if the altcoin becomes
popular at the expense of Bitcoin they will have nothing. Of course, if a
fork undermines faith in Bitcoin without becoming popular, everyone will be
screwed. But I don't think this is likely; either it will become popular
and we'll all be better off, or it will flop and nobody will care.
The worst case scenario is that some fatal flaw eventually emerges in
Bitcoin, one that would not have affected a proposed fork or altcoin but
that instead wipes out Bitcoin holders and undermines faith in all

@_date: 2015-06-28 22:52:07
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
That's why I said "their money and...", but you're right, the "and" doesn't
need to be there. Just the money.

@_date: 2015-06-28 21:04:35
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
By the way, "consensus" is a red herring thrown out by those who never want
there to be a fork. There can never be consensus for a fork, because
otherwise it wouldn't be a fork. Claiming there needs to be consensus is
just a way to try to make it look like any fork is somehow unilateral and
undemocratic. But to succeed, any fork by definition needs broad support.
In fact, it's about the most democratic you can get: people put their money
and their mining power on the fork they want. It's those opposing any fork
who are the authoritarians. Obviously, when you consider who's making the
death threats.

@_date: 2015-06-28 20:52:43
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Dnia czwartek, 18 czerwca 2015 18:24:14 Sean Lynch pisze:
Wow, that's a low blow. Arguing by authority, and then a false dichotomy:
"either you know more about Bitcoin than X, or you should not have a voice
 all on this"
Might I suggest considering arguing on the merits instead, next time? :)
 Perhaps if you bothered to read more than the last message in the thread
you would realize that I already attempted that. I think your expectations
are a bit high when there are people on the thread arguing that we should
really consider the opinions of those making death threats. IOW listen to
the terrorists.
It seems to me that people are terrified by a hard fork because they have a
huge stake in Bitcoin. To me that's the best argument there could possibly
be to fork now and get it out of the way. Bitcoin can't survive if it
ossifies due to the fears of morons who can't be bothered to diversify
their investment, and who have such low morals that they'd stoop to making
death threats.
If we're going to argue based on the merits then let's do that, and leave
the death threats and doom and gloom out of it. We need to be thinking
beyond Bitcoin to the future of cryptocurrencies on general, and a healthy
cryptocurrencies ecosystem cannot survive as an ossified monoculture.

@_date: 2015-06-18 18:24:14
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Yes, I'm sure that when people who disagree with you, it's always because
they are wrong and never because you don't understand the situation as well
as you think you do. I'm sure you know more about Bitcoin than Gavin does.

@_date: 2015-06-17 15:44:38
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
It seems to me the real problem would be the community making a big deal
about the fork, not the fork itself. Maybe the fork will take off, in which
case anyone who has a position in Bitcoin now will have a position in the
forked currency, or it won't, in which case who cares? Sure, Bitcoin might
be less valuable for a while while people wait and see how the fork does,
but anyone who thinks a hard fork is a large risk to Bitcoin compared to
all the other risks it faces is deluding themselves.
I think we would all be better off if the community said, "Fine, fork if
you want. May the best fork win," than to sing doom and gloom every time
someone decides not to follow the community process. Besides, a bunch of
different people being involved does not a decentralized system make. Not
if they all have to follow the same process and forks without consensus are
not allowed. That can actually be worse in many ways than a benevolent
dictatorship, because it will quickly ossify as the community grows larger
and more diverse.
If Bitcoin itself had to get community consensus before it was tried, we'd
have no Bitcoin. I have no problem at all with someone deciding to fork it.
In fact, I *prefer* it, because I think in the long run it makes my own
position *more* valuable to have different forks trying different things.
Anyone who holds Bitcoin before the fork gets the sum of the values of
their account on each fork. Over the long run, the value on most forks will
go to zero, but then it's at worst a max function.
Claiming that forks make Bitcoin less valuable sounds to me a lot like
Bernie Sanders saying we don't need so many choices of deodorant.

@_date: 2015-06-16 15:26:01
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_=C4=8Drypto_is_finished=2E=2E=2E_and_it=27s_about_time_=C3=97_=28a?= =?UTF-8?Q?lso=3 
Lots of words, very few details. Fonts getting a "bit pixellated"? Are you
kidding me? Packages "piggybacking on other packages"? This is all very
imprecise language for someone who is attempting to convince us that
something very grave is going on. And as usual, not a single hex dump of a
single packet. Not of any of the packets supposedly spewing out of their
supposedly disabled Ethernet port, not out of their supposedly disabled
wifi card, not of one of these supposedly piggybacked packages.
I can imagine why the writing of someone who was up against something like
this might sound like the ravings of a lunatic. That's why I read the whole
thing. But as I read, I kept wondering where the "there" was. But this
feels far more like the sudden significance everything takes on when you
take a hit of acid or are about to have a temporal lobe seizure than a
genuine realization.
 I'm not saying these capabilities don't exist; I'm sure they do. I'm not
even saying the author is lying or stupid. But most of us who are attracted
to security research are a bit "on the edge" to begin with, and it seems
like Snowden's revelations and the like have created all-powerful bogeymen
in some of our minds and pushed us over the edge. We have people making
claims like the NSA can break any encryption, that computers are
communicating by sound (yes, BadBIOS is another of these), and that they've
been "painted" by a network with all sorts of vague capabilities.
I've been reading these stories with an open mind. Maybe some people in
this field just talk that way. Maybe they're vague because they want to
keep their research proprietary. But if that were the case, why not say so?
Why not say what work you have yet to do and give an approximate date for a
full announcement?
Even assuming some of these claims are true, not asking for more evidence
robs us of the ability to defend ourselves. Running off to build f2f
networks is fun and all, but it's not going to do a lick of good if we have
no idea what we're up against beyond some vague descriptions, especially
when you consider that the capabilities of our adversaries go well beyond
the technological. There is such a thing as technological security that's
"too good", when you've spent all your time defending against technological
attacks only to succomb to, as others on this thread have pointed out, a
rubber hose.
I love that this group is open minded. I love that anyone can make a claim
and it will get seriously considered by many without requiring special
credentials. But I also feel like a lot of people here are very easily
ratholed by extraordinary claims that lack not just extraordinary evidence,
but any evidence whatsoever other than someone we may or may not know well
saying it's so.

@_date: 2015-07-06 17:04:56
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Transparency is also useful, and privacy can be built on top of it through
the use of, say, Chaumian e-cash backed by a blockchain-based
cryptocurrency. It's a lot easier for the issuing organization to prove
that it has a certain amount of Bitcoin than a certain amount of gold.
E-gold and even one of the gold ETFs have been accused of double-counting.
And if you're using Tor to connect to the network and break up your
transactions, it's pretty easy to obfuscate, even without ZeroCoin, and
ZeroCoin just fixes the whole problem.

@_date: 2015-07-06 02:52:47
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Way back in the beginning I said an ever growing block chain would cause
unacceptable costs and inconvenience, and lo and behold, it is causing
substantial and ever growing costs and inconvenience.
Of course, restraining the block chain to manageable growth without
losing other good characteristics is inherently hard, and it was a lot
easier for me to point at the problem than to fix it.
 I had been hoping that we would see more stuff happening off-blockchain by
now, with Bitcoin acting more as a clearing house between smaller payment
providers, but all the regulations protecting the big banks from
competition make it really hard to do anything off-blockchain that looks
even remotely like a payments service. Side chains of some kind seem like a
reasonable approach, and I'm guessing that it will be the difficulty of
dealing with the "central" block chain that will finally force people "over
the hump" into using some kind of sidechain payments system. I really want
to see micropayments, for example, and those seem to be too unwieldy and
expensive to do the main chain.

@_date: 2015-07-08 00:08:40
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin philosophical musings and pressures 7 years in [drifted from: txrate, forking, etc] 
This is not what most people mean when they say "rich get richer." They're
talking about 1%ers or whatever. In any case, you still seem to be making
unfounded claims about the intent behind Bitcoin, when we have statements
of intent in the creator's own words. Many believe Satoshi is also rich,
Bitcoin-wise, but we don't even know for sure that they have the key to the
account or that they will ever spend that Bitcoin. Personally, I hope they
do. The creator of Bitcoin deserves to be rewarded.
No real way of knowing. I only have anecdotal evidence.
Probably a lot. But that's true of cash as well.
My apologies. I was confused by your use of the phrase "government cash."
Government cash is fiat, but not all fiat is cash. But the cashless
societies already being proposed and implemented are fully centralized and
much easier to trace than Bitcoin, because they require bank accounts with
their concomitant "know your customer" regulations. Bitcoin doesn't make
this situation worse, and by enabling other applications on top of it,
including untraceable e-cash, will only make it better.
Can you elaborate? Does your use of quotes around the word "popular"
indicate sarcasm? My understanding was that a number of merchants had
started using a payment system that used dollars from foreign credit cards
to buy Bitcoin so that they did not have to accept the government-imposed
exchange rate. I'm definitely interested in your insights on this, since
I've never visited a country that was experiencing rampant inflation,
unless you count the US in the late '70s, about the time I was entering
grade school.
I think you overestimate the government's ability to exert control,
something many of the participants in this list have devoted their lives to
reducing. It's the whole point of Bitcoin, so it seems like you're
basically just saying "Bitcoin will fail at its mission and instead just
get coopted by the powers that be." Or maybe you think that Bitcoin is just
a reckless toy created by greedy first worlders?
It depends on what you mean by "exist." The people on this list have
created several. It seems like a major reason that none of them has taken
off has been the need for trusted third parties, something that can be
reduced or eliminated through the use of the blockchain, if not Bitcoin
itself. Bitcoin could, for example, be used as a clearing currency between
various Chaumian e-cash issuers, the same way gold used to be used as the
international clearing currency until Bretton Woods.
Indeed, something I have repeatedly ranted against. So far the regulation
has not had much impact on Bitcoin itself. No legally "tainted" or
"whitelisted" coins yet.
I'm not even sure what form outlawing Bitcoin would take in the US. I
suppose they could try to define mining or even running a full client as
operating a payment service. But that would take some backtracking after
all the regulatory efforts. Which may be a reason I should not be ranting
against regulation; it hamstring's government's ability to completely
outlaw it later.
Perhaps, but that actually seems to be the crux of what we're arguing about
here, and of many arguments on this list. What are the actual capabilities
of the adversary? You don't want to underestimate, but at the same time, if
you overestimate, you may miss a potential solution. Some are probably
living as hermits because they think they're being monitored and/or given
cancer by the smart meter mesh network. Personally, I tend to doubt that
the government's capabilities significantly exceed what's available to the
general public, except in terms of the money they're able to bring to bear,
which is blunted somewhat by the extreme inefficiency of government
A "litmus test" issue might be whether you think the NSA's expressed
surprise over Snowden's leaks was genuine. I tend to think it was, and that
his documents are genuine. I see no reason for the NSA to be substantially
more competent than, say, the OPM. They're each large organizations with no
bottom line that attract people of flexible moral character who are
attracted to power and/or job security. I don't think those traits tend to
lead to effective organizations, as much as a number of Hollywood movies
would like us to believe.
A kind of fun book on the OTHER side of the spectrum from what I believe
about government's capabilities is Daniel Suarez's book Influx, about a
government agency tasked with keeping technologies out of the hands of the
public. I think you'd need a pretty substantial head start before
technological advantages can overcome organizational and general human
disadvantages, though. I.e. leaks, infiltration, etc.

@_date: 2015-07-07 22:27:01
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin philosophical musings and pressures 7 years in [drifted from: txrate, forking, etc] 
Really? What rich person has gotten richer through Bitcoin so far?
Remittances seem like the biggest use of Bitcoin at the moment. Sure,
there's plenty of speculation, but your claim that Bitcoin's purpose is to
make the rich richer is also speculation. And FUD.
I can't imagine you've read a single thing written by the people who
influenced the creation of Bitcoin if you think that the collapse of fiat
currencies is an unintended consequence. Any fiat currency that is so bad
that its users prefer to use Bitcoin deserves to collapse. Of course, so
far, while Bitcoin has become popular in places like Argentina and
Venezuela, the US dollar remains by far the more popular alternative
currency in those places. And if Greece exits the Euro and starts printing
Drachmas there, they will have to worry about people trading their Drachmas
for Euros, not for Bitcoin.
 By what evidence do you estimate that this is a "likely" scenario? You may
be right that many nation-states and banks will be loathe to accept an
untraceable and uncontrollable crypto-currency, but that's the whole point;
they're not going to have a choice. Cryptocurrencies don't have to be legal
to be disruptive. The main problem that they've run up against before now
is the lack of healthy underground markets to take advantage of them. Given
time, governments' and banks' opinions and policies about cryptocurrencies
will become irrelevant.

@_date: 2015-07-05 17:04:09
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: There's this really kewl mesh network that's being deployed world-wide... 
...have you heard about it? No? Well...odds are you've already given
implied consent for the IoT.
https ://
LOL. If you don't work for the NSA, they probably love you for getting
people to focus on harmless (and pointless, and overpriced) smart meters
instead of the real, extremely harmful mass surveillance that's happening.
The power output from these things is substantially lower than a cellphone
or wifi device due to their low data rates, hence the need to mesh.

@_date: 2015-07-29 03:17:03
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Open Fabs 
If you're willing to sacrifice some performance and power efficiency, you
can always use an FPGA. The tools aren't open, but it seems like it would
be a lot harder to make an FPGA or FPGA tools to backdoor arbitrary
circuits. You could potentially do the "reflections on trusting trust"
thing and detect and backdoor each of the major open source processor
cores, but it seems pretty unlikely that such a thing wouldn't leak.
On the other hand, I also seriously doubt Intel CPUs are backdoored, so
maybe my paranoia isn't properly calibrated. Even if you generally trust
Intel, though, FPGAs could still potentially protect you from all the
investment the NSA has undoubtedly put into finding bugs and side channels
in the widely used CPUs, though. And being much simpler, something like
OpenRisc or J1 or SPARC v8 probably has far fewer places for such
flaws/side channels to hide.
On the gripping hand, none of those processors gives you an equivalent of
Intel's TXT mode, and I'm not sure but it's probably much easier to dump
internal state from an FPGA, so you could be more vulnerable to cold boot
and evil maid attacks.

@_date: 2015-08-28 17:03:03
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] M.Hearn adds privacy depriority to Bitcoin XT, calls your Tor/Proxy/etc use "unimport 
The feature is very clearly described on the BitcoinXT web site, and you're
mischaracterizing it by saying BitcoinXT downloads the list "for
blacklisting." It is a DoS protection feature that ONLY comes into play
under overload. And yes, BitcoinXT considers Tor connections "less
important" than non-anonymous connections during attacks. You may not agree
that that's a good heuristic, but if that's your problem with it, say so.
From "Anti-DoS attack improvements, by Mike Hearn. It's currently possible to
jam a Bitcoin node by connecting to it repeatedly via different IP
addresses, as there is a fixed limit on how many connections a node will
accept. Once full, no other peers or wallets can connect to it any more and
serving capacity for new nodes and P2P wallets is reduced. If the attack is
repeated against every node, the entire network could become jammed.
"This patch set introduces code that runs when a node is full and otherwise
could not accept new connections. It labels and prioritises connections
according to lists of IP ranges: if a high priority IP address connects and
the node is full, it will disconnect a lower priority connection to make
room. Currently Tor exits are labelled as being lower priority than regular
IP addresses, as jamming attacks via Tor have been observed, and most
users/merchants don't use it. In normal operation this new code will never
run. If someone performs a DoS attack via Tor, then legitimate Tor users
will get the existing behaviour of being unable to connect, but mobile and
home users will still be able to use the network without disruption."
Please specify how that is "misleading" or "downplaying."

@_date: 2015-08-28 17:03:03
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] M.Hearn adds privacy depriority to Bitcoin XT, calls your Tor/Proxy/etc use "unimport 
The feature is very clearly described on the BitcoinXT web site, and you're
mischaracterizing it by saying BitcoinXT downloads the list "for
blacklisting." It is a DoS protection feature that ONLY comes into play
under overload. And yes, BitcoinXT considers Tor connections "less
important" than non-anonymous connections during attacks. You may not agree
that that's a good heuristic, but if that's your problem with it, say so.
From "Anti-DoS attack improvements, by Mike Hearn. It's currently possible to
jam a Bitcoin node by connecting to it repeatedly via different IP
addresses, as there is a fixed limit on how many connections a node will
accept. Once full, no other peers or wallets can connect to it any more and
serving capacity for new nodes and P2P wallets is reduced. If the attack is
repeated against every node, the entire network could become jammed.
"This patch set introduces code that runs when a node is full and otherwise
could not accept new connections. It labels and prioritises connections
according to lists of IP ranges: if a high priority IP address connects and
the node is full, it will disconnect a lower priority connection to make
room. Currently Tor exits are labelled as being lower priority than regular
IP addresses, as jamming attacks via Tor have been observed, and most
users/merchants don't use it. In normal operation this new code will never
run. If someone performs a DoS attack via Tor, then legitimate Tor users
will get the existing behaviour of being unable to connect, but mobile and
home users will still be able to use the network without disruption."
Please specify how that is "misleading" or "downplaying."

@_date: 2015-08-11 19:49:45
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Privacy advocates resign over facial recognition plans 
So what do people think of David Brin's "transparent society" approach to
this problem? We can't completely stop ourselves from being watched, but we
can make use of all this technology ourselves. Police have ALPRs and
dashcams and bodycams, but by and large they have actually resisted
expansions of their own surveillance because they want the flexibility to
be able to make up justifications after the fact. Phone cams have for the
most part taken that choice away from them. The result seems likely to be
less police abuse than at any point since at least the early 20th century
in the US.
Even Snowden's leaks were enabled by very similar technologies to what the
NSA deploys against us.
Is there any reason to believe that, overall, technology will benefit
governments more than it does individuals?

@_date: 2015-08-13 22:13:56
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Open Fabs 
Sorry for the delayed response. I have been falling behind on my personal
This is what *I* meant. I was assuming an open source CPU design, which
would make dumping the configuration ROM pointless.
This is what I was thinking of, though the terminology had escaped me for
the moment.
Sounds possible but much harder to do and with lower impact than
backdooring a widely used CPU, at least until a bunch of people the
government considers threats start using soft cores.
Might it be possible to use a glitch attack to prevent this from happening?
I guess the question is, would you trust an FPGA's block RAM more than you
would TXT and L1 cache on an Intel CPU to protect sensitive data?

@_date: 2015-10-20 17:23:10
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Facebook admits obvious, Claims miraculous knowledge of States G-Men 
Really? When have you stopped missing the point?
AIUI state-sponsored actors have primarily been targeting people from their
own state, so to the extent "hayrab" governments have been going after
accounts, it's been other "hayrabs" trying to free their own people. And
the Chinese and Russians figure largely as well, again primarily going
after their own people. Last I checked the Russians were themselves
Christian and Jewish and are probably going after the accounts of Muslims
quite frequently.
A large fraction of Facebook's growth is coming from Indonesia, which is a
Muslim country. None of it is coming from the US, and very little from
Europe. You really need to get your facts straight.

@_date: 2015-10-19 23:53:38
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Facebook admits obvious, Claims miraculous knowledge of States G-Men 
I suppose you would prefer they just kept their mouths shut when they
discover a state-sponsored actor is targeting someone?
Damned if you do, damned if you don't, I suppose.

@_date: 2015-10-30 20:01:18
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Shiny stuff and designer societies (addenda) 
I don't agree.  The only reason human beings require society to survive is
that all the other human beings are also using up resources, so if we did
not coordinate our use of resources (via the market) we would exhaust them
and perish.
As an anarchist I disagree with this characterization.
I agree.
No. Society is an emergent phenomenon whether or not you want it to be. It
does not pre-exist individual interactions with one another. A thousand
people who never meet and whose actions never affect the others do not form
a society. It is not until they get together and interact that you have a
This is an anti-human, anti-life sentiment. If you'd prefer we leave the
universe as dead rock, please feel free to kill yourself and leave it to
those of us who believe in life.
Even if there are aliens, the galaxy is almost certainly unimaginably
sparsely populated. Even on Earth, I can think of no tale of a human being
ever having been hit by a meteor, much less a piece of falling space debris.
I'm certainly happy to leave the planet to you when I go. I'm guessing your
descendants will still be here when the sun renders it uninhabitable. Or
maybe they will have wiped out the planet in a war over ideology, because
they believe in a fictitious "collective."
Go look up the definition of the word "practically." I'll wait.

@_date: 2015-10-30 17:01:45
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Shiny stuff and designer societies (addenda) 
This may seem like something of a red herring, but I wish more people read
Adam Smith's Theory of Moral Sentiments before, instead of, or at least in
addition to An Inquiry Into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations.
And definitely instead of (or at least before) anything written by Ayn
Rand. I think Rand and cherry-pickers of Smith have done a lot of damage to
the cause of individualism and free-marketism.

@_date: 2015-10-29 22:27:46
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Shiny stuff and designer societies (addenda) 
I aim for the heads of people who aim for such a society, because "we" is a
fiction. It is just a way of saying "I" while pretending you have others'
interests in mind. You can only speak for yourself. Trying to speak for
anyone else who has not asked you to is just another form of coercion.

@_date: 2015-10-30 20:03:56
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Amish man sues government to buy firearm without photo ID 
To my knowledge, nobody has yet gone to jail over a Liberator.

@_date: 2015-10-30 18:05:18
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Amish man sues government to buy firearm without photo ID 
I hope they start making their own guns, at which point the government will
be faced with the choice of either allowing it or allowing anyone whose
religion prohibits photographs to purchase firearms without photo ID. Or in
fact to exercise any other right without photo ID.
Or maybe they'll just send in the ATF tanks, burn down their houses, and
pretend the Amish set the fire themselves.

@_date: 2016-01-06 23:09:43
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Freedom Foundation selective in support of freedom 
I think you're leaving out something kind of important in your comparison.
Whatever you think of the morality of what Wikileaks is doing (personally,
I strongly support it, even if I don't consider Julian Assange the best
poster child), they *are* breaking US law. Amazon's terms of service don't
allow that, and AIUI that's what Lieberman's (who is below Satan and Eric
Posner on my list of favorite people) letter said. I'm guessing the circuit
court would not have found that the sheriff's letter to the credit card
companies constituted a prior restraint on freedom of speech had it been
about Backpage's breaking the law.
Everyone needs to make their own choices about where they want to take
risks and spend their time and credibility/political capital. I'm happy
Greenwald and the EFF do what they do. I don't think they're perfect, but
I'm not one to talk; I've found myself self-censoring quite a lot more
since my kids were born.
I'd certainly prefer a world with the EFF and Greenwald but without the
NSA, CIA, GCHQ, etc. I'm sure you don't mean this literally, but I do think
it's important to keep a sense of perspective.
If you're dissatisfied with the willingness of various dissidents to...
well... dissent, let's talk about how we can influence them or others to
dissent in ways you think will be more effective.

@_date: 2016-02-17 19:07:53
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Cicada 3301: 2016 
Yep. Now that I've looked into it some more, it does seem quite unlikely
this could be a viral marketing campaign. AR game for the fun of it seems
more likely to me at this point.

@_date: 2016-02-12 21:40:53
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Small codebase as a prerequisite for security 
On Thu, Feb 11, 2016 at 8:20 PM Peter Gutmann Obviously on a device with no MMU or supervisor mode everything running on
it is your trusted computing base.
Security is not binary.

@_date: 2016-02-12 00:02:37
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Cryptsy theft->bankruptcy 
Fuck the authorities. How about informing their customers? Continuing to
take money from people without telling anyone about the breach is fraud,
plain and simple. I hope they lose their shirts in the lawsuit, and I won't
shed a tear if one of their customers decides to take more drastic action.

@_date: 2016-02-08 19:24:02
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Assange to Surrender to Brits, Snowden was to be Rendered via Danes 
He said he would surrender should the UN find against him, when it has
actually found in his favor. So he's still in the embassy AFAICT.
 Is there an API-accessible or otherwise machine-readable list of these
somewhere? I've started playing with ADS-B reception, and I'd like to
automatically flag any "interesting" call signs.

@_date: 2016-02-08 19:16:40
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: UK Imperialists Assert Snoops and Bobbies Over US, US Colony Agrees 
Makes more sense when you realize that the UK and US governments are
essentially one and the same. When governments talk about sovereignty, they
don't mean independence from other governments or from international
bodies; what they really mean is independence from any competing
ideologies. There is no substantive difference between the ideologies of
the US and UK governments.

@_date: 2016-02-03 00:01:19
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: What you can hear at Davos... With RTL-SDR 
It's probably a lot easier to get up and running with dump1090:
 . Just start it up with the -net flag
(or --net?), and it will start a web server on port 8080 by default. It
uses Google Maps for the slippy map, which may or may not meet your needs.
On Thu, Jan 28, 2016 at 2:04 AM Konstantin Kowaiski <

@_date: 2016-02-02 21:34:25
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] National Archives API 
If you look in the parent directory[1] there are node.js[2] and Ruby[3]
clients for the API, along with some basic examples that may serve to get
you started. Send me a private email or Google Hangouts message if you need
any help getting those up and running and I'll see what I can do.
[1] [2] [3]

@_date: 2016-02-17 19:07:53
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Cicada 3301: 2016 
Yep. Now that I've looked into it some more, it does seem quite unlikely
this could be a viral marketing campaign. AR game for the fun of it seems
more likely to me at this point.

@_date: 2016-02-17 19:07:53
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Cicada 3301: 2016 
Yep. Now that I've looked into it some more, it does seem quite unlikely
this could be a viral marketing campaign. AR game for the fun of it seems
more likely to me at this point.

@_date: 2016-02-08 22:13:10
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Cicada 3301: 2016 
I'm surprised anyone thinks this could possibly be anything besides a viral
marketing campaign. AR games are all the rage these days.

@_date: 2016-02-08 22:13:10
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Cicada 3301: 2016 
I'm surprised anyone thinks this could possibly be anything besides a viral
marketing campaign. AR games are all the rage these days.

@_date: 2016-02-08 20:16:58
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Using SDR 
Yep, a dead-man switch of some kind is a good idea regardless of what other
techniques you're using.
Sure, but if you have a very long (or effectively infinite) PN sequence,
your carrier needs to be structured enough to recover some large counter.
GPS qualifies, as probably does WWV and its non-US brethren.
Sure, if you don't care about MIMO, there are lots of ways to steer your
beam using relatively cheap circuitry. You can have multiple
transmit/receive antennas and just adjust their relative phase. AIUI this
is how the LoJack locators operate. Switching reflectors on and off
independently as you suggest here would allow multiple beams, though their
relative phase would not be adjustable. It all goes toward the goal of
minimizing the amount of energy you emit that isn't directed toward the
receiver, though.
Thanks for posting the latest version of your slides. I read what I think
was an earlier version previously. I am working on upgrading my amateur
radio license, so soon I will get some experience with some of the weak
signal modes you talk about.

@_date: 2016-02-08 20:16:58
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Using SDR 
Yep, a dead-man switch of some kind is a good idea regardless of what other
techniques you're using.
Sure, but if you have a very long (or effectively infinite) PN sequence,
your carrier needs to be structured enough to recover some large counter.
GPS qualifies, as probably does WWV and its non-US brethren.
Sure, if you don't care about MIMO, there are lots of ways to steer your
beam using relatively cheap circuitry. You can have multiple
transmit/receive antennas and just adjust their relative phase. AIUI this
is how the LoJack locators operate. Switching reflectors on and off
independently as you suggest here would allow multiple beams, though their
relative phase would not be adjustable. It all goes toward the goal of
minimizing the amount of energy you emit that isn't directed toward the
receiver, though.
Thanks for posting the latest version of your slides. I read what I think
was an earlier version previously. I am working on upgrading my amateur
radio license, so soon I will get some experience with some of the weak
signal modes you talk about.

@_date: 2016-02-08 20:16:58
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Using SDR 
Yep, a dead-man switch of some kind is a good idea regardless of what other
techniques you're using.
Sure, but if you have a very long (or effectively infinite) PN sequence,
your carrier needs to be structured enough to recover some large counter.
GPS qualifies, as probably does WWV and its non-US brethren.
Sure, if you don't care about MIMO, there are lots of ways to steer your
beam using relatively cheap circuitry. You can have multiple
transmit/receive antennas and just adjust their relative phase. AIUI this
is how the LoJack locators operate. Switching reflectors on and off
independently as you suggest here would allow multiple beams, though their
relative phase would not be adjustable. It all goes toward the goal of
minimizing the amount of energy you emit that isn't directed toward the
receiver, though.
Thanks for posting the latest version of your slides. I read what I think
was an earlier version previously. I am working on upgrading my amateur
radio license, so soon I will get some experience with some of the weak
signal modes you talk about.

@_date: 2016-02-06 20:42:44
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Using SDR 
Sorry about that. I had initially considered including a reference, but I
figured it was an easily Googlable term. Name collisions hadn't occurred to
me. My radio knowledge is a mix of modern Ham education and 1950s era Ham
education, the latter because those were the books my tiny middle school
had in its library :)

@_date: 2016-02-06 20:42:44
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Using SDR 
Sorry about that. I had initially considered including a reference, but I
figured it was an easily Googlable term. Name collisions hadn't occurred to
me. My radio knowledge is a mix of modern Ham education and 1950s era Ham
education, the latter because those were the books my tiny middle school
had in its library :)

@_date: 2016-02-06 20:40:21
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Using SDR 
Indeed. Having a spotter there is probably the best solution.
This is why you use an attenuator. I wouldn't think law enforcement DF
equipment would be fooled by such a thing, since for example FCC will often
be looking for people who are outputting too much power, which on the ham
bands is going to be multiple kilowatts (I think they've mostly given up on
CB except when it starts interfering with licensed users).
Perhaps, but I'm not about to suggest that anyone break the law.
How do you train out of band? By modelling the environment? That's an
interesting thought, and I suspect Google Earth has enough data to be able
to do it in a lot of places. Are you aware of free or inexpensive software
packages for doing this?
Aren't you just talking phased array for something like this though? Or do
you mean using phase information from the receive antennas to reconstruct
the environment rather than using phasing at the transmit side to steer
your beam? That's a very interesting idea since it can give you a 360
degree view with no need to steer your beam, in the same way that some
blind humans can use clicks to get a picture of their entire environment.
(I use humans and not bats because I think bat sonar is pretty directional,
whereas human ears can localize sound quite precisely without any need to
turn one's head.)
This is definitely an area I'm interested in, so I'd love to hear more of
your ideas, as may Jeremy, so if it's beyond what is generally tolerated on
this list, private email would be fine, or if you have a list in mind I'd
be happy to subscribe if I'm not already.

@_date: 2016-02-06 20:40:21
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Using SDR 
Indeed. Having a spotter there is probably the best solution.
This is why you use an attenuator. I wouldn't think law enforcement DF
equipment would be fooled by such a thing, since for example FCC will often
be looking for people who are outputting too much power, which on the ham
bands is going to be multiple kilowatts (I think they've mostly given up on
CB except when it starts interfering with licensed users).
Perhaps, but I'm not about to suggest that anyone break the law.
How do you train out of band? By modelling the environment? That's an
interesting thought, and I suspect Google Earth has enough data to be able
to do it in a lot of places. Are you aware of free or inexpensive software
packages for doing this?
Aren't you just talking phased array for something like this though? Or do
you mean using phase information from the receive antennas to reconstruct
the environment rather than using phasing at the transmit side to steer
your beam? That's a very interesting idea since it can give you a 360
degree view with no need to steer your beam, in the same way that some
blind humans can use clicks to get a picture of their entire environment.
(I use humans and not bats because I think bat sonar is pretty directional,
whereas human ears can localize sound quite precisely without any need to
turn one's head.)
This is definitely an area I'm interested in, so I'd love to hear more of
your ideas, as may Jeremy, so if it's beyond what is generally tolerated on
this list, private email would be fine, or if you have a list in mind I'd
be happy to subscribe if I'm not already.

@_date: 2016-02-05 20:52:55
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Using SDR 
Radio is being used right now to provide anonymity, but it's being used[1]
to hide endpoints similar to the duct-taped payphone trick depicted in
Hackers, in order to avoid attacks like the one used to capture Ross
Ulbricht without giving him a chance to wipe his computer (they snuck up
behind him and pinned his arms, but they would have just rushed him had
that not been possible). If you use a device like the ProxyHam and you sit
somewhere where you can see it, there's a reasonable chance you'd spot
someone who's trying to find you, giving you a chance to hit your panic
button and escape.
The older, lower-tech version of this trick is to use a high-gain antenna
like the Cantenna or a Yagi to use a public wifi AP from a stealthy,
defensible location. The problem with this is that this presents no
challenge to RDF (radio direction finding) equipment designed for WiFi.
That's the big advantage of the ProxyHam, since whoever is looking for you
probably won't know in advance what frequency you're using. And solving
that problem in a general way requires MUCH more expensive gear than just
locating WiFi clients.
If you're concerned about someone coming after you with much more capable
RDF equipment, you are now talking about LPI (low probability of intercept)
communications. This could be something as simple as a longwave infrared
optical link, which won't show up on regular CCD or CMOS camera even
without an IR filter. With SDR you might use some form of non-sinusoidal
spread spectrum with extremely high processing gain so you'll be well below
the noise floor and your carrier won't be recoverable using autocorrelation
techniques. Some UWB techniques fall into this category, though because
"legal" UWB is required to be confined to a narrower bandwidth, it's
probably detectable.
It MAY be possible to use SDR to achieve LPI while still remaining within
FCC Part 15 just by using very low bitrates relative to the bandwidth
allowed to you by law. There is a minimum energy per bit dictated by the
noise spectral power density (W/Hz) no matter how much processing gain you
have, which means there's only so much wider-bandwidth modulation can do to
prevent you from being noticed as a source within whatever bandwidth you're
using. To go lower, you have to lower your bitrate or use a higher gain
Actually, that gives me an idea: MIMO precoding[2] (versus spatial
multiplexing, which is useless for your purposes). MIMO precoding devolves
to beam-forming in the absence of reflectors like buildings, but in an
urban environment, you get a complex combination of signal paths, with only
a part of the signal following any given path and coming together only in
the vicinity of the other station, but from multiple directions. I would
think that would make RDF extremely difficult without fooling the target
transceiver into talking to the wrong radio. This is state-of-the-art
stuff, though, requiring multiple transceivers, a decent amount of
computing power, and someone with a lot of knowledge in the field. But it
would be a really neat project with a lot of practical applications.
MIMO precoding requires a "training" phase where they discover one another
by transmitting some easily "locked-onto" signal so that each receiver can
find the other transmitter independently. This doesn't have to make them
easier to detect by an outsider, though, even during training: with
synchronized clocks and a secure PRNG, the search space the "friendly"
radio has to search through can be made small, while anyone who doesn't
know the random seed or clock offset would still be stuck trying to use
autocorrelation to find the carriers.
Now that I think of it, though, it's possible that plain ol' direct
sequence spread spectrum using an effectively infinite pseudorandom
sequence and a rake receiver[3] at each end to deal with multipath would
probably be good enough. It won't stop you from being found once your
adversary is close, but multipath should make it hard to track you once the
base station is found. You'd still need to have some way of knowing the
base station has been discovered, though.
[3]

@_date: 2016-02-11 19:29:40
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Proof that the NSA does not have a quantum computer capable of attacking public k 
I certainly hope so, though it only really matters if their capabilities
are beyond what the general public already believes them to be. In the
realm of their pure crypto/cryptanalysis operations, there may not be much
going on that's unexpected or even unethical. That stuff may happen in the
social engineering department, e.g. the RSA bribe, which we found out

@_date: 2016-02-10 20:16:43
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Proof that the NSA does not have a quantum computer capable of attacking public k 
While I believe the NSA does not have such a machine for different reasons,
in particular that I don't think it's possible for them to get that far
ahead of the state-of-the-art, I think it's something of a leap from "NSA
doesn't have good internal security" to "NSA wouldn't provide good internal
security to a computer system that far ahead of the state of the art." If
they ARE hiding a quantum computer, that would make it more likely that
there is an extremely strong compartment where they put their most precious
secrets, while they lead the rest of the world to think the compartment
Snowden had access to *was* that compartment.

@_date: 2016-02-11 18:35:05
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: Multiple Internets] 
In most of the US i am pretty sure the utility oligopoly has a lock on the
public roads, and I am pretty sure they will not allow anything to be
strung across or under the road.

@_date: 2016-02-10 19:36:30
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: Multiple Internets] 
Your immediate next door neighbor, yes. But forget crossing a street or
wiring the house two doors down if your immediate neighbor doesn't agree.
One should definitely use wired links when possible, but this problem is
why the telcos and cable companies are able to maintain their local
Sneakernet replication is an interesting option if your goal is to be
hyper-local and disconnected, like a micropower FM station or something.
There are villages in Africa that send and receive email using a similar
system, where a van with a server and wifi drives from village to village,
exchanging files with a local village server using something akin to UUCP,
or the van itself acts as a hotspot for villages without a local server.
Could do the same thing with attribution-resistant bootleg servers planted
in stealthy locations.

@_date: 2016-02-10 19:21:47
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: Multiple Internets] 
Interesting. I would have thought wired for longer distance communication,
with local mesh networks for the "last mile."
Do you have some thoughts on how to set up a local wired freenet? Back in
the days of modems over content-oblivious phone lines, freenets were easy
because phone lines in bulk were pretty cheap per line, and pretty much
everyone had a land line. In this day and age of video and high-resolution
images, that no longer seems like an option.
Whenever I think of "mesh" I think "mobile mesh," which is just part of the
picture. The mesh networks I've actually seen in action are static
"meshes", which are only really called that because the ISP puts
omnidirectional antennas on some of their customers' roofs to daisy-chain
other customers off of, not because they use any kind of dynamic mesh
routing protocol. This approach might actually work for setting up a
freenet: negotiate directly with local businesses (particularly public
places like coffee shops) and residents to set up local hotspots, then put
up high-gain directional and omnidirectional antennas on a different band
or at least channel to handle the longer distance links.
Of course, the businesses/residents involved are probably going to be
primarily interested in access to the "regular" Internet, but that doesn't
stop you from using strong encryption on the links themselves, tunnelling
onion/mixnet networks, offering local services in private IP space, etc.
Over time, you can replace tunnels over the government-controlled Internet
with wireless links or leased lines with strong crypto. It won't stop the
network from getting shut down if the links are specifically cataloged and
targeted, but it seems like current "internet kill switch" proposals
primarily focus on the layer 3 infrastructure, not on the link or physical
layers. And certainly not on RF.
But even if you do that, if you are offering a "public" service, and you
actually get a lot of users, it seems likely you'd end up being a victim of
your own success, noticed by regulators and then forced to comply with the
same regulations that cover the Internet, including any retention and "kill
switch" requirements. You might be able to mitigate some of that by
encouraging mac address spoofing and end-to-end encryption, but that
doesn't stop a government from taking over one of the local services and
putting a gag order on the operator, then tracking someone to a specific
coffee shop and sneaking up behind them and pinning their arms to their
sides so they can't wipe their machine. Having a dead man switch/"panic
button" on any local servers, routers, etc might help with that,
particularly if there's plausible deniability there. "Sorry, can't comply
with your retention order because our hard disk just died and it's going to
take us months to get the server back online." It works for the Chicago PD
with their constantly "malfunctioning" dashcams, so why not for us?
One side benefit of bringing back freenets in a big way might be the
ability to push back against regulations that have compliance costs. If a
bunch of people voters care about are dependent for their Internet access
on freenets that would have to shut down if they are required to retain
logs for years and set up systems for easy law enforcement access,
politicians might think twice about pushing for such things. Provided they
can't get away with characterizing freenets as dens of "hackers", drug
dealers, terrorists, and child pornographers of course. Which is why it's
important to remain connected with society and not become hermits hiding
out in Internet backwaters.
There's always more social/community-oriented solutions ala Max Hernandez's
Thieves Emporium where you have secret access points and people need to be
vouched in, but that is incredibly hard and would likely remain quite
small, because the probability of infiltration approaches 100% once you get
into the thousands of participants. And of course, if it's small and
secret, nobody will notice when it and its operators/users quietly get
Obviously these approaches are orthogonal to one another, and you can use
any combination of them.

@_date: 2016-02-02 23:38:50
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: New High School Principal's speech to students. 
...
Racism and nationalism are two sides of the same coin. The Nazis were first
and foremost nationalists. They tied race and religion into their national
identity, but those were secondary to their notion of the German Nation.
The fact that this person leaves out the race part and instead focuses on
language doesn't make this speech any less fascist. The part about
"individual identity" is absolute nonsense; what if your ethnic identity
happens to be important to you? Too bad! This principal only cares about
your "individual" identity if that individual happens to identify as
I'm glad this is actually a hoax. I'm also glad that I'm not the only one
pointing out the nationalist elephant in the room. There ARE legitimate
problems with multiculturalism, but the real problem is when people refuse
to acknowledge one another's identities, and instead try to erase them the
way the fictitious principal in this speech does. When people stand along
the street at Cinco de Mayo celebrations and wave American flags, as they
did this year in a small town near where I live, what they're saying is "My
own sense of identity is so weak that I can't handle other people
expressing identities that are significantly different from mine." Those
are the kind of people who vote for Hitlers. And Trumps. And Putins.

@_date: 2016-02-05 22:30:27
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: The Intercept steps up after catching a reporter faking data and sources 
Ok, I've learned my lesson. Cari and Juan is/are either trolls or mentally
ill. I suppose if I spent more time reading cpunks I'd have already
realized that.

@_date: 2016-02-03 21:10:49
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: The Intercept steps up after catching a reporter faking data and sources 
Cari, I've dug through my mail archives to try to figure out what it is you
have against The Intercept, and while I can't claim to have closely read
every hit for your name and "intercept," I have been unable to find any
reason you've given for your hatred. I did see a mention of a friend in
prison, which seems like it may be somehow related?
I'm genuinely curious, because I don't have direct experience with anyone
involved beyond their public reputations in relatively mainstream sources,
so if there is a reason I should not be trusting them or Glenn Greenwald,
it would be very helpful to know that. Of course, since I don't have any
more reason to trust you than to trust Glenn, I'd appreciate anything you
can provide that I can verify without too much effort.

@_date: 2016-02-11 19:26:39
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Small codebase as a prerequisite for security 
Thanks for your reply.
On Wed, Feb 10, 2016 at 7:00 PM Peter Gutmann This is my general experience with programming, yes, though it is somewhat
orthogonal to security.
It makes it someone else's problem *in userspace*. Linux supports all that
stuff, but it does so *in kernel space*. And while seL4 and Nova don't
address device drivers, Genode does, by reimplementing the Linux (and
NetBSD, and OpenBSD, and FreeBSD) kernel interfaces (yes, I know in the
Linux case this is a moving target, but Linux has a LOT of drivers, so even
if you're stuck to a narrow range of versions, you can still get a lot of
mileage out of this approach) and then running each driver as a separate
server process.
I'm not talking about raw size or complexity here; obviously having lots of
features and support for lots of devices means high complexity, but it
doesn't require that all that complexity run with full system privileges.

@_date: 2016-02-10 22:00:28
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Small codebase as a prerequisite for security 
I laughed out loud when I read on the Invisible Things Labs' Blog that Xen
is "only" a "few hundreds of thousands of lines of code."[1] Sure, this is
small compared to most modern monolithic desktop OSes, but it's not
particularly small compared to a stripped down Linux kernel build, and it's
absolutely gigantic compared to a modern microkernel. The Nova
Microhypervisor and seL4 are each about 9000 SLOC.
But when I shared this disbelief with a couple of friends who at least have
a passing understanding of computer security, each of them just shrugged.
And of course both Nova and seL4 have had a lot of trouble gaining any kind
of foothold in the market.
Am I completely off base in thinking that it should be self-evident that
one should start building any secure system by minimizing the size of their
trusted computing base? Or is the issue that applications are still the
source of most vulnerabilities, so it's premature to try to make the kernel
super secure? Or that there are too many ways to violate isolation in a
microkernel by compromising shared server processes?
I ask because I am wondering if I should "learn to stop worrying and love
the bomb" and (re-)embrace Xen and/or Linux, or if I should continue
pursuing some approach along the lines of seL4/Nova/Genode for building
secure systems?

@_date: 2016-03-30 18:19:44
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: SPICE: Special Purpose Integrated Communications Equipment 
Imports fine for me, using gpg --import and then pasting just the part from
the begin line to the end line (including the begin and end lines). I'm
guessing you're either trying to import the entire message or you're
leaving out the begin and end lines.

@_date: 2016-03-18 20:44:15
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Google: 'We'll pay $100K if you can hack a Chromebook remotely' 
Most of ChromeOS is open source. The BIOS, AIUI, is Coreboot. Most of what
isn't open source can't legally be open sourced because it's other people's
IP, like the codecs, Flash, etc. If you care, go compile and run

@_date: 2016-03-10 00:12:27
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: WIRED: The Future of Wi-Fi Is 10,000 Times More Energy Efficient 
Neat! It does seem like you're trading "pollution" of the band for power
consumption, though. Even ignoring the tone generated by the "plugged in
device", which is carrying energy but no information and much of which is
wasted, their modulation technique results in significantly more energy
outside of the passband of the receiver than inside. So overall power
consumption goes way up, even though it's not from the battery-powered
device. And then if a bunch of people start using these, the total amount
of energy you need to pump out will keep getting higher and higher due to
the added interference, which will cause battery powered devices to have to
use more power. Possibly surmountable, but still interesting. I suspect
(and I think you may have had this in mind as well) that backscatter
modulation will end up being more interesting for covert applications,
where you use a tiny device with a tiny (or no) battery that transmits by
reflecting some signal that is already in the environment, like an FM radio
station, and you use a receiver that is designed for receiving the
reflected signal including the "mirror image" and a couple of the extra
harmonics. You could see that as a kind of "free" spread spectrum.

@_date: 2016-03-14 23:50:18
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: SPICE: Special Purpose Integrated Communications Equipment 
The message is not actually signed. It just has a public key attached.

@_date: 2016-03-13 16:23:56
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Remember, remember the Fukushima nuclear disaster on this day? 
On Fri, Mar 11, 2016 at 10:06 PM, Georgi Guninski I can't find any evidence USDA did this, but I do recall reading that the
Japanese health authorities had. But the old levels, much like FCC RF
exposure limits, weren't based on any science showing harm, just on the
levels they'd typically see. That doesn't mean the new levels aren't
dangerous, but it also doesn't mean the old levels were safe. It's all
about cost of compliance. We just need more research to know what levels
are genuinely safe or dangerous. Though to some extent the Japanese are
providing this by acting as a living experiment. If there isn't an increase
of cancers from eating food at the higher levels, then hopefully the higher
levels are fine.

@_date: 2016-03-18 21:18:49
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Apple engineers... Will they (snigger) crack under pressure 
On Fri, Mar 18, 2016 at 1:37 PM, Anthony Papillion Just Occam's Razor. Why bother getting cooperation when the software is not
secure to begin with? There are too many ways to gain access to Windows
that aren't vulnerable to leaks. And we know for sure this is true and has
been for a long time; just look at the thousands of exploit kits out there,
most of which have been made by people without much in the way of resources
or experience. If that's what the script kiddies can do, imagine what an
agency with a $50B budget can do.

@_date: 2016-03-18 20:35:11
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Apple engineers... Will they (snigger) crack under pressure 
On Fri, Mar 18, 2016 at 1:25 PM, Anthony Papillion Or, just playing devils' advocate, perhaps we haven't seen any Snowdens
from Microsoft because there's nothing to be leaked? Perhaps, instead of
demanding cooperation from vendors and risking getting caught, the
government focuses on building the capability to exploit bugs and opsec
failures on the part of their targets.

@_date: 2016-03-30 20:20:47
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: nsa taxis 
Anyone tried Arcade City yet? I have it installed, but the only time I've
needed a ride since I heard of it, I had to catch a flight and wasn't
willing to risk using a new service in an unfamiliar city.

@_date: 2016-04-04 17:15:45
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: solutions for source code take downs due to DMCA? 
Convenience of the developer is secondary to convenience of the user. If
the user has to take a bunch of extra steps to download or contribute to
your software, your project is far more likely to die of that than it would
be to get taken down on some centralized service.
And even if your software is hosted on some decentralized service, it still
needs to be discoverable in some way. If it's primarily discovered by word
of mouth, some parasite will register a domain and pretend to be the
authoritative host of it, then serve some malware-infested or backdoored
build, if it's even your software at all. That happens even with
centrally-hosted software when the developers don't pay enough attention to

@_date: 2016-04-01 14:26:34
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: NSA, USG and sheeple good. You bad. :P 
On Fri, Apr 1, 2016 at 4:59 AM, Georgi Guninski I see the spooks have decided to try some less subtle manipulation

@_date: 2016-04-04 17:34:47
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Warrant canaries appear to be usable by large US companies - Reddit in this case 
Do we know for sure that Reddit deleted the canary because something
happened that killed the canary, rather than because their legal department
decided that the canary was possibly not legal in the first place? One
would think they would simply say that's why they did it if that were the
case, but the fact that they didn't say that is the only evidence I'm aware
of that it's NOT because they decided it was illegal.

@_date: 2016-04-21 20:45:50
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: China's gold back story 
I think in ZeroHedge's case their goldbuggery goes beyond your belief in
gold's superiority (which I share) and into the realm of irrationality. It
starts sounding like a long-term pump-and-dump scam, if there were such a
Indeed, though I think Bitcoin and related research have provided the
necessary building blocks. ZeroCoin/ZeroCash, for example. As far as
decentralized, it's not clear to me that Bitcoin is really worse than gold
has proven to be in practice, with governments cornering the market on
mining & minting.
Indeed. I'm just hoping it proves to be too little, too late.
And I agree with you that they will probably try to coopt Bitcoin or at
least blockchain technologies. If not to build their "cashless society"
then at least to try to crowd out potential uses for anonymous transactions
by ensuring that all the "legitimate" players are playing on a controlled &
tracked blockchain.

@_date: 2016-04-21 18:30:52
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: China's gold back story 
What Juan said (minus the Satoshi nonsense). ZeroHedge are notorious gold
bugs. There's no freakin' way China is going to give up its ability to
manipulate exchange rates to promote whatever level of exports its central
planners think its businesses need. They are acquiring gold only in order
to diversify their reserves away from dollars, to reduce their dependency
on the United States in case the shit hits the fan in the Pacific. Making
the RMB "gold-backed" would mean letting people exchange it for the
government's gold, exactly counter to their goals.

@_date: 2016-05-06 21:58:52
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: IBM Quantum Computing 
They can't "prove" it, but AIUI given the current evidence there would have
to be something pretty strange going on for it not to be quantum effects.
But even if they ARE using quantum effects, they still need to prove
they're faster than any classical algorithm for some problem.
Depends on what you mean by "practical". Perhaps fewer applications due to
the fact that you can only approximate the answer (with accuracy increasing
as you increase the number of braids), but potentially more scalable
because the braids are more stable. If IBM's computer can't be scaled up to
the point that it's more than a toy, but TQCs can, then the TQC would be
the practical one.

@_date: 2016-05-06 20:48:00
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: IBM Quantum Computing 
These are both about D-Wave's machines, which are not universal quantum
computers. IBM's is universal, though it's only 5 qubits, not even as many
qubits as they used to factor the number 15. Still, I think there's plenty
of reason to be skeptical of QC, and even if you're not that skeptical of
it, we've still got decades before it'll be cracking even 1024 bit RSA.

@_date: 2016-05-18 18:15:41
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: LMAO at linux 
Tiddlywiki looks pretty neat. Thanks for mentioning it. I've actually been
looking for almost exactly this. The one drawback seems to be that, at
least without some coding, it can only save through the browser to local
disk or to a custom server, no WebDAV support or anything like that. It'd
be nice to save to Tahoe-LAFS or something along those lines.

@_date: 2016-06-09 18:04:32
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Bittorrent starting to move entirely within anonymous overlay nets 
Code, or it didn't happen. We have ideas up the wazoo. What we lack are
practical, usable implementations. I would really love to see this, but
there are any number of people who have already figured this out on their
own and don't need some non-programmer (I'm assuming, since this appears to
be just an idea and not even a design doc being put out for review) telling
them what they need to do.

@_date: 2016-06-09 18:04:32
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Bittorrent starting to move entirely within anonymous overlay nets 
Code, or it didn't happen. We have ideas up the wazoo. What we lack are
practical, usable implementations. I would really love to see this, but
there are any number of people who have already figured this out on their
own and don't need some non-programmer (I'm assuming, since this appears to
be just an idea and not even a design doc being put out for review) telling
them what they need to do.

@_date: 2016-07-07 21:28:13
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Litvinenko - Russian demonisation continues to crumble 
I like a lot of what you say, and it's great to read the perspective of
someone who is completely outside the western propaganda-sphere, but I find
your devotion to Putin to be both baffling and concerning. There is simply
no way a former intelligence agent and director of an intelligence agency,
ANY intelligence agency, who then somehow rose all the way to be President
of a large, powerful country is "unimpeachable." The rest of the things you
say about him may well be true, except perhaps for the "better world" part.
Nobody can unilaterally stand for the rest of the world unless they are
willing to collaborate and compromise with a lot of other people.
This is not to say that Putin is any worse than any US leader, of course.
But substantially better? I seriously doubt it. I'd be equally concerned
about any US or European leader who inspired a level of devotion similar to
what Putin inspires in his followers. Of course, it is in large part the
West's fault that Russians look to someone like Putin in the first place.
We failed to dissolve NATO after the USSR collapsed, which is part of a
pattern of the US acting like it "won" the cold war (the same way it thinks
it "won" WWII) and thus now owns the planet.
Agreed, though I am not sure about the "nationalistic" part. Multipolar, as
an acknowledgement that not everyone wants the same thing, but I'd prefer
we were all skeptical of our own nation and accepting of others.
"Major war" in the sense that this may be when the world finally realizes
it is not, in fact, unipolar. Once nations start realising the US cannot
keep its promises to protect them, they will start looking elsewhere and
taking more responsibility for their own defense. I feel like the US's
turning to Iran for help with Daesh, along with asking countries to
continue to invest more in their own militaries, is a pretty strong
indication that the US realizes this is happening and that many here are
actually willing to accept that fact. But this is by no means a popular
view here, with both Trump and Clinton promising in their own ways to "make
America great again". I'd prefer "Make America part of the world for the
first time."
I imagine there are those in the US who would welcome a new cold war. They
are obviously trying to create (have created) a new one. It seems like
there's a pretty big risk of taking us back to a bipolar world rather than
a unipolar one.
Not sure I buy this particular theory, considering how strongly GWB pushed
for the invasion from his first day of office. I think it comes down to
simple revenge for the plot to assassinate his father.
Oil is obviously strategic, but I think you overestimate the US's belief in
the risk of the decline of the petrodollar. I think the US convinced Saudi
Arabia to keep pumping despite declining oil prices in order to weaken
Russia economically while propping up its own flagging, net-oil-importing
economy. This plan only works in the short term, though, and it will end up
making Russia stronger in the long term, since Russians aren't idiots and
will diversify. I think Putin's decision to ditch tech and focus
exclusively on energy was a huge mistake that made it more vulnerable to
this strategy than it would have been otherwise, but there is still time to
reverse that mistake.
I don't have a strong opinion on this, other than that it is a matter of
opinion. You request facts, and you state a couple, but you actually need
references. And even with references, accepting bribes is not the only form
of corruption. I consider benefiting from bad things done on your behalf,
even when you did not order them, to also be a form of corruption if you do
not denounce them, investigate them, prosecute them, etc.
It is always true of politicians and cops that it's very hard to point to a
specific evil thing they did. After all, if you could prove it, they would
have been impeached, no?
Well, if it passes, you can always hope the various western countries pass
similar laws. I don't think the US is likely to succeed, but you never
know. The FBI keeps hammering on this "going dark" bullshit.
I don't think the USG has a single intention. But at best, they have
seriously underestimated Russia and been incredibly disrespectful toward
them. But it does seem plausible to me that there are elements in the US
government who wish to pull all of Russia's old partners away to isolate
them. Which seems idiotic to me.
I certainly won't attempt to dispute it. Just the part about Russia's or
Putin's ambitions being particularly pure.
Politicians are never "really fine humans." But I have no doubt that Putin
loves Russia and wants to make it great again. But I have similarly little
doubt that Donald Trump loves America and wants to make it great again. The
devil is in the details.
Perhaps their current leader is pretty damn great, by any and all
Maybe, compared to other politicians.
Multi-polar with relatively high freedom of trade and movement, yes.
Bi-polar with strong nationalism and economic isolationism? No.

@_date: 2016-07-06 20:25:29
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: frustrated with the MSM lately? 
My frustration is primarily with people who think that the US media are
somehow "independent" just because they're not directly funded by the
government. But at least government funded media sources have to work hard
to *appear* independent, because they don't get the presumption of
independence. The result is that you hear BBC asking much harder questions
of MPs than you see asked to, say, the President by US media.
The only real solution is to find sources that truly *are* independent,
because they have no special access, don't embed with military units, don't
get invited to White House press conferences, etc. Find the outfits the
politicians refuse to talk to.
In any case, though, I'm not sure I'd choose Putin as a spokesperson
against sycophantic media. He's just missing the good ol' days when the
government mostly controlled what reached Russians' ears.
There are two sides to every story, but usually both sides are wrong. And
the midpoint between them is wrong too. The real story is off on some axis
perpendicular to the line between the two sides. To paraphrase Chomsky
since I've so far failed to find a quote that concisely sums up the point,
if you want to control what the public thinks, narrowly define the
parameters of the debate and then ensure that there's vigorous debate
within those parameters. This is what the Western MSM vs Russian media
sounds like to me. It's all just nationalistic nonsense.

@_date: 2016-07-08 02:01:32
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: tribalism - future world order? 
Trump is going to lose by a landslide. The American press are pretending
it's not a shutout because otherwise they'd have nothing to report and
people would accuse them of being biased. They are, and people accuse them
of it anyway, but Trump is so unpopular that it appears inconceivable that
he could have been nominated by a mainstream party, but the only reason
he's even on the stage is that the Republican party is in the process of
self-destruction. This is unprecedented in living memory, and certainly
since the existence of television or radio and the 24 hour news cycle, so
few people realize that this is what it looks like.
Go read up on the election of 1872. The roles of the parties were basically
reversed, with the Democrats being the dying party of the angry white man,
throwing their support to the nominee of the Liberal Republicans because
they hated Grant so much. Grant himself was surrounded by scandal but still
managed to get the Republican nomination uncontested and then win by a
landslide. I imagine he was more popular than Clinton, but then again
Greeley was undoubtedly far more popular than Trump. As were the two guys
who split the electoral vote after he died.

@_date: 2016-07-21 17:00:41
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: UK gov says new Home Sec will have powers to ban end-to-end encryption 
It's not entirely clear that it's even legal in the US to force
backdoors/key escrow/etc. And even if it is, the USG seems to prefer more
subtle means of control. Forcing key escrow or backdoors is something of a
sledgehammer, and it gets a LOT of attention from civil libertarians.
Also, I think Apple has had a hand in keeping it from happening. They have
a lot of influence (read: money to pay for lobbyists and donate to
political campaigns), and their whole business model is built on not having
access to your data, to distinguish themselves from Google, which gets a
large fraction of its income from serving targeted ads. Facebook and Google
are starting to do end-to-end, but both companies seem a bit more hesitant
about it. I suspect WhatsApp did it in part to hold Facebook to their word
that they would never scan private messages for ad targeting purposes, and
FB Messenger end-to-end is opt-in AIUI. But even if a ban on end-to-end
might slightly benefit each company by giving them an excuse for retaining
access, the USG seems to prefer key escrow, which doesn't benefit them at
all while creating an additional cost.
Personally I'm a bit conflicted over the whole thing. Pragmatically, not
morally. A ban on end-to-end or even forced key escrow would push the more
idealistic people to start working on and using better open source
solutions. One should not trust any crypto that can be turned off silently
with a remote flag flip.

@_date: 2016-07-19 18:14:59
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Who owns merica's debt? (And the chinese involvement) 
On Tue, Jul 19, 2016 at 12:43 AM Georgi Guninski Exactly. These are the same people who gave mortgage-backed securities the
same rating. And we saw what happened the last time a ratings agency tried
to downgrade US government debt: they got "investigated." All the ratings
agencies have privileged standing in US law; many entities, in particular
government pension plans, are only allowed to invest in "investment grade"
instruments, with "investment grade" being determined by one of a specific
set of corporations. Given that they're paid by the people selling the
instruments rather than by investors, they'd just evaporate if they lost
their special standing under US law.
And this is after they were discussing default in congress and candidate
Yup. The Ponzi scheme most of the world's financial system is built on (is,
So the question is, what form will its collapse take, and how long will it
take? I'm not sure if I'd prefer that it be quick and extremely painful or
slow to give people who have a clue what's going on time to insulate

@_date: 2016-07-21 16:20:32
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Instead of only bashing tor, why not discuss the alternatives? 
Whatever I may think of your other beliefs about the organization, the
funding model is definitely a problem. Same goes for Mozilla taking money
from Google, MS, eBay, etc. Organizations building important infrastructure
need to be independent.

@_date: 2016-07-20 16:51:49
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Instead of only bashing tor, why not discuss the alternatives? 
They are not your resources to redirect, but the resources expended on Tor
are tiny compared to, say, Bitcoin. Or even just Ethereum. This is not a
good argument, and I think it may be motivated by your own personal
feelings about Tor. Which you are perfectly entitled to have, but you
should not be surprised when people who do not share those feelings don't
find your arguments based on them compelling.
So design your own?

@_date: 2016-07-19 17:19:01
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Instead of only bashing tor, why not discuss the alternatives? 
One (not really) counterexample, though for a very narrow use case is/was
NightWeb, which was an Android app that embedded I2P. Was somewhat easier
to set up than OrBot plus a browser, but unfortunately its author abandoned
it. Again, though, not actually the web, though email through Tor is not
exactly easy to use either. Speaking of which, there's also a standalone
Bote app. You can only send messages to other Bote users, but it's easier
to set up and probably more secure than Tor-based solutions due to the lack
of a central target, despite the concerns about I2P's security you mention
And honestly, imho, I2P is probably just a compromises as tor, but it's
This continues to be my main concern about I2P. It hasn't had nearly the
attention Tor has. It could have gaping holes and we wouldn't necessarily
know about them, while any holes in Tor have to be subtle at this point,
opinions about Tor's funding & governance model notwithstanding.
I keep meaning to spend more time looking at that. Thanks for the reminder.

@_date: 2016-07-20 16:56:03
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: the most annoying thing about Juan 
I'm not interested in trying to convince you or anyone else that it
happened. I am telling you why *I* am convinced. You can decide I'm stupid
if you like, just like I'll decide you're motivated by other reasons
besides just thinking there's a government/SJW conspiracy.
What I'm seeing here is hearsay.
Yep. Innocent until proven guilty only applies in court. For all others,
it's preponderance of evidence. You certainly don't seem to require any
evidence to believe his accusers are liars.
Lots of that going around... Ask Juan. It's one of his his specialties.
As I've said before, a large fraction of what we do is subjective and very
personal. And subject to a lot of passion. Nothing wrong with that.

@_date: 2016-07-20 16:24:04
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: the most annoying thing about Juan 
So much about security is based on probabilities and unknowns, and our own
privacy is such a personal issue, that I don't think this is something
that's going to be solved by "evidence." Some people are going to be
uncomfortable using or supporting Tor no matter what because of its
history, and now potentially because they blame Tor for what happened to
Personally, from having talked to people who knew him that I've known for
years, I am inclined to believe that Appelbaum did at least most of what
he's accused of. But I blame the community for tolerating it and saying
nothing at least as much as I blame him. He could not have existed without
the legions of fanboys who, when they saw him trying to force a kiss on a
woman, just wished they had such big balls rather than being concerned over
whether or not she actually wanted that.
I think that what they are saying is that whether or not crypto is
effective for a given application depends on the resources your adversaries
are able and willing to apply to breaking it.
Agreed. It's also the fundamental fallacy behind all of the NSA's attempts
to weaken crypto.
The latter seems perfectly plausible to me. Groupthink.

@_date: 2016-07-20 05:08:04
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: the most annoying thing about Juan 
I think his point is that he would welcome such discussion about other
Russia has been the West's "whipping boy" since the USSR collapsed. Instead
of dismantling the cold war apparatus as it should have, the US and NATO
just kept right on going. In my opinion the cold warriors and their
children have been trying desperately to ignite a new cold war, and it
seems to me they've succeeded.
One thing I don't quite understand is, why cypherpunks? I don't think you
will find many pro-US-government folks here aside from the fed moles.
Recruiting maybe? The latest Russian surveillance law will probably put a
damper on that.

@_date: 2016-07-20 16:47:03
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: IAAF, USA and Canada demand Russian athletes represent "no country" at Olympic games 
I am pretty sure I understand your position, and I'm sympathetic to it, but
as an unpatriotic (in the sense that I do not support the government and I
feel physically ill when I see people waving flags) American, I'm afraid
that swapping America for Russia helps me see it better.
I think this points out a fundamental flaw in the Olympics, and in fact in
the entire international system: Individuals do not exist as entities in
the international system. There is absolutely nothing democratic about the
Olympics. The games exist to glorify states over individuals. The Western
media do highlight superstars, but for the most part only American athletes
get highlighted in the US.
I gave up on the Olympics years ago. It is a fundamentally corrupt and
hypocritical institution. And as you can see, it's being used as a tool of
the West to try to punish Russia.
So I totally agree with you, that's not the way a democratic world should
work. But I'd add that the Olympics are not the way a democratic world
should work. In a democratic system, states exist to serve the people. They
should be at the bottom, not at the top.
I agree, though I think most people have always just followed the herd.
Most people have always thought "rule of law" has meant "order", and that a
powerful government unconstrained itself by law, as long as it was tying to
do "the right thing" was the way to maintain "rule of law." Never mind that
precisely the opposite is true.
Which means the line has been being held by... what, exactly? Inertia,
probably. The West has been essentially coasting on the inertia of WWII and
then on the Cold War, which kept lots of people employed in a system that
is unsuited to anything but mass construction for mass destruction. The old
corporate/crony capitalist system is breaking down because the only thing
it's good for is war. The "war on terror" is the wrong kind of war to keep
it going, because high tech weapons are for the most part useless.
Terrorism requires political, policy, *human* solutions. But the system is
not evolved to put the kind of people in power who are capable of creating
those kinds of solutions.
Ironically, as undemocratic as it was, the system that existed in Europe
prior to WWI was probably better suited to small scale conflicts than our
current system. The French Revolution introduced the concept of "total war"
to Europe, and the old system was not adapted to that.
Now "total war" would likely destroy us all, but we're also pretty shitty
at small scale wars. As you've said before, we need to have a multipolar
system again. Such a system would reward diplomacy over saber-rattling.
Doesn't matter so much if there's still a lot of tension, as long as it
doesn't escalate to war. As long as individuals don't get too caught up in
the tension, because the only reason to have states in the first place is
to let individuals conduct their lives in relative stability and peace.

@_date: 2016-07-21 04:48:44
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Call for input to President's Commission on Enhancing Cybersecurity 
In '93 when WfWG 3.11 came out and even in '98, Linux was basically a
hobbyist OS. Nowadays the problem isn't the OS but the applications. If
you're just using a web browser, it's not a problem, but that's essentially
what ChromeOS is from the perspective of the average user, and Android is
rapidly filling that space and has plenty of applications.
Which brings up an interesting point more relevant to the original topic,
which is that to have any amount of security you really need to know what
you're doing. I'm not holding my breath for the government to do anything
about that besides exploit it to increase its own power and spy on us.
The first thing that should come to one's mind when thinking of
government's relationship to private industry and cybersecurity is AT&T's
(and others) cooperation with the NSA and the government's subsequent
shielding of them from any liability for it. That which is permitted
rapidly becomes mandatory when government has all kinds of extra laws it
can enforce at its own discretion, and privileges like indemnification that
it can extend or withdraw as it likes.

@_date: 2016-08-30 02:18:41
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Joseph Nacchio (Qwest) vs Gov [re: Appelbaum, Snowden et al, FISA] 
While I haven't read the links here or watched your videos, I can't really
disagree with anything you've said here. I guess "AT&T is worse" is a
pretty low bar even if, as you point out, there are likely a bunch of other
companies that have been at least as cooperative as AT&T.
I've even said myself in different contexts that it's impossible to have a
successful company above a certain size without "playing ball" as it were.
I guess the question is only how much latitude you have to define the
parameters in which you play, i.e. how much of your success comes from
having a decent business versus just being better than your competitors at
sucking politician & bureaucrat cock. And even companies that start out as
decent businesses eventually have to get good at the latter, at which point
they probably realize they're so good at the latter compared to any
newcomers they no longer really have to compete on the former.

@_date: 2016-08-24 02:49:12
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: software - multiple version installs (any distro developers here?) 
Sure, the base utilities are *probably* secure, but only because they're
mature at this point. But /bin/ls and /bin/cp have access to everything you
do, and they an allocate arbitrary amounts of RAM, open network sockets,
delete all your files, DoS the whole machine. Not too hard to avoid some of
that with ulimit et al, but where do you draw the line at what's a "base
utility"? tar? rar? mawk? And what happens the next time someone puts a
"bug fix" into ls that causes a security regression?
type on the command line, and to the inodes of any of the files therein.
And then only read access. I suspect that wouldn't be too hard to add as
annotations to the arguments themselves, similar to how we have wildcards
that are interpreted by the shell now. Automatic named pipes are probably a
better analogy.
Now I feel like I need to go code up a prototype...

@_date: 2016-08-23 23:44:35
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: moving on 
"The list is not moderated, and the range of beliefs expressed here covers
the full spectrum. If this bothers you and you are inclined to complain
about it, you're gonna have a bad time."

@_date: 2016-08-23 23:58:36
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
Whoops, this got buried among other cpunks threads because your mail client
apparently supports "list reply" (of which I'm a fan, don't get me wrong),
and Inbox apparently isn't smart enough to pop out threads I've replied to
if they don't have me in the recipients list.
While I've been considering going back to running my own server for some
time, I'm afraid I am currently using Gmail via the now
deprecated/grandfathered free tier of "Google apps for your domain," which
makes me feel like something of a second class citizen because it tends to
get various products last, for example it does not work with Google Fi, and
you can't set up a Google Play family account. Which seems idiotic since
families seem like a pretty major use case for Apps for your Domain... but
again, the free tier is deprecated :-/
Of course, I can't complain too much about it; it's already a huge problem
in SIlicon Valley that we tend to build solutions that work well for us and
far less well for the other 99.999% of the population. But it would be nice
if we could figure out how to make something as important as an email
address more portable for regular people by making it super easy to have a
custom domain that you use for just yourself or your family or whatever.
On Mon, Aug 8, 2016 at 11:07 PM Georgi Guninski

@_date: 2016-08-08 17:41:53
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
Yes, but when you say "mercantilistic device" I think "device used by
mercantilism," not "device that is inherently mercantilistic by its
nature". If you mean the latter, I don't think the generic concept of a
corporation qualifies, since it's just "a group of people who have chosen
to operate as a single entity and are recognized as such under some legal
system, voluntary or otherwise".

@_date: 2016-08-08 17:39:31
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
stopped me because we had the same name on our badge. He worked at Google
too, but we did not overlap. Then he was working on Facebook's account at
Dropbox, so I'd occasionally get emails meant for him and vice versa. I
also occasionally get recruiter pings for product manager roles and they
were always meant for him. We're connected on Facebook and LinkedIn and
follow one another on Twitter so it can really throw people for a loop when
we interact publicly.

@_date: 2016-08-04 23:59:55
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
I haven't yet been able to convince myself that "large and dominant
syndicates" are even necessary. Do we really need large scale coordination
separated into different cliques like that, or is it possible to have a
single large network (in the abstract sense) of distributed transactions?
If transaction costs get close enough to zero, the optimal firm size goes
to one. So the question becomes how much we can reduce transaction costs.
This feels right to me. Which is to say I think it's right but don't know
enough to make a good argument for it.
I don't know if I understand the point well enough to debate it, but I'm
interested to know what your definition of "public" is. Does such a thing
exist with respect to government? Aren't they really government roads?
Please forgive me if that's the exact kind of discussion you want to go
onto another thread.
Yes. Which will be the trigger for the next financial crisis or the one
after (since I think real estate is still fucked).
Or just lobby the government to require the use of your products.
Obvious to me, perhaps not some others.
I've been slowly slogging my way through Robert K. Massie's _Dreadnought_,
and it struck me how openly the government of the British Empire considered
themselves primarily protectors of the commercial interests of British
companies. I suspect future historians will think us terribly naive to
think that capitalism and mercantilism are different things. Capitalism,
for the most part, seems to be just mercantilism with less transparency and
the more competition for the government's favor. "Competition" being
competition to see who can give the most political donations to the right
people, etc.
I think most of the time it's not even fear of being shot,  though. It's
fear of losing privileges. Anyone can be blackballed in any industry at any
time. Just associate them with kiddie porn or name them as a "person of
interest" in some investigation.
I think it's both, really. You qualify it with "political" here, and I
think that's right. Unfortunately it's a pretty "charged" term, though, so
it will only convey your meaning in particular circles.
I haven't yet been able to figure out how much of a collectivist or
individualist you are, but "democracy" strikes me as a fairly collectivist
term. It's rule by the people over all the other people. I prefer rule of
oneself by oneself. To the extent possible, at least.
Perhaps "opt-in direct democracy" would be a better way to define
I'm a fan of "polycentric order" or "polycentric law" myself. Though that
may assume certain factors that you don't think are warranted.
How about families or even just individuals?
The temptation to design is a very hard one to avoid. It took me a long
time to break myself of it. In fact, it was an individualist anarchist who
finally broke me of the habit.
Despite probably being the "wrong" kind of anarchist according to many
here, Hans-Hermann Hoppe does a pretty good job of obliterating the notion
that voluntary societies cannot defend themselves from traditional
nation-states in _The Myth of National Defense_.
In any case, though, Zen (and I) expect such a society to evolve alongside
and among traditional nation-states, so it has to be able to protect itself
or it could not exist in the first place. So there's no need to "site" the
society anywhere.
If we do get access to our own planet, though, it might help things along a
bit. Of course, then you run into the problem that all
intentional/constructed communities run into, which is that they have an
extremely low probability of success. This is one of the reasons I've
mostly gotten over the idea of seasteading as the answer to our problems.
Of course, while an *individual* seastead might have very low probability
of success, tens of thousands might produce a couple of interesting ideas.
 ...
And a "transition" or "emergency" government that's really just a
dictatorship and lasts a very long time.
And often this is "literally" true - the old servants become the masters
and the masters become worm food. And then the old servants are just as
brutal of masters, if not moreso, than their old masters. Especially if the
new masters really did comes from the lowest echelons of society where they
have no experience at all with leadership. At least internal coups don't
tend to have this problem quite so badly. But they also don't tend to
change much.
Personally, I don't plan to go to war at all, ever, if I can avoid it. And
by "avoiding" I mean "can physically escape with my loved ones," not "I've
tried everything else to effect change and now must take up arms." I care
enough about my home to kill an individual or small band who try to invade
it, and even to band together with my neighborhood to do so, but not to go
to war. I'm not sure I could tell you what the crossover would be in terms
of level of organization, but I'd guess it's at the level where we need to
resort to any kind of abstraction.
They are not on the bottom, though. They are the bourgeoisie. They
typically form alliances with those on the bottom by promising to make
their situation better, though never better than their own. Go with us to
war and we'll share the spoils (unequally) with you.
Historically, it's been very hard for small syndicates to grow into large
ones without winning favor from the existing players. Today we have Ubers
that can grow without having a revolution. It used to be much harder.
I don't consider this a likely contingency. The trend has been toward LESS
violence, and there is no particular reason to believe that there's a
simple inverse relationship between income and fertility rate. Doesn't mean
I am not hedging against such a possibility, but I'm certainly not betting
on it, just making it more likely my family and I could survive it if it
The economies of developed countries are too intertwined for USD to "go
down hard" without taking a lot of other economies with it. What do you
think will happen to the Chinese economy if, for example, the US suddenly
stops buying their products? They'd have a bunch of saved dollars to spend,
and the best way to spend them would be on American goods. More likely it
would be gradual and we'd see a shift in the US back toward manufacturing.
The US government actually *wants* the dollar to decline in value. It makes
US products more competitive both domestically and abroad. It causes
inflation and thus reduces real incomes and debt. It would put a bunch of
people back to work. Sure, skyrocketing oil prices would hurt the US
economy, but look how much US investment there is in electric cars, solar,
etc. And nobody in the US is going to be buying Chinese solar panels when
they're no longer cheap. They'll be buying American ones.
Yeah, I don't see history as a series of disasters either. Just paradigm
shifts. But I guess I'm fundamentally a "progressive" and not a
neoreactionary. But then again, I don't see how anyone who understands
evolution can think it can't apply to human knowledge & culture as much as
it does to genomes. Unless they're predisposed to believing there's nothing
they can do anyway, because they would otherwise feel back about NOT doing
anything. Most of us do seek meaning, after all, and it can be hard to
accept that your life thus far has had none. Or maybe I'm just more
sanguine about it because I have my backup strategy: kids. And I want to
believe they're not destined to live in a world that's shittier than the
one I grew up in.
I'm not opposed to "radical decentralization of industry and agriculture,"
provided there is not a significant reduction in productivity, which with
improvements in technology there doesn't have to be, especially when you
account for the increase in resilience & the reduction in the (presently
hidden/subsidized) cost of transporting food/goods over long distances.
I suspect this is the direction technology is already leading us, though.
Take steel mills as an example: they reached peak scale in the 1950s or so
and then got outcompeted by smaller, more flexible mini-mills with smaller
machines with less up-front investment. Farming equipment is getting
smaller and smaller, and I suspect a lot of the current scale of farming is
a result of artificial barriers to competition, *not* the technology or
genuine economies of scale. Get rid of those barriers, and the scale will
naturally fall as smaller, more flexible firms and individuals jump into
the market.
I think the only thing I'd add here is that it's important not to lump all
genetic modifications together. While some of them may be "gratuitous" and
dangerous, others may turn out to be vital, like salt tolerant crops, more
nutritious grain varieties, etc. I suspect patent reform would go a long
way toward reducing the problems with genetic modification.
I would submit that progress toward a more voluntary society would ALSO
produce greater resiliency. How do you propose to convince a large fraction
of the population to move away from cities, farm, and make their own stuff?
How do you propose to get them to stop using computers, or to decentralize
the manufacture of computers? I'm not saying this is not doable. In fact, I
think it IS doable, but it's going to take the development of new
technologies. I'd love a chip fab that I could own as an individual or in a
partnership with a few friends. I'd love a robot gardener that could turn
my back yard into a farm without my needing to spend a significant fraction
of my time doing it (which is also known as "subsistence.")
And without a global market for food, how do you propose we deal with local
disasters? Shall we force societies to rely on charity in cases where under
the present system they would have just increased their imports slightly?
"Eat local" doesn't work when there's a "local" drought.

@_date: 2016-08-04 22:22:47
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
I'm not sure it's more unwarranted than the assumption that mercantilistic
devices are always the wrong ones.
My view has been slowly shifting toward a more left anarchist one. But it
can only go so far before I have to quit my job at Google to avoid feeling
like too much of a hypocrite.

@_date: 2016-08-04 20:31:12
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
Agreed. I'm just saying that such an arrangement is not inconceivable in an
anarchic/voluntary society. And without the state to force it on everyone,
assuming no single "court" system comes to dominate and abuse its monopoly
position, I doubt it could be nearly as harmful. And even if some court
does become a monopoly, since opting out of even a monopoly voluntary court
system is far easier than opting out of a state.
Agreed. Though even under the status quo there are situations where
corporations lose their limited liability, such as in certain criminal
scenarios. Limited liability can only apply in a voluntary society where a
transaction has taken place. Third parties can always sue in some court
that does not recognize the limited liability, and it may well be that even
within the same court system, they decided to drastically limit the scope
of limited liability, for example only to situations where a transaction
has taken place. Not sure what that would mean to, say, product liability
where a third party is injured, though. But unlimited product liability
could result in a far smaller number of products. Who'd make a car, for
example? Or an airliner? Sure, the airline could require passengers to
agree not to sue, but they can't do that for people on the ground. Under
the status quo there's blanket indemnification for airlines and aircraft
manufacturers. That is probably not the best solution, but I also don't
know what is or how one would implement it in a purely voluntary society.
Intuitively I think (hope) it must be possible, but I am by no means
Or maybe unlimited liability is just no big deal and limited liability has
always just been a way for some people to gain advantage over others.
Perhaps without a system like the US's that encourages frivolous lawsuits,
there would be no need.
I think by the time revolution happens, people HAVE done these things, and
the government's response has been to crack down rather than reforming.
Exactly what is happening in the US right now with police brutality.
Perhaps if more people got involved, the government could have been
convinced to reform rather than cracking down further, but it is a central
tenet of governing that you need to have a reasonably large and productive
class that is happy with its modicum of control, i.e. the "middle" class.
Keep them happy and protected from the lower class, and you can keep
society under control.
I suppose it depends on how you're counting. Reform happens all the time.
Not often reforms the size of what you get from revolutions, but I'd say
far more positive change happens through gradual reform than directly from
revolution. But perhaps I'm setting the bar too low by qualifying it with
"If only enough people would resist". But keeping people from resisting en
masse is government's specialty. This is classic prisoners' dilemma. As
Mike explains in The Moon is a Harsh Mistress, sometimes you have to make
things worse before they get better. I.e. convince people to revolt by
making it so they are no longer comfortable.
I think Uruguay is actually on the forefront of drug legalization. Colorado
is ahead of Amsterdam, even, because drugs have never really been legal
there. Buying and using is legal, but a bunch of other necessary parts like
growing & transporting are not. The authorities just look the other way,
but can change their minds at any time and have cracked down in the past.
Indeed, and even if/when it succeeds, Google will just become another
vertically-integrated telecomms giant.
Research can never prove something is secure, only that it's insecure. Low
latency onion routing is about as crappy as you can get when it comes to
anonymity, just a step above a chain of proxies. I see no reason a high
latency mix net couldn't be made sufficiently secure with, say, operators
in mutually antagonistic countries.
Maybe. Definitely if you assume that government will eventually outlaw all
anonymous use of the Internet. Of course, then they could always phrase the
legislation in such a way that an N2N mesh network is also covered. Are you
forwarding packets from your neighbor to a different neighbor? Well, you're
"providing a public communications service" or some such bullshit.

@_date: 2016-08-02 20:36:24
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
Even without a government, I think an anarchic society will still need
institutions to function, even if those institutions are entirely
voluntary. I can imagine sets of institutions that would allow corporations
in a similar sense to how they exist now, i.e. limited liability and some
form of "personhood." The most likely such institution would be some kind
of court system where, in order to have access to the court as a means of
seeking restitution, you must agree not to go outside it to go after any
other participant, and must not have done so before.
This is a question I think about all the time.
I see revolutions as a symptom of a broken society. Reform, or evolution,
is certainly preferable.
The French and English revolutions both resulted, after a while, in better
societies than they started in, as far as I can tell. The Haitian
revolution ended slavery there. I don't consider the American revolution,
on the other hand, to be a counter example, though it clearly inspired the
French revolution. Not to say that the French revolution and other reforms
of European monarchies wouldn't have happened anyway.
Same here.
While I think agorism's approach ("grow the counter-economy and the state
will eventually whither away") is provably ineffective, I do think it has a
lot to teach us here. Its main problem is that government is always "just
good enough" that people will continue to resort to it, and people are
forced to pay for it whether or not they make use of it, and they may not
opt out of its jurisdiction. One must not only create alternatives to
government services, they must be alternatives people actually use.
One of the pieces of evidence used against Ross Ulbricht was a post of his
in which he stated, "I am creating an economic simulation to give people a
first-hand experience of what it would be like to live in a world without
the systemic use of force." Whether or not Silk Road was that "simulation",
the general statement is exactly what we need to do, in my opinion. Create
systems of "law" and "governance" that do not require the use of force.
These systems do not have to be all-encompassing; they can be small and
narrow in scope. They just have to make it so people don't feel like they
have to resort to government (i.e. force) to achieve their ends.
Just like they do with the "wild west", I think people drastically
underestimate the amount of spontaneous order in black markets. Hollywood
certainly feeds of it with post-apocalyptic movies & TV shows that depict
everything going straight to "anarchy" the moment there's a hiccup in
government. But history demonstrates that in fact the exact opposite is
true. The only time things descend into "anarchy" when the government falls
is when the collapse of the government was caused by violence in the first
place, or where the government's failure had left society "hollowed out."
Somalia is probably the best known example of this happening. I think
Russia after the collapse of the USSR is probably a more typical example of
what I believe to be the common case.
Security of property and computer systems is an area that's pretty ripe for
non-government solutions. I doubt most readers of this list assume that
they can just rely on police to prevent their car from getting stolen or
house from getting broken into, or think the police will come along and
investigate after the fact, then catch the thief and get their stuff back.
No, we all have insurance, locks, good passwords with two-factor and/or
public key authentication, probably cameras, safes, crypto, etc. A lot of
that is pretty hard to use, though, so maybe we should be focusing on
making the solutions we use available to the masses.
Thanks for this post, by the way. One of my favorites on cpunks to date.

@_date: 2016-08-10 20:06:12
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] Hillary Clinton, an MK Ultra drone, struggles with her programming 
I respect you and like your posts, Zen, but this one really feels like
grasping at straws, perhaps not on your part, but certainly on the part of
Christoforou and Durden (who has been predicting the end of the world for
his entire career AFAICT). I had a longer "blackout" than that when I lost
my train of thought giving closing arguments in mock trial when I was in
high school, to the extent that the judge had to say "You may continue, Mr.
There are plenty of legitimate criticisms of Clinton. This is not one of
them. This is literal FUD.

@_date: 2016-08-23 23:22:09
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [RUS] [MONEY] Fw: Your guide to some bullshit - was Re: Your Guide to the Operational Launch of  
I think I may not have been clear. I was referring to the crap on the "
redefininggod.com" web site more than Zenaan's reply. And like it or not,
the concept of the "New World Order" is inextricably linked with conspiracy
theories, so it's probably best to avoid using the phrase if you want to be
taken seriously. Of course, Zenaan was addressing someone who uses that
terminology anyway, but I wasn't intending to criticize him.
Did I say that? They obviously exist. I just don't think it's particularly
meaningful to talk about them collectively as part of a "New World Order".
It's a charged term that means different things to different people and
implies a vast conspiracy that doesn't really exist.
The only military contracts I'm aware of were inherited from Boston
Dynamics. AFAIK no new ones were negotiated while Google has owned them,
and Google is selling them.
But this is clearly just a dig at me rather than being intended to add
anything to the discussion anyway, so whatever.
        With 'libertarians' like you Sean freedom needs no enemies.
This is a strangely vehement response to my message. Who, exactly, am I
trying to "smear" here? I have often written agreeing with Zenaan's
accusations against the US government. Mostly I've disagreed with him on
the "goodness" of Russia and Putin. Literally the only thing I was
disagreeing with him on was the existence of something it makes sense to
call the "NWO" from his line accusing redefininggod.com and Belle of being
"intentionally or unintentially, puppets of the NWO itself." But now I see
he was probably just being somewhat tongue-in-cheek anyway.

@_date: 2016-08-23 22:34:32
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [RUS] [MONEY] Fw: Your guide to some bullshit - was Re: Your Guide to the Operational Launch of  
) > To: abelle
Now there's one I hadn't heard before. Usually you hear about the "NWO"
from people pushing UFO theories and new age bullshit, or from Christian
conspiracy theorists who think Obama is the antichrist trying to create the
NWO or some such crap. Now here's someone who thinks the NWO is a Christian
conspiracy to bring about the end of the world or something.
It seems to me the most likely explanation is that we all love a good
conspiracy theory and there in fact is no NWO. The stability of any
conspiracy is inversely proportional to its vastness because of the
prisoners' dilemma. That doesn't mean powerful individuals or small groups
can't apply just the right pressure at just the right time to take
advantage of opportunities, and it certainly doesn't mean that there aren't
vast alignments of incentives that make people act as if they are involved
in a conspiracy (military industrial complex, prison industrial complex,
drug war, etc). It doesn't even mean it's not sometimes easier to talk
about an alignment of incentives as if it were a conspiracy. Or perhaps
this latter thing is what you mean?

@_date: 2016-08-23 21:56:39
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: software - multiple version installs (any distro developers here?) 
+1 for Homebrew on Macs, but then you're using a Mac ;-)
There's also Nix and its GNU NIH copy Guix, which can be installed in your
homedir or /usr/local on most Unix-like systems. They both have the added
advantage of having any number of separate "profiles" (i.e. symlink farms)
for building packages, doing day-to-day stuff, etc. And since they modify
the system monotonically, you can always roll back packages (but not any
non-versioned state) semi-atomically, take snapshots (which you could do
with ZFS anyway), etc.
"Docker for everything" is not a totally off the wall idea. Not
specifically docker but namespaces & cgroups for making software that's
used to Unix-like discretionary access controls and make it act more like
object-capability software. You'd need a UI or shell or something for
expressing what capabilities to pass along, for example something that
interprets annotated filenames, converts them to filenames in the process's
own namespace, and handles mounting the files into the process's namespace.
Of course, then you're probably just reinventing SELinux or something,
though I do think there's potential there to make the user interface a
little less obtuse than SELinux policies.

@_date: 2016-08-25 18:15:28
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
Actually I just read one of the links and realized there is probably some
confusion here, probably some of it on my part. There's the mass
surveillance part and there's the FISA part. Apparently the FISA part is
also called "prism", since I guess they just shove all the info into the
same database no matter how they get it. Obviously Google complies with
FISA warrants, and if you think it makes Google "evil" that they comply
with US law and the execs don't want to go to jail, well, I guess that just
tells everyone how to interpret the word "evil" when you say that. I'm not
super thrilled to see that Google accepted money for it, though it's
actually pretty standard practice to compensate companies you're forcing to
retain information, like in discovery for lawsuits & criminal proceedings.
My guess is that rather than a lump-sum payment to comply they get an
itemized bill for overall data retention for the target of the warrant.
The mass surveillance part was accomplished with the taps I was talking
about, which were unknown to Google until the leaks. AT&T, on the other
hand, gave the government its own room with access to all the data coming
through their datacenters and let them do whatever they wanted. Google and
Facebook require warrants and always have, and they push back on warrants
they think are too broad, publish transparency reports detailing everything
they can, and fight to inform the target of the surveillance as soon as
they can.
If that's "evil," then you're a moron.

@_date: 2016-08-25 18:05:57
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
You are aware Daily Mail is a *tabloid*, right? The Wikipedia article you
link talks about the NSA giving money to "PRISM partners", but Google was
not a "PRISM partner" in any sense. Nor was Facebook (where I worked at the
time). Pretty sure Apple wasn't. Not as sure about MS but I doubt they were
either, even if they may have been a little bit closer. The most likely
"PRISM partners" were telcos.
Sorry if I don't play into your desperate motivated reasoning here. If that
angers you, so be it.

@_date: 2016-08-24 02:28:06
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
It must be a very, very lonely world you live in. And getting lonelier all
the time, fortunately.

@_date: 2016-08-24 02:22:30
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
PRISM required (and received) no cooperation from Facebook or Google, hence
the famous post-it that said "SSL applied here" with the smiley face. The
NSA was tapping fiber between datacenters and pulling the traffic of there.
That traffic is now all encrypted, so PRISM is no more, at least not in
that form.

@_date: 2016-08-24 02:20:14
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
You don't read the news? FBI is arresting people every week for some new
trumped up "terror" plot that turns out to have been invented by one of
their own undercover agents. Their MO is to find someone venting online,
approach them, suggest something illegal, then arrest them when they do
something in furtherance of that illegal act, which works even if the thing
they did isn't actually illegal, because all that has to exist for
"conspiracy" charges is to be documented to have the plan (which the
conversation with the agent is enough evidence for) and to take some action
in furtherance of that plan.

@_date: 2016-08-24 01:42:17
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
Well "normal" in this case is being in a relatioship where you're on equal
terms with your partner (hence the term "partner") and thus aren't
concerned about accusations of being subservient. Some people prefer
different arrangements, which is fine, and as long as they feel seucre
about the arrangement they have, they also wouldn't be insulted by such
accusations. Hence "normal." "Abnormal" would be defining one's self-worth
based on their ability to exercise power over some other group and never
being subservient to a member of that group.
Of course, for most of humanity's existence the latter was actually
"normal." but for 99.999% of that period we'd be facing off in person over
such a claim and one of us would beat down the other, thus "proving" who
was in fact more masculine and thus capable of violence. Which made sense
in a world where what mainly mattered, at least for men, was how much
violence you could produce. Seems to me that cypherpunks is not really
about maintaining a world where might makes right, though.
The "mob" is just whoever's on the side you disagree with. You want to
portray them as unthinking, just going with the crowd. But what are you
doing? Jake is a hero to you, and a fellow man, and you already believed
Tor wasn't to be trusted, so no thought is even necessary. He's "obviously"
innocent and the victim of a smear campaign.
But name a public rape accusation that hasn't instantly had multiple smear
campaigns spin up against the *accusers*. That's happening here, not just
against his direct accusers, but against the people who believe his
accusers, and the people who believe the people who believe his accusers.
People who had barely even heard of Shari Steele before are saying the
nastiest things about her. I'm getting accused of "licking my wife's boots."
There are clear and obvious smear campaigns going on here, and not a lot of
rational thought. I'm inclined to just discount "the usual suspects" whom
the MRA label fits like a glove, and to believe people who had to write
public announcements that were clearly very difficult for them and put
their reputations on the line and shake up an important project.
You talk about not needing enemies with "libertarians like me", but you
obviously "need" enemies because you see them around every single corner.
You have considered Tor an enemy from the start, and now you're ready to
write off the CDC, CCC, Debian, Shari Steele and probably the EFF in one
fell swoop.
Which would be easier, orchestrating a smear campaign with multiple false
accusations of rape and sexual misconduct against a well-respected member
of a major software project, or to take advantage of such an opportunity
when it arose to cause a bunch of people to distrust a bunch of critical
freedom-oriented organizations?
But really, I suspect the only thing the TLAs need for this particular
battle is a large supply of popcorn. But given that I expect a lot more
projects and organizations will be starting to purge their own Appelbaums
and/or encouraging them to start treating women and everyone else like
human beings.
Speaking of "everyone else", I note you call Chelsea Manning "he",
presumably because doing the opposite of what the "PC crowd" wants you to
do is more important to you than civility, even (perhaps especially) to
people who have suffered from discrimination all their lives.
WIth "libertarians" like you, it's no surprise that few people who care in
the slightest about anyone who's not exactly like them is willing to
identify themselves as "libertarian." Because your "liiberty" is not "free
to be you and me," it's just "free to be me." You want the freedom but not
the responsibility to think about the consequences of your actions for
others. No wonder you're such an Appelbaum fan: he's exactly what you
aspire to be.

@_date: 2016-08-24 00:50:47
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
Thanks for the recommendation. Bought a copy (via Google, because I'm lazy
& the DRM is easier to break on Linux than Amazon's).
Data mining and throwing people in jail for "precrimes" using parallel
construction to back-construct a plausible evidence trail is already
commonplace. It's more than a little silly that it's "feminazis" that juan
and his ilk are afraid of when people are being entrapped and imprisoned
right now for having beliefs many of us on this list share, just because
they got fooled into taking some tiny step in the direction of some illegal
means of doing something about it (i.e. the crime of "conspiracy").

@_date: 2016-08-23 23:25:35
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
I find it amusing that you think this would insult a normal person.

@_date: 2016-08-23 23:03:56
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
I work in Site Reliability Engineering and Google is selling Boston
Dynamics, but I'll be sure to suggest that to them before they go.
I do recall Facebook said they were working on something along those lines,
trying to make discourse more civil. Perhaps popping up Clippy or
something. "I see you are trolling. Can I help you write something more
I'm not sure ML at any scale could come anywhere near the sheer harrassment
power of millions of MRAs living in their mothers' basements eagerly
patrolling Twitter hashtags. The idea of a cheetah bot chewing the face off
of someone like that does appeal to me, though.

@_date: 2016-08-23 22:05:09
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
Wake me up when they release actual code with actual features. It's far
easier to talk about forking than to spin up a successful project.
I certainly wouldn't mind seeing experimentation with padding & mixing, but
between more innovative features and a more conservative codebase, I'm not
sure which one I'd trust, especially when the former are written by people
so dumb as to think that there's some vast conspiracy against Appelbaum.
Perhaps the fork of TBB will come preloaded with bookmarks to some
successor to Pink Meth, /stol on 8chan, etc?

@_date: 2016-08-23 21:08:19
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
On Mon, Aug 22, 2016 at 12:07 AM Georgi Guninski So I guess as far as Juan & garpamp, et al are concerned, these groups are
also infiltrated by or working on behalf of the NSA, GCHQ, etc? Are they
about to experience mass disillusionment and exodus as well, just like all
"non-spook" Tor relays are about to shut down because "everyone" who's not
a spook is on Rapey Jakey's side?

@_date: 2016-08-24 02:13:16
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: For the love of Mining 
Yeah, Gmail filters pale in comparison to Procmail or Sieve, though I tend
to do very little filtering these days. For the most part, I like Inbox's
email workflow, except for that part about not disaggregating threads I've
responded on if I'm not mentioned in the recipients of a reply.
I had much better luck with Spamassassin than I do with Gmail's spam
filtering, too. Gmail seems to err on the side of false positives, which
IMO is unforgiveable because it forces people to go through their spam
folder when they could otherwise just pretend it doesn't exist. Nearly all
of the false positives are messages sent to mailing lists that some idiot
probably marked as spam, which IMO is the fundamental problem with
"crowdsourcing": the crowd are by and large morons. Spamassassin uses some
crowdsourced data sources, but it weights them accordingly, and I imagine
the people contributing to those datasources tend to be a bit more
obsessive about properly identifying spam than your average gmail user.

@_date: 2016-08-23 22:48:04
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome run by feds 
Seems prudent to always assume anything you read could potentially be fake
or otherwise manipulated to try to skew your opinion in a direction someone
wants to skew it in. In fact, doesn't that describe pretty much all
communication? Young or Natsios could just as easily be modifying or
filtering what they release based on their own agenda. And even without
controlling the site, the feds (or any other government or group) could be
intentionally leaking particular information to bring about some desired
But I don't think the potential compromise of a few PGP keys, which we
learned about because Young revoked them and announced it, or the fact that
a highly successful architect is "living large", is reason in particular to
believe the site is under the control of the feds.
-------- Original Message --------

@_date: 2016-08-23 22:19:07
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome run by feds 
I have no idea either way, though I'm interested to know what you think
their motive might be for doing so, and what made you think it might be?

@_date: 2016-08-25 20:08:04
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Fw: By Friday: Support the Libre Tea Computer Card 
~9k left to go and 27 hours! I just plopped down another $1200 for the
fully assembled laptop, so it's now $7675. Anyone else wanna chip in?

@_date: 2016-08-26 19:32:17
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: a very special message to the unnameable coorperation 
Code speaks louder than pretty ASCII art. And good luck securing an even
larger bundle that includes the JVM (for I2P).

@_date: 2016-08-26 20:05:39
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Which parts of the cpunks.org web archive are indexed by google? 
I can't see the recent messages when searching via Startpage, but I do see
them when going straight to Google from the Google corporate network, which
I assume hits the "bleeding edge" index. My guess is that the archive only
gets crawled when Google recrawls the entire web and not in the incremental
crawls, so it both gets crawled less frequently and takes longer to be
released when it does get crawled due to the need for more extensive QA for
the big index.
On Fri, Aug 26, 2016 at 1:05 AM Georgi Guninski

@_date: 2016-08-30 02:01:35
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [Was: private] Now 'Re: [tor-talk] http://jacobappelbaum.net/' 
Despite our disagreements about the motivations of certain organizations, I
think I'm in pretty much complete agreement with everything you've said on
this thread, lower-case-juan. We probably even agree on how free-market the
current system is, i.e. not at all free.
I think rayzer complains somewhere on the thread about libertarians being
apologists for the status quo. I do think that happens all top often, but
that's not a reason to think that freedom will lead to the abuses we see
now. People allow the abuses we see now because they think that's the cost
of preventing worse abuses. IMO they've been watching too much Walking
Dead. Hollywood loves the whole "breakdown of civilization" trope, but you
have to be wearing pretty darkly confirmation-bias-colored glasses to see
significant evidence that it actually happens. Somalia seems to be the
authoritarian's favorite example, but Somalia lacks any institutions at
all, and I may be wrong but I don't think anyone is suggesting you can just
erase government and all institutions and expect everything to be hunky

@_date: 2016-08-30 03:05:00
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] When will USA stop bombing other countries' "brown people" illegally (let alone "at all")? 
I realize this is probably a rhetorical question, but I do think it bears
answering. Most Americans don't even accept your view of the facts. Far
easier to live one's life in ignorance than to accept that one's society is
inflicting a grave injustice on the world.
Seems like the bigger problem is that many other countries are making this
same calculation. Support the US and maybe continue benefiting from its
protection or go against it and lose its favor in exchange for MAYBE
helping bring about a new order in which you might be worse off anyway. The
typical computation anyone goes through when contemplating revolution or in
fact any defection from the status quo.
I am sure the chickens will come home to roost eventually. Maybe there is
something we can so to help bring that day about faster?

@_date: 2016-09-27 19:38:13
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Switching gears 
That is a reasonable anarchist perspective, and I can't say I disagree with
it, at least not strongly. But Brin is very much a statist, which makes his
view at the very least hypocritical.

@_date: 2016-09-20 17:53:52
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: what is a traitor? 
I completely agree with Steve on this.
Morally, in my view, one can never be a traitor to the State, because to
betray the State, you have to have entered into some agreement with the
State voluntarily, i.e. not under duress. The State is force and violence
incarnate, therefore no truly voluntary agreement with it can exist. If
anything, it is those who act as an instrument of the State who are
traitors against the people they dominate. Which means Trump and Clinton
are vying for the position of Head Traitor.

@_date: 2016-09-02 17:05:38
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] ... and AP 
I don't think "killing off complainers" really matters that much. You only
have to go after leaders and highly visible figures like Snowden.
More bullets, more bodyguards, better alarm systems, better security
But they don't die as readily as the rest of us. They all get CCWs and
bodyguards and armored cars and on-staff medics to treat bullet wounds
quickly. And they get massive investigations by their local law enforcement
agency of any attack for "free".
This doesn't mean that I object to the current patent system.  In her book
I think she was wrong about it. And even if you support patents generally,
they are heavily abused in their current form and in at least some
industries it's not at all clear whether they are a net benefit. There are
other funding models for research that don't require granting a temporary
monopoly to whoever happens to write down an idea and pay the fee first.
Appeals to authority are perfectly fine in informal discussions. And I can
imagine, at least fuzzily, intellectual property systems that don't rely on
an organization with a monopoly on violence. I suspect that in trying to
set one up the market would demonstrate that it's more expensive than it's
worth, though.
Let me propose an outline of a solution which could square the circle:  At
 Other manufacturers may make products that are made
The voluntary systems I imagine work similarly, though mostly focused
around whether or not one has recourse in particular private court systems.
I am hard pressed to think of any previous system where people all agreed
not to sell that didn't require violence or eventually break down. OPEC has
only worked because it's an extraction industry and its members have mostly
been dictatorships where the dictator or their descendant would likely be
in charge when the oil finally runs out. And it's starting to break down as
Iran starts thinking about being more democratic.
I agree with the last sentence, but a temporary monopoly granted by the
government is not the only way to reward inventors, and people are
constantly inventing things which can easily be copied, which I think goes
to show that you don't have to do *anything* to ensure that inventors are
I think patents may have made more sense when it was much harder for
individuals and small groups to get funding to develop an idea, and the
only people with the resources to develop them were the guilds and
state-sponsored corporations like the East India Company. Patents were a
way to protect the "little guy." Now it's much easier to get your hands on
funding than it was then, whether it's a small business loan, SBIR, venture
or angel capital, or crowdfunding. It makes the "first mover advantage"
much more significant when you can move as fast or even faster than a large
company that has the same idea, and those larger organizations tend to be
risk-averse anyway.
It's quite possible I'm biased from working in Silicon Valley, where most
patents get applied for not for protection from having your idea "stolen,"
but for protection from other patentholders. Or because they're seen as
valuable by potential investors/buyers, but that mostly matters before you
have a customer base and infrastructure.

@_date: 2016-09-02 00:16:01
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] ... and AP 
Well, I meant that I do not support the status quo in the sense of helping
resist any change regardless of the direction. I would only resist change
toward something I felt was worse. And try to help bring about change
toward something I think would be better.
I agree with that. I've been intentionally vague about what "worse" or
"better" means, because frankly I don't really know.
I only meant in the sense that the incumbent usually sees it as a bad thing
when they are thrown out. And it applies to everything, not just democracy.
Even in an absolute dictatorship, it's generally cheaper to control a
population that's reasonably happy than one that's angry.
I think Huxley showed pretty effectively that surveillance is unnecessary
for creating a totalitarian society. In fact, too much of it can rob the
government of the appearance of legitimacy. "Why do you need to spy on your
own citizens?" The US mainly gets away with it in the name of terrorism and
the drug war, and that only goes so far. People will not support
surveillance to enforce laws they don't agree with. Instead, we get
propaganda, bread, and circuses courtesy of capitalism or mercantilism or
whatever you want to call it. The "independent" media still want to get
called on in white house press conferences and invited to embed journalists
with military units. The film industry gets heavy subsidies from various
governments in order to film there, so naturally they're not going to
release anything that embarrasses the government. Just watch the end
credits of a movie sometime and notice how many government entities they
I suspect the surveillance is really about maintaining sufficient fear
among would-be whistleblowers so they don't do things that result in
inconvenient rearrangements of the deck chairs on the Titanic. It's also
about money and keeping the law enforcement/prison industrial complex
well-fed. But I don't think it's about trying to maintain total control as
depicted in 1984. Even without it the system would be doing just fine.
Heck, it *was* doing just fine before mass surveillance was practical.
We'll see how stable it ends up being in reality. Despite the amount of
power the US exercises, it's still possible to escape, particularly for
individuals who aren't already on the government's radar.
True, but it might make it so the US won't be able to spend more money on
its military than the rest of the world combined.
I don't think it says much to have the stock market going up when interest
rates are close to zero or even negative depending on how you look at it.
When there's no money to be made on low-risk investments, naturally
investors are going to invest more in higher risk stuff like stocks. And
whenever the market is going up, the idiot "momentum investors" come out in
force, betting that stocks will do the same thing tomorrow that they did
today. Which causes the stock market to have momentum because people
believe it has momentum, even though there's no other reason for that to be
the case. So you can always assume it will overshoot, and history has shown
it can overshoot by arbitrary amounts and for arbitrary periods of time.
If you haven't watched "The Big Short" I highly recommend it. The huge
amount of time it took between when pretty much everyone knew the housing
market was fucked and when the mortgage-backed securities actually fell in
price is a really good demonstration of how disconnected the financial
markets can be from reality. Pretty much all paper wealth has this problem.
Or you could just watch Wile E Coyote run off cliffs in Road Runner
cartoons. But if he were the stock market he could run halfway to orbit
before realizing he wasn't standing on anything.

@_date: 2016-09-01 18:28:38
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] ... and AP 
The question is always "support" relative to what? I would have to be
convinced that any shift I was to help bring about would be likely to
eventually lead to something better, preferably within our lifetimes.
Making things worse is easy. Making them worse in such a way that they
eventually get better is harder.
Sorry. That's what happens when I try to write out a complicated thought
without going back and reediting multiple times. What I mean is that having
enough people eventually decide that "anything is better than this" serves
as a useful check on those in power. Can't make things too bad or people
band together to bring it down without regard to what follows. No different
from an election where a bunch of people vote for "the other guy" even
though the other guy is totally unqualified, just because they're so
dissatisfied with you, and your own supporters stay home.
Yes. And Brave New World. We're basically in the world depicted by Huxley
already. The thing that struck me most about Brave New World is that none
of the Powers That Be worried about bringing an outsider into the world --
because it was stable! People for the most part liked things the way they
were. That scares me a hell of a lot more than 1984.
I believe the system will bring itself down because the financial system of
the "developed world" is a house of cards. There are hungrier nations that
are far less vulnerable to the "seizing up" the system will experience when
people stop trusting the prices in the market. In order for people to
transact in the marketplace, they have to trust that the prices in the
marketplace are at least somewhat reflective of value. This is why you saw
banks sitting on repossessed houses or holding off on foreclosing on
non-performing mortgages; they believed the government would intervene to
raise prices, so they were waiting for a better deal. But things have only
gotten worse since 2008, and every subsequent intervention will only become
more costly and create ever more perverse incentives.

@_date: 2016-09-01 17:57:49
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] ... and AP 
Of course AP can be turned against "honest people." It's a system for
turning money into death without knowing where the money came from. Rich
people make out like bandits in such a system, because they can hire
bodyguards non-anonymously and pay to have their enemies killed anonymously.
Ironically, AP would work best in a society with a high level of wealth
equality. If there's high inequality, it just makes that worse.
And clearly from juan's reply he supports chaos, as long as it's not the
status quo. Not that this isn't a useful incentive for those who benefit
from the status quo to ensure that it keeps enough people happy enough that
they don't turn into juans, or at least ensure such people don't have
enough power and influence to bring the system crashing down. Of course,
this system will probably bring ITSELF crashing down without needing much
if any help.

@_date: 2016-09-02 20:35:57
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] ... and AP - now IP 
I agree with everything you say here.
I think you're reading this in a different way than I intended it. What I
meant was this is why patents got support and why they may have made things
incrementally better, not that there wasn't a better solution possible.
Getting rid of the guilds and government-sponsored corporations for example.
I think I'd need to read examples of small businesses getting financed in
1700. Knowing a number of people who have started small businesses now, it
seems obvious to me that the situation for financing is better now than it
was then. Which is not to say it doesn't still need a lot of improvement
before it's "good" in any absolute sense.

@_date: 2016-09-12 14:59:41
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Your obsession with Juan 
On Sep 8, 2016 23:44, "Bastiani Fortress" cannot personally block you from their mail preferences, right?
Unfortunately those of us who did so ages ago are still seeing his trash
via public replies like yours. The only reliable way to block a troll is to
also block everyone who replies to trolls.
Unfortunately those of us who did so ages ago are still seeing his trash via public replies like yours. The only reliable way to block a troll is to also block everyone who replies to trolls.

@_date: 2016-09-14 19:34:18
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Google is amazing 
I'm not sure how manually blocking based on mailing list headers makes any
sense. And there are plenty of mailing lists that get lots of spam. This
used to be how cpunks worked when it was distributed, as has been discussed
here recently. The end user was expected to run a spam filter against the
list, subscribe to a filtered mirror, or just put up with it.
Well, the "retards" probably aren't going to care much about a few mailing
list messages being sent to their spam folder erroneously. I can't say I've
actually cared about any of the messages that got sent to spam, I'm just
pedantic about such things. Today, though, the only "false positive" was
someone I would have blocked anyway. So is it really a false positive?

@_date: 2016-09-13 17:47:42
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Google is amazing 
Having used both Gmail and SpamAssassin for filtering mail to this address,
which I've had since 1996, I've found SpamAssassin to be vastly superior in
terms of false positives. Gmail doesn't seem to be that much better in
terms of false negatives even. Pretty disappointing.
I used to have a filter that prevented Gmail from marking cpunks mail as
spam, but I have intentionally avoided fixing that since the list address
changed in hopes of training it not to suck so bad. So far I don't seem to
have had much luck.
One thing I did notice is that by default when you block a sender on Gmail
it sends their messages to the spam folder instead of deleting them, which
could mean its training the spam filter on them as well. If a lot of people
do that, it could cause the spam filter to think other cpunks messages are
also spam instead of just, say, Cypher Piggie's.
The solution for me is going to be to stop using Gmail once I find the time
to set up my scandalous basement server. The easier solution is just to set
up a filter with "never mark as spam" as someone else suggested whom I
would credit by name were I not typing this on my phone in the bathroom.

@_date: 2016-09-14 19:55:00
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Coalition Seeks Obama to Pardon Snowden 
I agree that if I were Snowden I wouldn't ever trust the USG, but I don't
see how it serves the government's purposes to have him die in any way
where would-be whistleblowers don't at least strongly suspect is connected
to his leaks. They want to make an example of him, because leaks are the
thing the USG is by far the most vulnerable to.

@_date: 2016-09-14 19:46:40
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: UK: Censors, Tracks and Balkanizes Its Internet; 10yrs for Pirates 
One step closer to everyone ceasing to pretend the Internet is in any way
free or democratic. It was a nice fantasy while it lasted. Even where ISPs
are nominally private, you can't be a licensed user of the airwaves or have
fiber along government right-of-ways and expect not to have the government
impose its own interests on you. I wonder how long it'll be before they
outlaw any kind of overlay network they can't snoop on? I guess that's what
the attempts to outlaw useful crypto are all about. I bet we'll eventually
see warrants to decrypt legal, escrowed crypto envelopes entirely on
suspicion that the user is using a layer of unescrowed crypto inside. Which
will accomplish exactly what the content cartels want by forcing those who
care about privacy into low-bandwidth covert channels while doing nothing
to make it more difficult for genuine criminals to communicate privately.
Maybe it'll be harder to share kiddie porn. But at a huge cost to the
future of humanity, as we all know where this road is leading.
Maybe there's some hope for wireless services where the hardware is
licensed rather than the user. Or extremely line-of-sight stuff like FSO.

@_date: 2016-09-19 17:57:30
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: on communication - [zen@freedbms.net: Re: [geany/geany] fails to open Microsoft UTF-16LE file (M 
Are you seriously bragging to this list about how you engage in coder
dick-size comparisons? I'm guessing you think you won the one you're
sharing, or you wouldn't be sharing it. But then, we already knew social
skills weren't your strong suit.
Guess it's a nice break from the usual Russian propaganda and Holocaust
denial, at least.

@_date: 2016-09-19 18:42:16
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Even spookier entangled particles. 
I'm by no means an expert in quantum physics, which makes my lack of
surprise at this fairly uninteresting, but it seems to me these results are
completely compatible with the time-symmetric interpretation of quantum
mechanics. If I understand it correctly, according to TSQM the particle
already "knows" about its future interactions to the extent that quantum
information is preserved through any intervening interactions. So in the
case of photon-splitting, the photons leave their source with polarizations
that are aligned with (or opposite) the axis on which they will be
measured. You could say the information "propagates" in both temporal
directions, but I think it makes more sense to think of the particle's
entire timeline as a single entity.
According to the papers I've read on TSQM, it makes (or made) no
predictions that are different from the Copenhagen interpretation. This
experiment seems like it may be the first to show a difference. Not
necessarily because of any predictions, but because of the additional
mental contortions required to hang on to the Copenhagen interpretation.
There's still no ability to send "real" information faster than light or
backward in time, though. I say this only because of the purported
equivalence between TSQM and Copenhagen, not because I have any idea why it
should be the case. Intuitively, it seems like it could be related to the
(quantum) information-theoretic version of entropy that you get with
reversible computations. Or maybe even just real entropy, since TSQM still
"behaves" as if it's nondeterministic from our perspective, since we can
never know enough about a system to know its "true" internal state. So
somehow everything conspires to prevent us from setting up a system that
would carry some piece of information back in time that we care about.
I guess another way to look at it is that the universe is a solution to
some kind of differential equation. Possible solutions that contain
paradoxes aren't valid, so they don't happen. Not via some shift in some
"unified" timeline ala Star Trek, but through colossal numbers of tiny
shifts that disperse any information that we're trying to send back in time
that would cause any kind of paradox at any scale. The result is a universe
that appears to have an arrow of time at any scale we can actually measure,
appears to mostly follow General Relativity, etc. Until you get to scales,
large and small, where the exact underlying geometry starts to matter.
Come to think of it, if paradoxes are what's important, the ability to send
information back in your own timeline (i.e. within your own past light
cone) is all that matters. If there is no privileged reference frame, this
also means you can't send information into spacelike regions of your own
light cone, because if two entities do that then you can arrange things to
send information into your own past light cone. But if there IS a
privileged reference frame, say, the reference frame of the CMB, where you
can't send information into *its* past light cone, then you can send
information faster than light but still not into your own past. Recall that
the Lorentz transformations were initially introduced to (successfully)
explain how light could appear to always be moving the same speed even with
a luminiferous ether, but then Einstein discarded the luminiferous ether
because he realized it wasn't necessary, not because there was any evidence
that contradicted it.
I may well be misinterpreting what TSQM says, so please don't discard it on
the basis of my uninformed interpretation! Go read up on it and THEN
discard it ;-)

@_date: 2016-09-20 22:47:47
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: on communication - gpg's el gamal and debian's openssl 
No. The Debian maintainers revoked all their ElGamal signing keys. It was a
big fuck up, but it's been dealt with. The problem is the larger issue of
writing secure software and building services/processes that depend on that
software. There needs to be more defense in depth, where a single broken
primitive can't compromise the whole chain. Signing commits, publishing
them in multiple independent places, reproducible builds, extensive test
suites. Of course, this is all unglamorous work that's hard to get
volunteers to do unless they're really passionate about end-to-end
security, i.e. the hard, dirty stuff that requires interacting with other
humans, as opposed to individual security primitives which tend to be more
standalone and thus easier for someone to work on in their spare time.

@_date: 2016-09-26 20:29:02
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Switching gears 
My main objection is that Brin is basically throwing up his hands with
respect to any kind of pushback against surveillance, saying it's
inevitable. I'm not just assuming this from what he's written there,
either; he's commented on my Facebook threads about surveillance by
actually saying we should ignore that stuff and focus on his sousveillance
instead. Though he seems to do a lot of self-promotion on Facebook
generally, so perhaps he's just overdoing it.
But it's not actually true that surveillance is a "done deal" or that we
have no control over the form it takes. We don't have to allow the State to
contract out to private companies for red light cameras and ALPRs and then
let them sell the data to whomever they want. We can force the
implementation of retention & sharing policies. What you don't have can't
be exfiltrated or abused. We may not be able to prevent its being collected
in the first place, but we can sure as hell stop the construction of the
databases, at least where we know about them. And we'll never know about
them if we don't keep paying attention.
The problem is that Brin seems to view this as a fight against the
technology. But it's really a fight against blindly deploying technology
with no thought as to how it's used. We may not be able to stop
surveillance, but there are lots of different ways to bring it into the
light and regulate it where it's deployed by government, and citizen
sousveillance is only a small part of that.

@_date: 2016-09-26 19:40:22
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Switching gears 
This seems like exactly David Brin's proposal in The Transparent Society.

@_date: 2016-09-27 14:36:34
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
While I do enjoy Steve's messages and mostly agree with what he's written
on this thread, if you'd bothered to read even the first line of the
message I'd quoted, or if you were using a proper threaded mail reader, you
would have seen that it was xorcist I was replying to, not Steve.

@_date: 2016-09-27 00:38:30
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
I staked out a stronger position than I actually hold, a hopefully
forgivable mistake in response to Zenaan's black-and-white "Russia good, US
evil" propagandizing. Thanks for the thoughtful response.

@_date: 2016-09-26 21:22:41
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
I don't disagree with this, but I will say that I think there are other
equally valid interpretations that don't involve words like "annex", which
I think applies far more to Russia with Crimea than it does to the US
w.r.t. the rest of Ukraine. On the other hand, the main innovation of the
US flavor of imperialism is the more subtle/opaque means by which it
achieves its ends, thus ensuring that one can easily interpret it as not
imperialism. Not that the Russians are above subterfuge; they're just not
in a position to as easily use it in this situation.
This is by no means unique or even more prevalent in the United States than
elsewhere. The way for any government to retain its power is by convincing
a large enough segment of the population that it's better off than it would
be under some other situation they think they can achieve. Cognitive
assonance does the rest. I certainly suffer from it as much as anyone. I
like to think I'm more enlightened than the average person in my position,
but TBH I have no idea what I'll do when the shit hits the fan. What I do
know is that my family comes before any kind of ideology. Which in a sense
is just selfishness, but I do feel like I was far more able to do things on
behalf of ideology that were not in my immediate self-interest before I had
 I don't share your pessimism as to bodycount, but that could be wishful

@_date: 2016-09-26 19:35:21
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
You claim he was "installed," yet clearly not acting in the US's interest.
Why might that be? Perhaps because he wasn't actually "installed" as people
generally think of it, or perhaps because Putin bought him back from the US?
So were the Ukraine coup-plotters. Couldn't have done it without the US
You say coup, I say revolution. And the Russians call everyone they don't
like Neonazis. I'm sure some of them are, but Russia is not exactly in a
position to throw stones. Neither side is populated with angels.
The methods for overthrowing governments and suppressing the captive
I love your careful phrasing there. I said "Ukrainians" and you responded
with "elected government of Ukraine." Of course the "elected government of
Ukraine" didn't officially ask for assistance. I'm not sure what "elected"
even means in Ukraine, what with 123% of registered voters turning up in
Sevestapol to vote to secede. But as we all know Russia NEVER interferes
with elections.
The US is not innocent here, but attempting to play Russia off as "the good
guy" or even "better" in any respect other than their vastly lower
capabilities is just laughable. The only thing they have going for them is
that they're not the US and can form a counterbalance. Which is not exactly
a high bar.
Stop lying.
Not particularly helpful language when you're trying to tease apart a very
complex situation. But perhaps that's not what you're actually trying to do.

@_date: 2016-09-26 19:16:17
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
That would be Mexico, which is in a similar boat, and if Mexico tried to
turn toward the Russians and the US was supplying pro-American forces there
while someone was trying to support the US I would be supporting the
Russians in that scenario.
I don't disagree with you. I came off as more "ra ra 'merica" than I really
intended to.

@_date: 2016-09-26 17:54:18
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
So what you're saying is that, if you get mugged on the street and the
mugger has a gun to your head, then any attempt to resist the mugger means
you are suicidal, and anyone who tries to help you is dead set on your
destruction? Great logic, there.
One could just as easily turn this around and say that Putin is dead set on
Ukraine's destruction because he won't allow the Ukrainians to determine
their own destiny. Even if you were to assume that all his lies about not
sending in Russian troops and equipment (almost certainly engineered to be
precisely accurate under a very narrow definition of same and only if you
squint in the right way) were true, he is certainly encouraging the Russian
thugs living there to engage in as much violence as possible.
No, this is Putin's baby. He's set it up so that if he can't have Ukraine,
nobody will. And the poor Ukrainians are caught in the middle, just as they
always have been because of their unfortunate geographic situation next to
a violent, ultranationalist neighbor. Violent and ultranationalist
according to Zenaan himself, by the way, who just told us that Putin is the
most moderate person the Russians could have elected.
The US is helping Ukraine because the UKRAINIANS HAVE ASKED FOR HELP. If
the situation is truly as you claim it is, then why isn't it just "better
to die on our feet than live on our knees?" Perhaps the Ukrainians are
simply tired of living in Russia's shadow and are terrified of the
strongman the Russians have elected?
As you know, I'm no fan of US foreign policy, but Russia is no better. As
far as I can tell, you only like them because you hate the US so much, and
the Russians are the only reasonable counterbalance you can think of. I
totally agree with you on the need to return to a multi-polar world, just
not because I think the Russians are any better than the US. They're just
DIFFERENT and can force the US to compromise.

@_date: 2016-09-27 15:07:51
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [RUS] Putin - the most moderate Russian politician acceptable to the Russian public 
Ok, so you do not understand the first thing about economics. That explains
your Trump support.
I think you mean toward the Russians who have colonized Ukraine.
You should try learning some history. The American "revolution" was
sponsored by the French. To the extent that it bankrupted the French
government and became a major factor leading to the French Revolution. The
rest of their funding came largely from outright theft.
Yes, it's possible the CIA were just stupid, but possibility is not
Justifying what, exactly? I didn't make the decision, nor am I trying to
excuse the US. You are the one attempting to excuse the Russians'
generations of deplorable behavior toward the ACTUAL Ukranians.
Actually the US's track record there is quite abysmal. But as we've already
established you can't be bothered to learn history.
LOL "I know what you are it what am I?"
They won't.
Right. Putin is simply a Russian nationalist. Granted.
I never claimed that, but the history of the relationship with Ukraine
largely happened under the USSR, so you cannot simply pretend the USSR
didn't happen. The USSR is also the most recent period where Russia was a
world power, a period many Russians look back on with rose colored glasses
 the same way many Americans look back on the Reagan era, the 1950s, and
I'm sure they accurately reflect the propaganda youre attempting to spew.
You don't seen to understand the difference between accepting something for
the sake of discussion and holding a position. But as we've established
your worldview has only black and white, good and evil.
And Trump is a moronic narcissist and even more authoritarian than Hillary.
We're you supporting someone other than one of the two you'd have some
credibility. Personally I will be voting for Johnso, if I vote at all.
The US has not ever NOT been these things. Not in my lifetime, anyway.
Russia isn't now but only because they lack the capability. But Russia has
a far longer history of empire than the US does. Which you'd know if you'd
bothered to learn any history
I agree that it has to stop. Trump won't stop it. Hell just steer it like a
drunken truck driver.
I think the US should be more friendly toward Russia. but Russia isn't the
only player out there. Iran is also important, as is Ukraine. Your idea of
diplomacy is very simplistic.

@_date: 2016-09-27 00:09:07
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [RUS] Putin - the most moderate Russian politician acceptable to the Russian public 
Which positions are those, exactly? I think you have me confused with
someone else.
So because those people say it, it's automatically wrong? Does that make
you a Nazi because of your Holocaust denial? Give me a break.
The mercantilists do Orwellianly name their trade restriction agreements
"free trade agreements", I'll give you that. But what I mean is ACTUAL
TRADE, which requires no special agreement. Just stop telling your people
who they're allowed to trade with and stealing from them every time they
engage in a transaction.
But yes, the US does pretend to be pro-free-trade when it is anything but.
But Trump is promising to take that to a whole new level. If you thought
the US used trade as a weapon before, what do you think Trump will do?
Not saying it hasn't happened. Are you saying Russia, which clearly has an
even greater interest in Ukraine, hasn't been up to the same thing far
A coup is just a revolution you don't like or that failed. I'm sure the US
had some hand in it. Did the US create all the conditions that led to it or
even a majority? Doubt it. Too expensive and too unlikely to succeed.
Meaningless to anyone who hasn't already swallowed the Russian perspective
hook line and sinker. And amusing coming from someone who has been chided
repeatedly on this list for re-posting from the same tabloid news sources
over and over. Anyone who considers you credible is not exactly someone I
care about believing me.
And accurate.
Actually I don't have a position on whether she does or not. I was just
accepting as a given your earlier post about Hillary believing in some kind
of "first strike policy" toward Russia.
War is a certainty for both candidates. Hillary is the only one with the
experience and, frankly, the rationality to be able to prevent escalation
to an all out direct war that could result in a nuclear exchange. Trump is
a narcissist who doesn't understand the first thing about international
Random words meant to distract from the fact that you haven't actually
responded to any of my points. Probably because all you're capable of doing
is copy-pasting from The Duran and Russia Insider. Perhaps if you can
convince one of those fine publications to respond to me, they'll be able
to come up with something better than you have that you can then copy and
Not very entertaining for me right now, so I won't waste more time on
Oh, right, I forgot, cpunks exists solely for your entertainment. Perhaps
you should just stick to treating it as the write-only medium you have
been, shouting The Duran and Russia Insider and a few Before Its News
articles into the void since no sane person would ever see their content

@_date: 2016-09-26 18:27:54
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: [RUS] Putin - the most moderate Russian politician acceptable to the Russian public 
You do realize you're insulting Russians by calling them jingoists, right?
But I guess you don't realize that, since you seem to think calling someone
a "nationalist" is a compliment.
This is like saying that we should be happy that PETA is only trying to ban
horsemeat, and we shouldn't fight them on it, because what they REALLY want
to do is ban ALL meat and pet ownership and force us to be vegetarians. Or
let's go ahead and give Poland to the Nazis, because that's just a tiny
thing compared to what they REALLY want!
I get that Russians are pissed about how they've been treated since the end
of the Cold War. Far longer, really. Just like I get that Germans were
pissed about how they were treated after they lost WWI. You see where I'm
going with this?
The solution in both cases, by the way, is TRADE. When goods cross borders
in sufficient quantities, ICBMs won't. But the Russians seem to want the US
to be run by a Putinesque strong man, too. One who thinks trade is a weapon
to deployed only when it suits one's own interests. You seem to think
Hillary has her finger on the nuclear button, but the fact of the matter is
Trump does too. The major difference between the two is that Hillary
actually knows it, whereas Trump is suffering so badly from Dunning-Kruger
(as are you, AFAICT, assuming you aren't simply a paid propagandist) that
he genuinely thinks he'd make us safer by returning us to a pre-WWII world
of 30% tariffs and trade wars.

@_date: 2016-09-29 17:16:10
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Assuming you're trying to build a large, effective organization, how do
you do it without some level of internal competition? I've worked for some
relatively touchy-feely companies (*cough* Linden Lab) that prided
themselves on being "flat", but eventually I realized they were just
keeping all the politics quiet and subtle. Meanwhile, people worked on
"fun" stuff and added neat but unimportant features to Second Life while
neglecting its stability and maintainability, with the ultimate result that
instead of trying to improve it, New Improved Corporate Linden Lab has
decided (probably correctly) to do a complete rewrite in the form of
Sansar. CouchIO had similar problems trying to essentially be a distributed
open source project with money.
But maybe it's not necessary to build large organizations in the first
place? I'd love to believe this. Perhaps something like the contract market
in Earthweb is the way to go.

@_date: 2016-09-29 17:09:20
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Yeah, but then you have to live in one of the most authoritarian states in
the US. Not that California is better, but at least it has nice weather
(and most of my immediate family).
It's nice to see Silicon Valley getting some competition, though. It's
starting to get hard to convince people to move here with the cost of
living, so the more different places tech companies start to locate, the
better for the cost of living in each of them. Of course, one could call me
biased since Google has offices worldwide, so the difficulty getting people
to move to the Bay Area hurts Bay Area only companies a lot more than it
hurts Google. (I don't say "us" because I want to make it clear I do not
speak for Google in any way.)

@_date: 2016-09-28 19:26:37
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
On Wed, Sep 28, 2016 at 11:53 AM, Georgi Guninski The "long tail" of old versions of Android in the wild is indeed a HUGE
problem. Kind of ironic given the amount of effort Google puts into finding
and fixing bugs in Android. What good is a bug fix if the fix never gets
applied on devices in the wild? This is one reason I typically stick to
Nexus devices, even though they tend to be pretty mediocre overall. Google
should tell vendors that they can't call their phone an "Android phone"
unless they get updates out in a timely manner. Or maybe we already do that.
Brillo is the IoT version of Android. I *think* it has some kind of
requirement around sending out updates, or it just updates the Android core
separately. At any rate, my impression was that it aims to try to avoid a
repeat of the low-end smartphone situation.
Note that IOS is no counterexample unless you really want all comsumer
hardware produced by a just a few companies that control the entire stack.
The equivalent of IOS devices from a timely updates standpoint would be
Nexus devices.

@_date: 2016-09-28 18:09:28
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
It's a good question. So far it's been low-hanging fruit: devices people
have intentionally or unintentionally opened to the Internet in order to
make use of them. In this case, webcams, which people open to the Internet
in order to be able to watch their dogs/fish/stepdaughter from the office.
People think their IP is unguessable, or that because there's a password,
it's "secure" even though it's the same password everyone else uses. I
don't know what the vulnerability is in this case, but IoT vulnerabilities
have often been generic vulnerabilities in a widely used piece of open
source software.
Of course, IoT devices (really, any consumer device, versus application
software) are "special" in that the code is often written by outside
contracting houses and security just isn't on the list of requirements. I
recall seeing right in the HTML of a bunch of different consumer wireless
routers a comment saying "Reference code. Do not use in production." It's
quite possible the code HAD been fixed and the Chinese developers just
hadn't realized they should strip out the comment, but with that little
attention to detail, it's not much of a stretch to imagine there were
probably plenty of security holes there.
An APT can certainly MITM update checks. We've already seen it happen with
Windows Update, and it's likely most IoT devices use a far less secure
update mechanism. SSL at best, probably with a default set of trusted
certificates. No bank robbery attack even needed; just find one of the
dumber CAs and convince them to issue you a certificate. Then it's just a
DNS spoofing problem.

@_date: 2016-09-28 17:31:15
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
It was mitigated by Google's Project Shield. The Internet is starting to
feel a lot more like feudalism, where you have to swear fealty to some lord
or get overrun by barbarian hordes. Or, I guess, the way all governments
want us to feel about the world. "Bad guys" like this are a government's
best friend. Or a megacorp's.
But the fact that they blew their wad early on a low-value target like
Krebs means that the issue will get attention. Of course, if the cost to
any given end user or their ISP is small enough, perhaps it won't be enough.
Ownership of Things is not permanent, though. Maintaining a botnet is a
neverending battle.

@_date: 2016-09-26 19:53:21
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
The problem is that there's too much money to be made off of exploiting
these holes TODAY, so it's very unlikely this huge vulnerability is going
to be silently and slowly deployed and then suddenly mass-exploited,
leading to some IoT-ageddon. There will almost certainly be some large
happenings along the way, but those will in turn lead to the development of
mitigation strategies, improvements in security, etc.
Ironically, this is an advantage of Internet-dependent devices like Nest,
Echo, etc: they get updated directly, so the patch problem is solved,
though that just moves the problem around a bit. We need to not be
deploying devices that can't be patched except in very special cases.

@_date: 2016-09-27 19:32:44
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: the hacker 
On Tue, Sep 27, 2016 at 8:07 AM, Cecilia Tanaka While I appreciate the offer to meet your cute Russian friend, I know
plenty of Russians. My sample is skewed by the fact that they're all tech
workers who have for one reason or another left Russia. The one I know who
is most nationalistic is in fact nationalistic about the US and hates
Russia. I don't know a single one who is nearly as much of a knee-jerk
supporter of Russia and Putin as Zen is.

@_date: 2016-09-27 14:41:01
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: the hacker 
Given how nationalistic Zen says Russians are, I wouldn't be surprised if a
lot of them hack for free, thus significantly reducing the need for TAO or
changing its role to more of a support organization. American
ultra-nationalists tend to be too dumb to hack.

@_date: 2016-09-27 17:02:00
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Two distinct DSA keys sign a file with the same signature. Is this repudiation issue? 
On Tue, Sep 27, 2016 at 8:06 AM, Georgi Guninski My apologies. I was on my phone so didn't have ready access to the dgst
manpage. That does seem very strange.

@_date: 2016-09-27 14:43:48
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Two distinct DSA keys sign a file with the same signature. Is this repudiation issue? 
I think the bug is that openssl is silently ignoring parameters, because
I'm pretty sure what you're doing is producing and verifying sha1 hashes,
not cryptographic signatures. Which means your keys aren't entering the
picture at all.

@_date: 2016-10-03 17:34:40
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I love how "I don't like Hillary but I hate Trump even more" becomes
"staunch follower." Pick up a dictionary maybe.
Everyone who doesn't agree with you is just an unthinking robot, huh?
You're not going to convince anyone that way; you're just screaming angrily
into the void.
