
@_date: 2001-10-18 14:15:55
@_author: Sean Donelan 
@_subject: Re: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems (fwd) 
I was refering to why something like Altivore wouldn't satisfy the unknown
requirements the FBI has.

@_date: 2001-10-18 07:43:25
@_author: Sean Donelan 
@_subject: Re: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems (fwd) 
I would if I could.
Some of it is confused by "we can't tell you," so no one can evaluate if
there is a less disruptive, less expensive and maybe even more effective
way to accomplish the same thing.
Some of my best friends work for the FBI :-)  I talk to them at
conferences, by e-mail, and so forth.  They are all very reasonable
and intelligent people.  They are very good at what they do, but
their expertise is focused in other areas.   But something happens
between the meetings and the publishing of the "punchlist."  I've
never met a person willing to admit they wrote any of the punchlist
items.  They just seem to appear anonymously out of thin air.
The majority of the information law enforcement requests (court order,
subpoena, etc) is handed over without (much) argument by most ISPs.
The most pushback comes from items carriers/providers believe may
corrupt, disrupt or otherwise impact the service of other customers.
There are people very good at designing tools for building doors, and
people very good at designing tools for breaking down doors.  While
you might use a hammer to do both, the mistake is thinking the same
hammer is always the best tool for every job.  If you happen to use
screws instead of nails, I guess you are out of luck.
Unless law enforcement is willing to tell us what the problem is, we
can't engineer the correct hammer for their needs.  Instead it appears
the FBI will design the hammer for us, and still not tell us what the
problem is.
Hey, FBI.  Tell us what you are trying to build and maybe we can
design a cool tool to help you build it.
I doubt the house is voting on any laws tonight.

@_date: 2010-12-08 04:26:18
@_author: Sean Donelan 
@_subject: Re: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
The content-side can be duplicated, replicated, distributed.  On the
eyeball-side its not as easy to replicate things.  DDOS against user
networks doesn't generate as much publicity, outside of the gammer world, but is also a problem.
Other than trying to hide your real address, what can be done to prevent
DDOS in the first place.

@_date: 2010-12-06 07:50:18
@_author: Sean Donelan 
@_subject: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
February 2000 weren't the first DDOS attacks, but the attacks on multiple well-known sites did raise DDOS' visibility.
What progress has been made during the last decade at stopping DDOS SMURF attacks creating a DDOS from directed broadcast replies seems to have been mostly mitigated by changing defaults in major router OS's.
TCP SYN attacks creating a DDOS from leaving many half-open connections seems to have been mostly mitigated with SYN Cookies or similar OS Other than buying lots of bandwidth and scrubber boxes, have any other DDOS attack vectors been stopped or rendered useless during the last Protocol quirks?
