
@_date: 2004-07-20 07:50:25
@_author: Winner Selection Committee 
@_subject: Is Your File Complete? 
Our file on you may be in INCOMPLETE
Our records indicate your entry file may be incomplete. This is an important matter deserving your immediate attention. The good news is that there is still time to act.
At this moment you may not have received our Bulletins that would bring you amazing opportunities to win big in the Publishers Clearing House sweepstakes. I'm sure given the chance that you would make every effort to respond to our Bulletins when you receive them. If this error has happened to you, it means you have not generated every SuperPrize Number you could have ... decreasing your maximum number of chances to win!
It would be a shame for you to lose out on these entry opportunities! That's why you are being offered this special chance to get 10 SuperPrize Numbers issued to you when you respond to this Entrant Audit.
Also keep in mind that the opportunity you're receiving in this Bulletin will only be available for a limited time. Don't let it slip through your fingers. Although no one knows what the winning number is, it could be just a few clicks away at this very moment.
The most important thing is that the few moments of your time it would take to respond to this Bulletin could really pay off: Imagine what it would be like to walk into your local bank and hand the teller a big fat check from Publishers Clearing House made out in YOUR NAME! That really would be a blessing.
But that might not happen unless you respond right away. Please let us hear from you today!
Deborah Holland
Winner Selection Committee
Possible ErrorNotification ACQ-LEA
2303 4637 382
Remediation Offered:1O SuperPrize Numbers
WINNER SELECTION COMMITTEE
Deborah Holland
Executive Vice President
Senior Vice President
Senior Director,
THE WINNER SELECTION COMMITTEE EXECUTES PROCEDURE RELATING TO ALL PUBLISHERS CLEARING HOUSE CONTESTS AND ESTABLISHED THE DATES OF AWARD.
Publishers Clearing House, pch.com, and their agencies are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information or formatting, whether caused by internet users or by any of the equipment, programming or software associated with or utilized in connection with the Sweepstakes. This offer is open to all residents of the United States, Puerto Rico and APO/FPO.
© 2004
