
@_date: 2002-02-28 01:52:35
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Re: Dell Computer Corporation Doesn't Deserve Your Business 
commenting. An official response I received seems to indicate that
they did indeed flag "Weigand Combat Handguns Inc." as suspicious from
the word "Combat":
    "We recently received an order from a customer whose company name
    included the word "combat." We cancelled the order to give us enough
    time to follow up with the customer and be assured that the sale
    would be in compliance with U.S. export law."
of their system of searching for suspicious keywords. In general, this
sort of simple matching against bad words is a very simple programming
task. One of the concepts I try to convey to people is that there is
no magic in censorware, no amazing artificial intelligence that has
any sort of judgment (despite any manufacture's hype). It is a common
feature of many programs to have the ability to enter a list of bad
words, and if any of the bad words match, deny service. And this
incident is an example of just how intelligent such keyword-matching
can be.
have been a stronger flag than "Combat". But who knows what's in their
blacklist? Those entries are almost always kept secret. Perhaps the
matching went from left to right, and the word "Combat" kicked out the
laptop order before the program even saw the word "Handguns".
or written their own simple keyword-checker for integration with their
order processing system. It really doesn't make a difference here.
Computers aren't magic. Computers are dumb. It's the human element
which is crucial here. A simple match of a word against a blacklist is
then blindly treated as indicating some sort of illegality, and a
procedure of better-safe-than-sorry then takes over. This incident is
a small case-study in one context. But the idea, and the implications,
are quite general.
that censorware is so much better now.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf  BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE: BESS vs Google:

@_date: 2002-02-28 07:22:19
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Re: No Link Between Dell and Handgun Control, Inc. 
It's all aggregated as a referral program where Dell is one merchant
participating in the referral pool, and Handgun Control, Inc is one
organization which can be the source of such a directed referral. Go up
one level, and look at the page  . It
lists several other referring organizations. This particular referral
pool is being run by progressivefunds.com, so of course the *referring*
organizations reflect those views. That says nothing about the
participating *merchants*.
commission for business from that organization's members. I can hardly
speak for Dell, but on general principles I'd assume they'd be happy
to give the NRA the same deal if a conservative group wanted to offer
referrals in a similar online mall. See Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf  BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE: BESS vs Google:
