
@_date: 2001-12-15 04:08:13
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: The MS DRM Patent and Freedom to Speak and Think 
In his November 6 essay "You're Free to Think,"
Dave Winer comments that whatever else happens in the
ongoing, increasing trend towards policing of the public's
right to use information and information technology, we are
still left with the freedom to *think* for ourselves.  He
seemed to me to be offering this comment as a bare source of
solace against the government's increasing intent to control
the prospects of communications technology.
Microsoft's favorable treatment of late caused him to wonder
what kind of deal Bill Gates must have worked out with the
Bush Administration.  He wondered what Microsoft might have
given the government in return for the highly favorable
terms of the settlement that's currently on the table in the
court proceedings against the company, for monopoly
practices in the operating systems arena.
He commented specifically on the current ramifications of
Microsoft's increasing position of power in the operating
systems market:
Now, it has just come to light that Microsoft has been
awarded a software "patent" for a "Digital Rights
Management" operating system.
This development shows us exactly where we stand now. Microsoft doesn't have to offer anything to the government;
it has only to hold possession of a patent covering the
"DRM" elements of its latest OS, thereby providing an almost
absolutely assured trajectory toward establishing the terms
by which the public's ability to communicate digital
information will be controlled.
Please see the message I am posting below, from the CYBERIA
email list, which quotes from the patent.
The real kicker is right here:
The ability to use information freely is now going to be
policed at the most intricate level, in the name of
exclusive rights and to the detriment of the most
fundamental Constitutional principles of our society.
Whereas the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution assures
that every American citizen has the full right to freedom of
speech, we see here the ultimate legislative and technical
trappings by which the public will be demarcated as mere
information consumers.
Facts and ideas are not contraband and may never be
copyrighted or otherwise constrained under the terms of
intellectual "property," whether they are bound up in an
expressive work or not; and the computer is a *logic* device
that now sits on nearly every citizen's desktop -- it is
*not* a consumer appliance.  From both the standpoints of
speech and thought, so-called digital "rights management" is
a utterly desolate *dead end.*
Whether we speak of the constituent pieces of expressive
works, or the nature of the computer itself, so-called
digital "rights management" marks the beginning of a grand
rollback of the means by which the promise of our
participation in and advancement of civil society have
lately been greatly augmented.
Rather than facing the simple, plain truth that the power
given in the U.S. Constitution for Congress to grant (or
deny) to authors and inventors "exclusive right" to their
works, was intended to cover products that do not
intrinsically bind up the very means of communication and of
our participation in civil society, we instead are
experiencing a social condition wherein monopoly interests
exploit the fluidity of logical products to evade the very
terms of antitrust law and to assure that the public's
ordinary rights do not gain purchase against their
interests.  Antitrust law is all about competition in a
particular product, but software is as amorphous in its
possibilities as our own vaunted power to think.  Thus
Microsoft easily maintains it is not in the browser market,
competing with Netscape; it is, rather, in the market for
"innovative operating systems."
We are now seeing just how "innovative" that operating
system can really be.
If we do not confront the ludicrousness of the idea of
holding a patent of this nature, and the outrageousness of
our courts' failure to confront the truth about what holding
market power in the field of informatin products really
means, we will soon be free to speak and think -- only so
long as we don't use our computers to do it.
Thus, in the name of exclusive rights, Microsoft is serving
old world publishing interests, acting by means of legal
fictions to assure that citizens who seek to further the
prospects of information technology, will be inexorably
locked into the role of information consumers, blocked from
exercising their own tools in full accordance with the
rights that our Constitution supposedly guards.
We are *all* information producers, whether we manifest this
as a routine, inalienable part of the ordinary rights we
exercise in our everyday lives, or whether we engage
ourselves in the present, increasingly desperate and furtive
struggle to guard commercial interests by restricting the
use of information delivered in digital form.
We have always been information producers, and we must not
accede to the interests of those who do not regard the
public at large as full and equal citizens, but rather as
mere consumers.
Seth Johnson
Committee for Independent Technology
December 14, 2001
Information Producers Initiative:

@_date: 2002-08-10 04:43:01
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
TCPA and Palladium are content control for the masses.  They
are an attempt to encourage the public to confuse the public
interest issues of content control with the private interest
issues of privacy and security.
Seth Johnson

@_date: 2002-08-10 04:43:01
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
TCPA and Palladium are content control for the masses.  They
are an attempt to encourage the public to confuse the public
interest issues of content control with the private interest
issues of privacy and security.
Seth Johnson

@_date: 2002-09-16 16:19:04
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
(Forwarded from No DMCA in Canada list)
-------- Original Message --------
Microsoft claims lots of benefits for Pd, some of which are
to allow Digital Rights Management (DRM).  However, most of
the benefits can already be achieved by existing hardware. All Intel CPUs since the 286 have had very good hardware
separation between tasks.  It is only Microsoft's choice not
to use this feature that has led to a single hunk of
inter-dependent code.
Intel CPUs can protect one program from the other.  You can
create secure device drivers which can no longer crash you
computer.  But, the basic operating system will always have
full control of the computer.  So you can protect programs
from each other, and the user from malicious programs, but
the user always maintains complete control over his machine.
What Pd adds is to take control away from the user.  It
"allows" the user to give up part of his control over the
machine, and give it to a program.  This is of course
required for DRM, but I cannot really think of any other
application.  They talked about some things like banking
software, but that is just silly.  We have perfectly good
cryptography to handle those threats, and using Pd for
banking would be very dangerous.  After all, the Pd chip
isn't protected against physical attacks, so you have to
trust the owner of the computer anyway.
There was some misdirection about it not being possible to
change the whole Windows operating system, so Pd is needed
to create a kind of micro-kernel under the OS.  This is not
true.  You can do the same on Intel hardware; VMware is a
good example.  Microsoft can achieve the same security
features (except for DRM) using existing hardware and the
same amount of software development effort.
My conclusion: The only reason for Pd is DRM.  All the rest
is just a smoke-screen, or stupidity.  You can never tell
the difference.
For (un)subscription information, posting guidelines and
links to other related sites please see
