
@_date: 2004-11-05 01:47:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Close the 49th Parallel 
This business of blue states joining Canada is rich. Please keep it
up; begging would be delightful. Actually there is a somewhat academic book published some years ago by
Mike Adams called Sex in the Snow which discusses the apparent values
congruence between the blue states and most but not all of Canada. I
say most because there is a pocket of know-nothing evangelical morons
in Alberta (currently damaging only their own community institutions
and nobody else's) and a tiny knot of even more know-nothings in the
Fraser Valley east of Vancouver barely 50 miles from where all those
same-sex marriages are being conducted. They are completely surrounded
and without prospect of reinforcement. There is also the small matter
of the entirety of Quebec which is far to the left of anything seen in
the US since the Weathermen. Speaking of which, where are they when
you need them most? Where have you gone Mark Ruud? Where are the
Armstrong Bros. now?
In Canada, blue means reactionary and also beer. Thats about right
don't you think? Red is the sacred international colour of revolution.
Once again out of step are we?
Alas, having reviewed your application with the standard offer of
bribes and inducements, we don't want you. Besides you are second in
line. The poor Turks and Caicos Islands have been trying off and on
for decades to join with pathetic beach-filled blandishments but they
have been repeated rebuffed. However your indigent grandparents can
still buy their medications and flu shots here at reasonable prices.
Charity for the poor is important -- just keep on sending your
trailer-park people up on buses as you have been doing. We will look
after them if you won't.
No, you will have to stew in your own juices until done. Consider it
punishment for very bad international behaviour for 225 years not only
in Iraq but also including Chile, Venezuela, especially Vietnam,
Cambodia, Dominican Republic, Panama, the Phillippines, the Halls of
Montezuma, the shores of Tripoli, Beirut, Somalia, Mexico, etc. etc.
not to mention the burning of my beloved city of Toronto in 1813. Oh
yes, we did get even for that one didn't we. The smell of the White
House in flames in the morning was said to be most bracing. YOU MIGHT
TRY IT ON FOR SIZE YOURSELVES.
