
@_date: 2003-01-24 22:16:34
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: thumdrive integrity --Deniable Thumbdrive? 
Check  - this looks like a good
chip. Together with embedded Linux it could be pretty useful for this
purpose, could shorten the development time considerably. For $249 they
offer a readymade developer board.
Has built-in Ethernet and serial ports, and with a chip like FT8U232AM it
could work with USB as well.

@_date: 2003-01-24 20:51:46
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: thumdrive integrity --Deniable Thumbdrive? 
DEFINITELY TRUE!
Thumbdrive products are a good step in the right direction, but by far not
long enough. Another approach is needed.
The unit should be tamperproof, with more services than just a dumb mass
storage device. The unit should contain a biometric sensor (eg, a
fingerprint reader), a small keypad or other device to enter a PIN, and
its own processor, for performing cryptographic operations.
The device should support several operations for different PINs, and
several PINs, which will allow several different private storage areas,
different operations, and a special PIN for destruction of secure content
and offering dummy content instead ("See officer? I told you there are no
crypto keys there!").
The device should be able to keep audit log of operations.
The device should store the data in encrypted form in the memory. The PIN
could be part of the decryption key.
The device should be able to handle the biometric reader output on its
own, independently on the host computer. This architecture together with
adherence to USB mass-storage standards would make us independent on any
OS-specific drivers, making the device truly multiplatform.
The device should be able to perform the encryption/decryption services on
its own (hence the cryptographic CPU). Eg, you have an untrusted computer.
You plug the device to its port, move a document from the untrusted
machine to device's directory "Cleartext", authorize yourself to the
device with fingerprint and PIN, select the "Encrypt" function (which can
be done eg. by a suffix to the PIN). In few seconds, you should then find
the encrypted document in the device's directory "Ciphertext". Similarly,
the device should support write-only directory, to which you could write
files freely but won't be able to retrieve them without authorization
(this could allow using the device for data couriers who would be able
to pick data but won't be able to read them along the way).
Optionally, the unit could be usable for encryption/decryption of data
streams, which would make it very useful for IP telephony.
The key for crypto functions should never leave the unit. Attempt of
physical compromising of the unit should result in self destruction of at
least the part of the memory that keeps the keys (maybe keep them in
battery-backed RAM, sealed in epoxide resin with both passive and active
tamper-detection devices (including but not limited to thin wire mesh)?
This way, even if the computer itself would get compromised, the only
thing the adversary would be able to intercept would be the plaintexts
used in the sessions with the compromised machine. Which they would be
able to get using TEMPEST or a keylogger anyway. This design should be
robust against hijacking of the key by eg. trojan horses.

@_date: 2003-01-27 22:08:37
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Secure voice app: FEATURE REQUEST: RECORD IPs 
I use a very similar system (in PHP), activated by a wget request from
having to improvise is a remote syslog and a crontab entry that each 5
minutes spits a heartbeat message into the log (so each 5 minutes I get an
UDP packet telling me the address on which the machine currently is; brute
force, reliable, small overhead, abuse-resistant).
Works, proven experimentally. One fateful day my ISP cut off all UDP
traffic above and including port 1024 (they reinstated it two days later,
so I suppose it was a hasty defense against a DDoS attack). I had a VPN
connection to my office LAN, so I opened the two UDP ports on the firewall
and set up portforwarding in iptables, and after some wrestling caused by
my relative inexperience I got it working. Was surprisingly reliable.
By the way - thought a bit about the ringing and authentication. Why we
have to unite the call request system with the rest of the IP phone
application? Couldn't we use it as an entirely separate process, maybe
something simple based on eg. SSL or HTTPS, employing client certificates?
This way we reduce the modifications of the VoIP component itself to bare
minimum or perhaps none at all. Maybe it could be as simple as a perl or
PHP script on the listening side, and a script calling curl on the other

@_date: 2003-01-27 18:06:24
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Secure voice app: FEATURE REQUEST: RECORD IPs 
DSL lease timeout. A feature of DHCP-based dynamic IP addresses over
permanent connections. Similar for cable, though the differences yo
observed seem to be rather implementation-dependent than principial.
Idea: What about a caller ID system, based on eg. SSL certificates or PGP
signed challenge-response?

@_date: 2003-02-24 04:46:45
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: GNU radio musings 
GNU radio has a very very generic approach to signal handling. However,
this brings some somehow troubling (and exciting) expectations for the
It's only matter of time until the software for TEMPEST receivers will be
written. Then the cost of lower-end TEMPEST units will drop down to next
to zero, allowign even the smallest police unit to be equipped by one. The
good side of it is that the system is likely to be so available that we as
the defenders will have the possibility to check if our newly installed
shielding doesn't leak.
Another interesting application could be a passive radar. Three receiver
units with precise timebase, located in a rough triangle, correlating the
exact times they heard edges on the signal they receive. The same
principle used by Czech passive radar systems Kopac, Ramona, and the most
advanced, Tamara. Lockheed is now developing their own ones, rumours say
their design is based on stolen and reverse-engineered Tamara. GNU radio
units with proper software, timebase receiver using a central timebase
transmitter or (if the operation scenario presumes satellite operations
will be unaffected) GPS signal, a central computer (or cluster of
computers) correlating the data from the receivers in the field, sent eg.
over the Net. Any aircraft that's using its onboard radio systems will be
visible for such network, which doesn't need any active transmitting
components. Using a separate fixed omnidirectional pulse transmitter, it
should be possible to broaden the system's function as a "standard" radar,
possibly showing even the objects that don't broadcast on their own. Which
could allow civilian population to build their own radar system for every
city and village. Another possibility (would it work?) is using "natural"
signal from some transmitter instead, making even active system seeming
like passive one (after all, why we should broadcast our own pulsed signal
from a fixed location when we have cellular towers doing it for us for
free and without giving us FCC hassles.)
An extension of this idea will allow tracking of any broadcasting devices;
location of cellphones or personal walkie talkie transceivers or wireless
bugs will become very simple. An object guarded with such system will be
harder to attack clandestinely; at the moment the adversary uses radio to
synchronize their people, their location gets instantly betrayed in
machine-readable form. If tuned to the frequency of police transceivers
(European systems Tetra and Matra are similar to GSM system, using digital
pulse modulation which gives sharp, well-defined pulses easy to spot),
could be used to log their position over time, giving the taxpayers
instant informations that instead of protecting them in the streets the
plods spend 70% of their time in their offices.
As any technology, it's a double-edged sword. But seems to give much much
more power to Us than to Them. So it seems to be good. And as an added
benefit, it's a cool geek toy.

@_date: 2003-02-02 00:42:18
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Shuttle Diplomacy 
Or they want us to think so, playing double-bluff. (It isn't possible to
get a missile up there quickly enough and accurately enough to hit so high
and fast target. (Though one can never rule out an infrared MIRACL-class
laser. But a plain vanilla mechanical failure seems more probable.
Remember, most airplanes that crash don't contain any bomb, and the most
vicious terrorist is lousy maintenance.)
Once it had to be the first time, especially with the cost-cutting so
common these days, and with the careerism and bureaucracy that thrives in
the management of every big organization.
Over Texas it was in just the right flight phase to experience problems;
just the point where the shuttle was about to switch from spacecraft to
aircraft mode, switching to alternate control systems.
Saddam's family is known for having bigger mouths than capabilities.
Especially in this case, I'd bet my shoes on Murphy; Columbia was an old
lady that had her problems even before the launch itself. I'd bet on
something stupid, like loosened tiles or computer malfunction (though more
likely the tiles, as the computers are backed up). Remember Challenger,
where the fault was a stupid O-ring.
Shame Feynmann is dead :(((  I'd LOVE to read his report about this one.

@_date: 2003-02-03 17:18:10
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade 
Tf they ingested a part made of beryllium alloy, it could make them pretty

@_date: 2003-02-04 19:40:20
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Putting the "NSA Data Overwrite Standard" Legend to Death... 
OK, I'm sure this one will start a flame war, but...I work for a vendor
whose products overwrite files when "deleting" them as a way of protecting
old data.  Lately several customers have been asking for "NSA" or "DoD"
standard overwrites, usually with a value of 3, 7 or 9.  (Our response to
the feature was to more or less let the owner of the product pick the
number of overwrites; the obvious tradeoff is morewrites=slowerdisk.)
Anyway, while researching how we wanted to document recommended values for
the overwrite feature, I looked into the "DoD" and "NSA" standards.
I was not surprised to see that a "DoD standard" DOES exist:
   Government name: DoD 5220.22-M
   A nice summary:  (not my product)
   Some original documents:    Long story short: 1 overwrite = CLEAR, 3 overwrites = SANITIZED
(non-removable rigid disk)
I was surprised, however, to learn that a "NSA standard" DOES NOT exist.
I did the usual Google searches and came up with nothing but various sites
and postings claiming the standard was anything from 5 to 20
overwrites.  Then I called the NSA (1-800-688-6115
-    The first person I chatted with passed on the
question, but the second answered the question in no uncertain terms - NSA
is aware of DoD 5220.22-M and DOES NOT have a separate recommendation.
So...could this finally be the end of IT employees casually tossing around
the "NSA overwrite standard" - or is there something I'm missing?
Second, where did the number 7 really come from?  (It seems to be the
leading recommendation out there right now for number of overwrites and is
frequently attributed to the NSA.)
- Jonathan Lampe, GCIA, GSNA
- jonathan.lampe

@_date: 2003-02-04 19:40:20
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Putting the "NSA Data Overwrite Standard" Legend to Death... 
OK, I'm sure this one will start a flame war, but...I work for a vendor
whose products overwrite files when "deleting" them as a way of protecting
old data.  Lately several customers have been asking for "NSA" or "DoD"
standard overwrites, usually with a value of 3, 7 or 9.  (Our response to
the feature was to more or less let the owner of the product pick the
number of overwrites; the obvious tradeoff is morewrites=slowerdisk.)
Anyway, while researching how we wanted to document recommended values for
the overwrite feature, I looked into the "DoD" and "NSA" standards.
I was not surprised to see that a "DoD standard" DOES exist:
   Government name: DoD 5220.22-M
   A nice summary:  (not my product)
   Some original documents:    Long story short: 1 overwrite = CLEAR, 3 overwrites = SANITIZED
(non-removable rigid disk)
I was surprised, however, to learn that a "NSA standard" DOES NOT exist.
I did the usual Google searches and came up with nothing but various sites
and postings claiming the standard was anything from 5 to 20
overwrites.  Then I called the NSA (1-800-688-6115
-    The first person I chatted with passed on the
question, but the second answered the question in no uncertain terms - NSA
is aware of DoD 5220.22-M and DOES NOT have a separate recommendation.
So...could this finally be the end of IT employees casually tossing around
the "NSA overwrite standard" - or is there something I'm missing?
Second, where did the number 7 really come from?  (It seems to be the
leading recommendation out there right now for number of overwrites and is
frequently attributed to the NSA.)
- Jonathan Lampe, GCIA, GSNA
- jonathan.lampe

@_date: 2003-06-13 21:04:42
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
BAH! *shudders*
All we need for this is an external cryptographic token - a smartcard with
a keypad, an USB device, a Bluetooth-enabled thingy. You plug it into the
machine, the server you connect to sends its certificate name and
challenge to the browser, which passes it unchanged to your token. The
token asks you for a PIN, and calculates a response. The browser then
transparently relays the response back. There is nothing in the unit
that's accessible from the computer, and because of a physically different
keypad nothing can be sniffed from the computer. The cost of the unit can
get as low as few dollars, can easily interface with just about any OS
including PDAs, and doesn't require The Megacorp Whose Name Shouldn't Be
Spoken to take over your machine.

@_date: 2003-06-13 07:27:20
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Steganography and musical scores? 
See also something about computer-generated music:
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I was wondering if anyone here might guide me to any reference material
regarding the possibility or actual occurrence of information having been
steganographically hidden in musical scores.
If this is the wrong NG to post this to, please correct me.
Sorry, I don't have any formal references for you about hiding information
in music. Nevertheless, I know it's happened, because I have done it
myself, in the mid-1980s. Not only that, but it survived a cryptanalytic
attack from somebody who was 99% sure that the music contained a message
but was unable to work out how that message was encoded.
Some time in the 1990s, I read in good old Readers' Digest of a war-time
incident in which musical notation was used for encryption; this nearly got
a man killed when he was asked by the Germans to play the music. He was
able to shrug off the cacophony as "this modern music", and got away with
it. How true this account is, I don't know.
I don't know why they didn't do what I did, which is to insert musical
padding into the score to maintain some semblance of melody.
It's an expensive method of steganography, though, since you really do have
to compose your own tunes. The problem with saving time by using existing
scores is that their composition (if you will forgive the term) is public
knowledge, and so a comparison with the original will reveal the
significant differences. The only way around this is to prevent such a
comparison, and the only certain way to do that is to compose your own
You might be able to automate the padding, if your computer is soulful
enough.  :-)

@_date: 2003-06-19 01:15:54
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
Works very nicely. :)
Problem: leaves evidence, and takes time. The main advantage of electric
shock is that the fried chip looks for the naked eye exactly the same way
as a non-fried chip. The only difference could be found with a scanning
electron microscope on the chip itself, which is something nobody is
likely to bother with. Especially in harsh environments (cars classify)
chips tend to die, so its death could look as natural enough to not be
If I am wrong, please tell me where and why. :)

@_date: 2003-06-18 21:11:30
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
The idea wasn't about overwriting the data. The idea was about frying the
chip with the data inside (and if all the other chips inside the box
become a collateral damage, let's that be so). As long as it is outside
the technological abilities of the given adversary to retrieve the data
from the fried chip, the objective is reached.
The idea also wasn't about the outside of the box, I thought rather
disconnecting the power leads and blasting the spark into the power-GND
pair, or into the (disconnected, we don't want to kill the entire car
electronics) data bus. With a bit of luck, the spark could get through the
filters and into the Vcc pins of the chips.

@_date: 2003-06-17 22:48:10
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
Transmitter is easy to find. Receiver is easy to jam with a micropower
jammer. Sometimes all you need could just be creatively tweaking the
ignition and antenna wiring to get "faulty shielding" in the right places;
it requires much more experience to make it look "accidental", though.
Matter of time. The next generation of sleuths will be much more tech
savvy than the current one.
...eg, in a nameless radio shadow.
Another possible definition is the right to tell the truth and get away
with it.
But both definitions are rather about free speech than about privacy, but
then we'd get to a fight over definitions which is in this context better
to leave on the shoulders of people making encyclopedias.

@_date: 2003-07-17 22:07:40
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: De-shredding the shreds 
Summary: Technology allows taking the "noodles" of shredded document,
scanning them, and reconstructing the pages with various degrees of manual
and automated effort. New approaches are necessary for high-security
Source: New York Times
Author: Douglas Heingartner
Title: Picking up the pieces
URL: Highlight: Mr. Brassil's project at Hewlett Packard, aimed at tracing the
source of shredded document by the micromarks on the shreds, both of
vanilla shredders and by custom-modifying the shredders to leave a defined
signature on the strips.
 (abstract)
Full text:
Picking Up the Pieces
By DOUGLAS HEINGARTNER
BERLIN -- THROUGHOUT the 1980's, Sascha Anderson, a poet, musician and
literary impresario, was one of the leading voices to speak out against
the East German government and its dreaded secret police, the Stasi.
But his credibility gradually evaporated after the Communist government's
collapse as rumors about him acquired the weight of proof: he had been
informing on his dissident compatriots all along.
He had been told that his Stasi file had been destroyed. In fact, it was
manually reconstructed from some of the millions of shreds of paper that
panicked Stasi officials threw into garbage bags during the regime's final
days in the fall of 1989.
Now, if all goes as planned by the German government, the remaining
contents of those 16,000 bags will also be reconstructed.
Advanced scanning technology makes it possible to reconstruct documents
previously thought safe from prying eyes, sometimes even pages that have
been ripped into confetti-size pieces. And although a great deal of
sensitive information is stored digitally these days, recent corporate
scandals have shown that the paper shredder is still very much in use.
"People perceive it as an almost perfect device," said Jack Brassil, a
researcher for Hewlett-Packard who has worked on making shredded documents
traceable. If people put a document through a shredder, "they assume that
it's fundamentally unrecoverable," he said. "And that's clearly not true."
In its crudest form, the art of reconstructing shredded documents has been
around for as long as shredders have. After the takeover of the United
States Embassy in Tehran in 1979, Iranian captors laid pieces of documents
on the floor, numbered each one and enlisted local carpet weavers to
reconstruct them by hand, said Malcolm Byrne of the National Security
Archive at George Washington University. "For a culture that's been tying
400 knots per inch for centuries, it wasn't that much of a challenge," he
said. The reassembled documents were sold on the streets of Tehran for
That episode helped convince the United States government to update its
procedures for destroying documents. The expanded battery of techniques
now includes pulping, pulverizing and chemically decomposing sensitive
data. Yet these more complex methods are not always at hand in an
emergency, which is why the vagaries of de-shredding will be of interest
to intelligence officials for some time to come.
"It's been an area of interest for a very long time," said William Daly, a
former F.B.I. investigator who is a vice president at Control Risks Group,
a security consulting firm. "The government is always trying to keep ahead
of the curve."
Like computer encryption and hacking, "it's kind of a cat-and-mouse game,
keeping one step ahead," he said. "That's why the government is always
looking at techniques to help them ensure their documents are destroyed
Modern image-processing technology has made the rebuilding job a lot
easier. A Houston-based company, ChurchStreet Technology, already offers a
reconstruction service for documents that have been conventionally
strip-shredded into thin segments. The company's founder, Cody Ford, says
that reports of document shredding in recent corporate scandals alerted
him to a gap in the market. "Within three months of the Enron collapse at
end of 2001, we had a service out to electronically reconstruct strip
shreds," he said.
The Stasi archives are a useful reference point for researchers tackling
the challenge, though perhaps more for the scale than the sophistication
of the shredding. Most of the Stasi papers were torn by hand because the
flimsy East German shredding machines collapsed under the workload. The
hastily stored bags of ripped paper were quickly discovered and
In 1995 the German government commissioned a team in the Bavarian town of
Zirndorf to reassemble the torn Stasi files one by one. Yet by 2001, the
three dozen archivists had gone through only about 300 bags, so officials
began a search for another way to piece together the remaining 33 million
pages a bit faster.
Four companies remain candidates for the job, including Fraunhofer IPK of
Berlin, part of the Fraunhofer Gesellschaft research institute, which
helped develop the MP3 music format. The institute is drafting plans to
sort, scan and archive the millions of pages within five years, drawing on
expertise in office automation, image processing, biometrics and
handwriting analysis as well as sophisticated software.
"It's more than just the algorithms about the puzzles," said Bertram
Nickolay, the head of the security and testing technologies department.
Indeed, the archive is a massive grab bag of randomly torn documents, many
with handwritten and typewritten text on the same page. Combining all
these technologies in a project of this scope "is on the borders of what's
possible," Mr. Nickolay said.
His system's accuracy rate is about 80 percent. "It will take time for the
algorithms to be optimized," Mr. Nickolay said, noting that handwriting
analysis began with accuracy levels of around 50 percent, and are now at
90 percent and above.
Some of the companies competing for the job concentrated on the shape,
color and perforations of the shreds, while other contenders opted for
semantically driven systems, which looked for keywords and likely text
The Fraunhofer plan is to combine its smart scanning software with the
know-how of the Zirndorf archivists, who have amassed years of experience
working with these tiny pieces of history. After all the shreds have been
scanned (at 200 dots per inch), the interactive software will suggest
possible matches, which an operator can accept or reject.
While Fraunhofer IPK eventually plans to use a similar technique, several
companies say they can do so already.
ChurchStreet's software analyzes the graphical patterns that go to the
edge of each piece. First, workers paste the random shreds onto standard
sheets of paper, which takes three to seven minutes per page. The pages
are scanned, and software analyzes the shreds for possible matches.
Mr. Ford, the company founder, said the ChurchStreet service can recover
up to 70 percent of a document's content, although he stressed that the
goal was to get blocks of information rather than to re-create the
original formatting. The blocks are presented to the client, who
determines where they might belong in the overall scheme. "We don't make
any guesswork about reconstruction," Mr. Ford said. "We make no
ChurchStreet, whose clients are mainly law agencies and private law firms,
charges roughly $2,000 to reconstruct a cubic foot of strip-shreds. A
cubic foot of shreds is generally less than 100 pages. Mr. Ford said
ChurchStreet would soon offer a service to reconstruct cross-shredded
documents - that is, those cut in two directions - for $8,000 to $10,000
per cubic foot. A common standard in cross-shredding is particles one
thirty-second by seven-sixteenths of an inch, which results in thousands
of grain-like shreds per page.
Cross-shredding makes the job a lot trickier, but not for lack of
processing power. "The problem is not whether it's possible with the
software, which is possible," said Werner Vvgeli, the managing director of
the German office of SER Solutions, a company in Dulles, Va., that also
competed for the contract to reconstruct the Stasi documents. "The problem
is how to scan these documents."
Fred Cohen, a security consultant who reconstructed many pages while
working at Sandia National Laboratories, also sees limits. "When you get
down to very small shreds, then the numbers start to eat you," he said.
"You start to get to where there isn't enough text per shred to be of any
use. You've got a completely black shred; whether it's the middle of the
cross of a t or the dot of an i, you can't tell."
Adding to the challenge, the smaller the pieces are, the farther apart
they can fall, and thus the less likely they are to cluster in a
conveniently retrievable form. Security experts also say that using large
type (for less text per shred), and feeding the paper into a shredder
perpendicular to the direction of the text (so no complete phrases stay
together) makes shredding less vulnerable.
Professional document reconstructions are generally recognized by the
courts in much the way that fingerprint or handwriting evidence is. An
expert may not be able to vouch for the accuracy of the information on a
given page, said Mr. Daly, the former F.B.I. investigator, but he can
testify that a reconstructed document "was at one time one piece of paper
that was cut into little pieces of paper, and now it's back into one piece
of paper."
Mr. Daly added that investigators often use reassembled pages as part of a
larger forensic puzzle. "Once we have a hard-copy document, we can then go
back and look at databases and put in search criteria, and to be able to
actually come up with the original electronic version," he said. "One
becomes a pathway to the other."
The demand for such investigative services is clear. "I probably get a
call every month," said Robert Johnson of the National Association for
Information Destruction, an American trade group, from clients looking for
"a way to reverse the process."
Other projects, like Mr. Brassil's at Hewlett-Packard, focus on designing
a shredder that leaves telltale traces on the documents it destroys,
allowing them to be pinpointed later.
In Germany, meanwhile, a decision about whether to proceed with the
reconstruction of Stasi documents is not expected before September. Mr.
Vvgeli of SER Solutions, whose firm withdrew from bidding for the project,
said he doubted that financing would materialize. "These documents contain
lots of information that might be dangerous to a few politicians who are
still active, still in power," he said. "So there's no political majority
for any such investment."
Sascha Anderson, the dissident discredited by the files, is among those
who hope the project goes forward. "Of course I would have preferred that
they weren't found," he said by phone from Frankfurt. "But I realize that
it's a unique chance for a society to have access to this information."
And since he was exposed, he said, he has been able to sleep better: "I've
ultimately been freed of my burden by history."

@_date: 2003-07-15 18:58:05
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: MRAM, persistence of memory 
They shall be on encrypted partition, if possible by a session key (as
they are temporary files which we won't need after next powerup), which
gets lost after powerdown.
Why not initialize them after each powerup with fresh data from a hardware
...whose status gets lost with powerdown,
An issue (though I don't know how serious) with CRTs, where there could be
detectable residual charge, but with a bit of luck that could get
undetectable in just couple seconds in normal room temperatures.
IMPORTANT issue. But as NVRAM is a kind of permanent storage, nothing
unencrypted shall touch it anyway.
If we consider them plaintext, it doesn't matter here if they contain
crypto or not.
Why? The adversary can power up the machine once he gets physical access,
anyway. By then, though, he shouldn't get anything more than a machine
with data with either missing session key (and hence unrecoverable) or
encrypted data missing the key that has to be supplied by the user to
complete the power-up.
...which is no harm, as the data should be encrypted and without the key,
lost to the powerdown, they won't reveal anything than that there was
some connection in progress. Which is something the adversary most likely
knows anyway; before physical intrusions, passive surveillance usually
takes place. Keyword: Carnivore.
...hung up by power loss to the modems...
Everything must lose critical inner state with the powerdown. Everything
that carries plaintext data has to be power-dependent.
That's why we need the software designed to cope with the possibility of
unpredictable power-down. There should be no dependability on proper
function of software at the moment of the power-down itself, as we need to
keep the system as reliable (and as simple) as possible. Remember that
years in jail, and possibly even lives, are in stake.
The software could be able to communicate with the hardware though,
issuing "locks" to prevent power-down in the middle of a critical
operation (eg, writing to disk) and delay it a little. The locks should be
issued for maximum time of some few 100s milliseconds, expiring in
hardware if not cancelled from the software. There should be a period of
allowed shutdown every period (100s msec?) even in the worst possible
combination of issued locks. This should prevent damage to data during an
emergency shutdown event while not compromising the security due to
software bug (eg, forgotten unlock).
The delay time has to be determined to the worst possible combination of
events, to not allow the best-trained best-equipped adversary to prevent
the machine from shutting down in that time.
That's the simple part. Just take the output of the computer (or an
external device, eg. a cellphone, a radio receiver, anything suitable) and
use it as one of the event inputs of the power-down system. You raise the
event (tell the computer over SSH, send a SMS, broadcast a tone...), the
computer shuts down.

@_date: 2003-07-06 02:13:32
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Pondering. Vast majority of the CD/DVD "protection" methods is based on
various deviations from the standards, or more accurately, how such
deviations are (or aren't) handled by the drive firmware.
However, we can sidestep the firmware.
The drive contains the moving part with the head assembly. There is an
important output signal there: the raw analog signal bounced from the
disk and amplified.
We can tap it and connect it to a highspeed digital oscilloscope card. And
sample obscene amount of data from it. In comparison with fast-enough
ADCs, disk space is cheap. The problem can be in bandwidth, but for the
drive speed set up to possible minimum (or for "normal" players) the
contemporary machines should be sufficient. Real-time operating system
(maybe RTOS-Linux) may be necessary.
We get the record of the signal captured from the drive's head - raw, with
everything - dirt, drop-outs, sector headers, ECC bits. The low-level
format is fairly well documented; now we have to postprocess the signal.
Conversion from analog to digital data and then from the CD representation
to 8-bit-per-byte should be fairly straightforward (at least for someone
skilled with digital signal processing). Now we can identify the
individual sectors on the disc and extract them to a disc image file that
we can handle later by normal means.
We can push the idea a step further, making a stripped-down CD/DVD drive
that would be able basically just to follow the spiral track with its head
in constant linear velocity (easier to analyze than CAV) mode, with the
ability to control the speed in accordance with how fast (and expensive)
ADC, bus, and disks we have, and the possibility to interrupt/resume
scanning anytimes in accordance with how much disk space we have (or to
scan just a small area of the disc).
As a welcomed side effect, not only we'd get a device for circumvention of
just about any contemporary (and possibly a good deal of the future ones)
optical media "protections", but we would also get a powerful tool for
retrieving data from even very grossly damaged discs, for audit of
behavior of CD/DVD writers and CD vendors (eg, if they don't attempt to
sneak in something like a hidden serial number of the writer), and for
access to all areas of the discs - including the eventual ones unreachable
through the drive's own firmware.
If we'd fill this idea with water, would it leak? Where? Why?

@_date: 2003-07-06 02:13:32
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Pondering. Vast majority of the CD/DVD "protection" methods is based on
various deviations from the standards, or more accurately, how such
deviations are (or aren't) handled by the drive firmware.
However, we can sidestep the firmware.
The drive contains the moving part with the head assembly. There is an
important output signal there: the raw analog signal bounced from the
disk and amplified.
We can tap it and connect it to a highspeed digital oscilloscope card. And
sample obscene amount of data from it. In comparison with fast-enough
ADCs, disk space is cheap. The problem can be in bandwidth, but for the
drive speed set up to possible minimum (or for "normal" players) the
contemporary machines should be sufficient. Real-time operating system
(maybe RTOS-Linux) may be necessary.
We get the record of the signal captured from the drive's head - raw, with
everything - dirt, drop-outs, sector headers, ECC bits. The low-level
format is fairly well documented; now we have to postprocess the signal.
Conversion from analog to digital data and then from the CD representation
to 8-bit-per-byte should be fairly straightforward (at least for someone
skilled with digital signal processing). Now we can identify the
individual sectors on the disc and extract them to a disc image file that
we can handle later by normal means.
We can push the idea a step further, making a stripped-down CD/DVD drive
that would be able basically just to follow the spiral track with its head
in constant linear velocity (easier to analyze than CAV) mode, with the
ability to control the speed in accordance with how fast (and expensive)
ADC, bus, and disks we have, and the possibility to interrupt/resume
scanning anytimes in accordance with how much disk space we have (or to
scan just a small area of the disc).
As a welcomed side effect, not only we'd get a device for circumvention of
just about any contemporary (and possibly a good deal of the future ones)
optical media "protections", but we would also get a powerful tool for
retrieving data from even very grossly damaged discs, for audit of
behavior of CD/DVD writers and CD vendors (eg, if they don't attempt to
sneak in something like a hidden serial number of the writer), and for
access to all areas of the discs - including the eventual ones unreachable
through the drive's own firmware.
If we'd fill this idea with water, would it leak? Where? Why?

@_date: 2003-07-06 02:13:32
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Pondering. Vast majority of the CD/DVD "protection" methods is based on
various deviations from the standards, or more accurately, how such
deviations are (or aren't) handled by the drive firmware.
However, we can sidestep the firmware.
The drive contains the moving part with the head assembly. There is an
important output signal there: the raw analog signal bounced from the
disk and amplified.
We can tap it and connect it to a highspeed digital oscilloscope card. And
sample obscene amount of data from it. In comparison with fast-enough
ADCs, disk space is cheap. The problem can be in bandwidth, but for the
drive speed set up to possible minimum (or for "normal" players) the
contemporary machines should be sufficient. Real-time operating system
(maybe RTOS-Linux) may be necessary.
We get the record of the signal captured from the drive's head - raw, with
everything - dirt, drop-outs, sector headers, ECC bits. The low-level
format is fairly well documented; now we have to postprocess the signal.
Conversion from analog to digital data and then from the CD representation
to 8-bit-per-byte should be fairly straightforward (at least for someone
skilled with digital signal processing). Now we can identify the
individual sectors on the disc and extract them to a disc image file that
we can handle later by normal means.
We can push the idea a step further, making a stripped-down CD/DVD drive
that would be able basically just to follow the spiral track with its head
in constant linear velocity (easier to analyze than CAV) mode, with the
ability to control the speed in accordance with how fast (and expensive)
ADC, bus, and disks we have, and the possibility to interrupt/resume
scanning anytimes in accordance with how much disk space we have (or to
scan just a small area of the disc).
As a welcomed side effect, not only we'd get a device for circumvention of
just about any contemporary (and possibly a good deal of the future ones)
optical media "protections", but we would also get a powerful tool for
retrieving data from even very grossly damaged discs, for audit of
behavior of CD/DVD writers and CD vendors (eg, if they don't attempt to
sneak in something like a hidden serial number of the writer), and for
access to all areas of the discs - including the eventual ones unreachable
through the drive's own firmware.
If we'd fill this idea with water, would it leak? Where? Why?

@_date: 2003-07-10 14:45:58
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: MRAM, persistance of memory 
The system doesn't seem to be able to recover data from powered-off DRAM.
The specs say it can recover files that were erased. The DRAM-based DTAMs
use the DRAM as a RAM disk. For some reason unknown to us (may be
conspiracy with TLA, but Occam's razor says it's mere negligence/laziness)
the designers don't overwrite the memory region that pertains to an erased
file, only deallocate it, leaving the data there. I suppose the DRAM
refresh circuits are backed up with a small battery to cover brief
It is impossible to get access to the voltage on the DRAM cell capacitors
(at least if the chip is in its case and we can access only its pins). We
can only see if it is in the range for H or L. And after a power-down (or
even a sufficiently long period without a refresh of the given cell) the
cell capacitor loses voltage steadily, reaching the level of L (or maybe
H?) within at most couple seconds.
Seems the device is nothing more than a logic analyzer connected to the
DRAM pins.
This is a nice illustration of the problem with comercial vendors and
closed-architecture devices they peddle. If we'd have access to the
firmware of the DTAMs, writing extensions for storing data in (at least
somehow) encrypted format and their overwriting after deletion won't be a
big problem. Hope the price of embeddable computer "cores" will continue
to fall. (Apropos, whats the current cost of the cheapest cores able to
run stripped-down Linux? Maybe something based on ARM or MIPS

@_date: 2003-07-15 16:24:02
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: MRAM, persistence of memory 
Take a relay and connect it to a door switch. When they open the door
without authorization[1], the power to the machines is switched off. Then
the ninjas' with their typical noisy entry will switch off the system
themselves, without you having to touch the Red Button.
[1] can be an ID button, can be a wireless ID token (advantage: the reader
and the whole identification action can be invisible), can be a keypad,
can be an arbitrary complex biometric ID, or any combination of the above,
for a low-tech approach can be a reed relay under the wallpaper and a
magnet touched to the given spot on the wall
The system can be easily coupled with a common-grade burglar alarm,
further increasing the range of conditions the shutdown can be triggered
with. (Optionally with several levels, depending on the tradeoff between
the recoverability from a false alarm and the consequences of missing the
alarm: power-down, erase of a long key (unlocked by a passphrase) from
NVRAM, physical destruction of the disk array once forceful penetration of
outer zones (triggering sequentially the previous lower events in reaction)
is followed by physical breach of the server room door or walls (or the
so often woefully neglected ceiling and floor).)
True. But once the adversary becomes totally information-aware, it will be
rather difficult to not attract attention.
Another reason for employing a security system.
May be the crucial part of implementing the security system. Eg, as an
embedded system handling signals from webcams, distributed over the
building as several nodes (instead of a central one), mimicking the nerve
system of insect.

@_date: 2003-07-16 18:15:13
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
Behold your dogs of war for a moment more, please. :)
So far, this is orders of magnitude more expensive than a keylogger. I am
not aware there is too high amount of the receiver units in use (nor I
suppose they are easy to operate by a non-specialist), so the number of
targets being threatened this way is much more limited than if some
software or comparably cheap hardware is used. For now, at least.
Then there is the shielding...
Specified it as a threat. But this is what physical security is for.
Again, this brings the threat of being discovered. Also, a TSCM sweep can
reduce the risk.
Use challenge-response. Immune against replay attack. With proper
algorithm, reasonably immune against cryptographic attack on intercepted
transactions. If it works over the Wild Wild Net, it should work over an
IR/RF connection as well.
True. Again, physical security / tamperproofness issue.

@_date: 2003-07-16 15:27:51
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
Been done.
Something like that is included in Tinfoilhat Linux distribution, see
Another thing for keyboard-based data input is Sneaky Pete, a Java app
(from  - original project
homepage is dead).
And I suppose there are more.
However, this will work around the keyboard loggers, but will cause
development of eg. programs saving the screenshots at the moment of a
mouseclick. (Which is definitely more detectable - by storing bulk amounts
of data - than just a plain keylogger, disadvantaging the adversary
somehow.) Also won't protect against ceiling cams, if they'd have enough
resolution to see the screen clearly enough.
Couldn't there be some challenge-response device, eg. over IrDA or radio
waves or direct contact (eg, iButton DS1955B or DS1957B), which would be
unlocked by something like a PIN code? How to avoid the leakage of the PIN
and subsequent seizure of the device then?
At least for a while, yes.

@_date: 2003-07-21 00:17:30
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Defeating Optical Tempest will be easy... 
There is some minuscule proportion of X-rays produced by CRT displays.
Could be there any (however theoretical) possibility of X-ray tempest?
I don't suppose there would be much of practical use of that, though.

@_date: 2003-07-24 16:21:04
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Jerk with a t-shirt 
In the age of cellphones and email, fast ad-hoc organizations of many
people aren't as difficult as they used to be. I believe a good book about
this could be Howard Rheingold: Smart Mobs.
Especially in the case of already pre-stirred subpopulation, in this case
the anti-war part, fast crowding could be initiated by a relatively small

@_date: 2003-08-22 23:47:45
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: A little more about CDROMs 
Summary: Coating a CD by a reagent, then exposing it to a sample that
changes its color, then counting read errors on the CD.
Maybe could be a nice application for the lowest-level laser signal access
I proposed earlier. (It apparently really could have some unexpected
applications beyond CD copying, Tim.)

@_date: 2003-08-17 21:06:10
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Slective DoS on enemy communication by a P2P WLAN 
US forces to target enemy mobiles with P2P WLANs
By Tony Smith
Posted: 15/08/2003 at 11:22 GMT
The US military is developing a weapon based on peer-to-peer technology to
take out mobile phone communications, the US Department of Defence has
The system also has the capability to covertly monitor cellular traffic.
Codenamed 'WolfPack', the device is intended to prevent an enemy from
using its communications technologies, including cellular, without
hindering US forces' own communications systems.
WolfPack is a 6 x 4in cylinder weighing 6lbs, capable of being dropped by
parachute or fired into the target area as a missile payload. Each device
zaps mobile phone communications within a radius of half a kilometre.
"The idea is to litter the battlefield with these small objects," WolfPack
programme manager Preston Marshall in a statement.
The battery-powered device contains an inflatable antenna. Fins mounted
inside the cylinder extend from the device on touchdown to lift it into a
vertical position. Once in place and with the aerial up, each WolfPack
until begins communicating with any others it can detect.
Together, they quickly establish a network. Other networks in range can
tie in too, creating, if you will, an 'Internet' of WolfPack nodes, which
ultimately allows data from any single device to be routed across the
network of networks to the command centre.
Each cylinder can generate radio signal to disrupt cellular traffic, said
Marshall. "Each WolfPack is very small, but collectively they gang up on
the signal," he added.
Equally, the units can used to monitor enemy communications signals. Think
of it as a Napster for military intelligence - each device can share the
signals it picks up with all the others.
Units can stay powered for up to two months in the field, and can be later
collected and re-used. Each node costs around $10,000. Together, they are
cheaper, less obtrusive and a much less obvious target for enemy
intervention than the aircraft-based systems used to jam or monitor
communications at the moment.
WolfPack prototypes will be put to the test with in the next 18 months,
the DoD said. .

@_date: 2003-08-05 21:03:49
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
Sometimes you don't have an effective choice. According to a friend, there
are still areas (especially rural) in the US where AOL is the virtually
only game in town.
There is an emerging potential problem linked to continuing privatization
of virtually everything, and - the most important - to consolidation of
owners. You can easily end up with the situation when everything around is
owned by one of a handful of Big Corps, all with virtually the same
restrictions, if the Market allows them that (eg, there will be enough
consumers that won't care, and the rest will be the commercially
uninteresting fringe). Then - tough luck.
Now this is an interesting question. Can AOL really sue the one who tells
their customers the truth about the drawbacks of AOL's service? Isn't the
existence of those drawbacks - including their refusal to correct them -
ultimately THEIR OWN fault?

@_date: 2003-08-02 03:33:27
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
It's fairly possible, if the adversary know what he's doing and takes the
time and effort, to disguise the mail's origin pretty well. (Think eg.
open HTTPS proxies or a hacked box.) Now, you irked someone. That someone
forges a spam mail advertising your business.
Prove your innocence!
Do we need laws for that? Software is easier to upgrade/change than laws,
less likely to misfire, and easier to deal with when it misfires.
Laws won't help in recognizing legitimate and non-legitimate mail.
Artificial intelligence will be more effective than the Congress. (On the
other hand, *anything* is usually more effective than the Congress.)
The law in question will be TOO easy to use as a weapon.

@_date: 2003-08-10 06:41:30
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
There is a plethora of various devices suitable for an alarm system, both
off-the-shelf and homemadeable.
You can cheaply roll out a camera system with a cheap PC with Linux and a
TV-input card with a 4051 analog-multiplexer-based
parallel-port-controlled switch for selecting cameras for slow-motion
video. Frame rate sucks as there is no means of syncing the cams, so you
have to give the card couple frames to lock after every cam change, but
you should be able to get about four switches per second (which gives you
one frame every 2 seconds for all 8-cams cycle). You can also switch them
irregularly, so you get better framerate on the cams whose signal
indicates something's happening. The photos may be recorded to a suitably
big hard drive in a circular buffer, with suspicious frames optimally
flagged for more permanent storage. This, together with a Net connection
(and a backup phone line and eventually a cellphone) gives you a
relatively very cheap system. Don't forget the UPS. Don't have this system
as the only one; the adversary can switch off the power to the house and
starve the computer.
A new standard for GSM phones is appearing here: MMS - multimedia SMS
messages. With suitably equipped phone you can send/receive short sound
and video clips, and - which is important for us now - pictures. The
alarm system then can send you a picture of the neighbor's cat getting
into the house and tripping the sensors instead of just a panic-inducing
generic message about activated PIRs and IR gates.
I'd advise against relying on 802.11 cameras; they are too easy to both
detect and jam. They can add some finishing touch though, and an attempt
to jam the cams can be a possible alarm (or at least suspicion) source on
its own.
A powerful and reliable device may be a door/window-opening logger. A
small chip with a little switch (or a reed-relay magnetic switch, which
allows it to get completely sealed in the doorframe, or an IR beam gate,
or just about anything). A microcontroller running with slow clock in
low-power mode, a serial EEPROM for storing the circular-buffer log of the
times when the contact was opened/closed, a RTC chip with I2C bus, a small
battery for making the device independent on the power. (It can even log
the times of power blackouts; a sequence of blackout - door open - door
close - power-up when nobody is home is VERY suspicious.) If you use a
wireless interface there (eg, use AT24RF08 for the EEPROM), you may read
the door open/close times without any direct contact with the device,
which makes its concealmentability much easier. It can then reside in the
doorframe, a little magnet in the door triggering its reed contact,
read/write being done with a handheld reader held over a certain point of
the doorframe. Scatter couple such devices in the object, and you have
good idea about what was happening there. There is no authorization there;
they will just log visits, including you - but you KNOW when you were
there and can ignore these entries on your own. This is suitable as an
audit device, just to make sure. Be aware that in the highest-threat
situations the adversary may enter by unconventional means; there were
cases of entry through the roof, the floor, even the wall.
The cellphone-based uplink can be strengthened by a trick. There are
cellular jammers that can be employed together with the plain ol' cutting
of the lines. However, if you have good visibility to some cell base
stations, you may employ a directional antenna pointing at it, which makes
the setup much more resistant against localized jamming from directions
other than the antenna's one. For high-budget people there are also
satellite phones.
The system can also report to you once every interval, telling you about
status changes and if there was anything that could look suspicious but
wasn't worth of an asynchronous alarm.
Consider using an anonymous phone with a prepaid card, for both sending
and receiving the alarms and status messages. The adversary could
othervise visit the phone company and ask for cancelling your service for
the given time, so you'd miss your alarm.
If the neighbourhood situation is suitable, you can combine the efforts of
several people in the area, and form a sort of Neighbourhood Watch - a
decentralized P2P web of alarm systems talking with each other by any
suitable means - from an over-the-street IrDA to 802.11b to Ronja-grade
optical links for longer distances. (The network can also double as a
community network for TCP/IP communication and Net connection.) This can
make an eventual attack very unlikely to pass unnoticed.
An interesting low-tech backup system could be a cheap one-time film
camera triggered by eg. a fishing line tied to the door or lead over the
floor. Even if everything electrical goes down, there is still a chance to
get a picture of the intruder.
Use different technologies in overlapping layers. Employ your fantasy. Be
aware about what dependencies you have in the system (eg, camera system
can run for no more than two hours of mains blackout, certain sensors
depend on the computer, some alert modes depend on the telephone or
cellphone), be prepared for different failure modes - both natural mishaps
and intentional sabotage, compensate for them, design the system to fail
gracefully and to keep at least some functions (at least the autonomous
audit switch loggers) even in the reasonably worst case. This makes the
adversary's job less pleasant.

@_date: 2003-08-11 15:04:56
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: Homemade Passive Radar System (GNU/Radar) 
The current developments in international politics, mainly the advent of
rogue states attacking sovereign countries from air, causes a necessity of
proliferation of cheap air defense solutions. Key part of air defense is
the awareness, usually maintained by a network of ground radar stations.
In the end of 50's, Czech Republic developed a passive radar system called
PRP-1/Kopac (Korelacni Patrac, Correlation Seeker), which was later
replaced by more advanced system Ramona and even more advanced Tamara.
Then the Revolution came, bringing the inevitable international pressures
that led to the bankrupcy of the Tamara developer company, following false
indictments of its top managements which lead to revocation of the
company's arms sale licence. Shortly after this, articles in the world
press appeared about "groundbreaking" passive radar system being developed
by - guess who? Lockheed. (After "15 years of research", good part of
which consisted from reverse-engineering of seized shipment of I am not
sure if Ramonas or Tamaras.)
See also The system allows locating and identification of aerial, ground, and (when
installed on the shore) sea-based EM sources.
The passive radar system consists from four main parts. Three are wideband
receivers, listening for any characteristical transmitting activity. They
talk to the fourth one, where a correlator is located - an electronic
system calculating the position of the signal sources from the differences
of times when the listening posts received their signals.
The civilian sector electronics is developing fast; component prices fall
down, computing power goes up, anybody can buy a machine that just few
decades ago would make everyone in Pentagon salivating. Naturally, this
opens interesting possibilities.
The threat rogue states with overwhelming air force pose to other
countries makes it a necessity to develop a cheap, open passive radar
system, effectively bringing a key part of air defense down to easy
affordability on a municipiality level. Let's call it GNU/Radar.
We need the four stations: three listening ones, and the correlating one.
The correlating station (CS) may be built as a MOSIX or Beowulf cluster.
Its job is to handle signals from LPs, identifying the targets, and
tracking their position.
The listening posts (LPs) need a receiver - a suitably wideband one, a
digitizer (a fast ADC card), optionally a DSP board to take some
calculations off the shoulders of the CPU, a source of precise timebase
for synchronizations (may be a GPS, which also provides information about
the location of the listening post which is what the CS needs to know, or
may be a receiver of a time synchronization signal broadcasted from
somewhere if we want a backup for case of GPS being shut down. The
receiver may be possibly adapted from the GNU/Radio project. The timing
pulses can be also delivered optically, eg. by a modification in the Ronja
unit mentioned later.
The LPs crunch the received signals, isolate the interesting-looking ones,
mark the precise moments of their reception, and send their arrival times
and key characteristics to CS. The transmission channel may be anything
with sufficient bandwidth - from an Internet leased line to Ronja-based
10Mbps optical links in case of direct visibility between LPs and CS.
As an active twist, we can also use a separate unit, Illuminating
Transceiver (IT), periodically broadcasting a pulse of known
characteristics, easy to recognize by the LPs when it bounces from an
aerial target. This unit has to be cheap and expendable - it's easy to
locate and to destroy by a HARM missile. As a bonus, forcing the adversary
to waste a $250,000+ AGM-88 missile on a sub-$100 transmitter may be quite
demoralizing. There can be a whole hierarchy of ITs; when one of them
transmits, the other ones sleep - when the transmitting one is destroyed,
one of the sleeping units wakes up and continues in illuminating the
airspace. This is within reach of capabilities of a simple
Even other sources can serve as involuntary ITs. The landscape is littered
with cellular base stations and civilian TV and radio transmitters. Just
pick the suitable frequency and listen on.
Remember that Kopac was built about 50 years ago, on vacuum tubes. It
should be far from impossible to replicate it with contemporary COTS
Using lower frequencies than the gigahertz band usual for modern military
radars reduces accuracy, but also dramatically reduces the effectivity of
aircraft stealth features.
There are already prototype results in this field:
Some other sources:
Opinions, comments, ideas?

@_date: 2003-08-17 05:46:51
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power 
The Microsoft salesmen know the coercive sales tactics. The clients'
well-being isn't in their interest; their interest is only a new sale.
Hence in their world Windows are suitable for just about everything. By
exploiting psychological tricks, they are able to convince less
technically capable personnel (eg, the management) about their system's
alleged superiority. Not that different from eg. car dealers.
A friend some time ago complained about having to ditch a Linux webserver
because his company managers did some special deal with Microsoft which
gave them substantially lower prices if they would run ALL systems
exclusively on Windows. But I forgot the details.
Some time ago there was a widely publicized incident with Windows NT
controlling a battleship. After a crash the ship had to be towed to the
port. From then it's known that NT is an acronym for Needs Towing.
And somehow entirely unsurprising.
The cable will vaporize at the moment the lightning from the power line
hits it, or it will be too heavy to be brought up by anything reasonable.
(You don't need even a full contact, getting it to the sparking distance
is enough.) That will trigger the breakers and switch the line off for few
seconds. But then the power will be switched on again. Then you need to
short it the second time. The wire you used will vaporize as well, but the
breakers won't switch back on for the second time, claim an error, and an
inspection of the power line is required to find the shortcut cause before
it can be switched back on, as the electronics then considers the short
circuit to be permanent. (I hope I am right here.) Also be aware about the
danger of the step voltage at the moment the lightning from the power line
hits the ground - you don't want to be anywhere too close, so you will
avoid the potato gun and resort to something safer, eg. a suitable rocket
In Colombia, the rebels routinely "dark" the cities by blowing up the high
voltage masts. If the mast is in a difficult-to-access place, it can take
days to build a replacement.
There are thousands of miles of power lines, good part of them in less
inhabited areas. It is extremely difficult to prevent this kind of attack.
To add insult to injury, the adversary can get ahold of the map of the
power transmission networks rather easily - they are in all kinds of
sources, from tourist maps to maps for pilots, and one can get fairly good
idea about the power feeds to a city by just driving around it with open
eyes. Underground lines exist, but are more expensive, so they are quite
However, I'd bet that this affair was a plain old Murphy-based cascade
On another note, a nice reading about the world of energetics is Arthur
Hailey's "Overload".

@_date: 2003-08-17 05:46:51
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power 
The Microsoft salesmen know the coercive sales tactics. The clients'
well-being isn't in their interest; their interest is only a new sale.
Hence in their world Windows are suitable for just about everything. By
exploiting psychological tricks, they are able to convince less
technically capable personnel (eg, the management) about their system's
alleged superiority. Not that different from eg. car dealers.
A friend some time ago complained about having to ditch a Linux webserver
because his company managers did some special deal with Microsoft which
gave them substantially lower prices if they would run ALL systems
exclusively on Windows. But I forgot the details.
Some time ago there was a widely publicized incident with Windows NT
controlling a battleship. After a crash the ship had to be towed to the
port. From then it's known that NT is an acronym for Needs Towing.
And somehow entirely unsurprising.
The cable will vaporize at the moment the lightning from the power line
hits it, or it will be too heavy to be brought up by anything reasonable.
(You don't need even a full contact, getting it to the sparking distance
is enough.) That will trigger the breakers and switch the line off for few
seconds. But then the power will be switched on again. Then you need to
short it the second time. The wire you used will vaporize as well, but the
breakers won't switch back on for the second time, claim an error, and an
inspection of the power line is required to find the shortcut cause before
it can be switched back on, as the electronics then considers the short
circuit to be permanent. (I hope I am right here.) Also be aware about the
danger of the step voltage at the moment the lightning from the power line
hits the ground - you don't want to be anywhere too close, so you will
avoid the potato gun and resort to something safer, eg. a suitable rocket
In Colombia, the rebels routinely "dark" the cities by blowing up the high
voltage masts. If the mast is in a difficult-to-access place, it can take
days to build a replacement.
There are thousands of miles of power lines, good part of them in less
inhabited areas. It is extremely difficult to prevent this kind of attack.
To add insult to injury, the adversary can get ahold of the map of the
power transmission networks rather easily - they are in all kinds of
sources, from tourist maps to maps for pilots, and one can get fairly good
idea about the power feeds to a city by just driving around it with open
eyes. Underground lines exist, but are more expensive, so they are quite
However, I'd bet that this affair was a plain old Murphy-based cascade
On another note, a nice reading about the world of energetics is Arthur
Hailey's "Overload".

@_date: 2003-08-17 05:46:51
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power 
The Microsoft salesmen know the coercive sales tactics. The clients'
well-being isn't in their interest; their interest is only a new sale.
Hence in their world Windows are suitable for just about everything. By
exploiting psychological tricks, they are able to convince less
technically capable personnel (eg, the management) about their system's
alleged superiority. Not that different from eg. car dealers.
A friend some time ago complained about having to ditch a Linux webserver
because his company managers did some special deal with Microsoft which
gave them substantially lower prices if they would run ALL systems
exclusively on Windows. But I forgot the details.
Some time ago there was a widely publicized incident with Windows NT
controlling a battleship. After a crash the ship had to be towed to the
port. From then it's known that NT is an acronym for Needs Towing.
And somehow entirely unsurprising.
The cable will vaporize at the moment the lightning from the power line
hits it, or it will be too heavy to be brought up by anything reasonable.
(You don't need even a full contact, getting it to the sparking distance
is enough.) That will trigger the breakers and switch the line off for few
seconds. But then the power will be switched on again. Then you need to
short it the second time. The wire you used will vaporize as well, but the
breakers won't switch back on for the second time, claim an error, and an
inspection of the power line is required to find the shortcut cause before
it can be switched back on, as the electronics then considers the short
circuit to be permanent. (I hope I am right here.) Also be aware about the
danger of the step voltage at the moment the lightning from the power line
hits the ground - you don't want to be anywhere too close, so you will
avoid the potato gun and resort to something safer, eg. a suitable rocket
In Colombia, the rebels routinely "dark" the cities by blowing up the high
voltage masts. If the mast is in a difficult-to-access place, it can take
days to build a replacement.
There are thousands of miles of power lines, good part of them in less
inhabited areas. It is extremely difficult to prevent this kind of attack.
To add insult to injury, the adversary can get ahold of the map of the
power transmission networks rather easily - they are in all kinds of
sources, from tourist maps to maps for pilots, and one can get fairly good
idea about the power feeds to a city by just driving around it with open
eyes. Underground lines exist, but are more expensive, so they are quite
However, I'd bet that this affair was a plain old Murphy-based cascade
On another note, a nice reading about the world of energetics is Arthur
Hailey's "Overload".

@_date: 2003-08-17 21:06:10
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Slective DoS on enemy communication by a P2P WLAN 
US forces to target enemy mobiles with P2P WLANs
By Tony Smith
Posted: 15/08/2003 at 11:22 GMT
The US military is developing a weapon based on peer-to-peer technology to
take out mobile phone communications, the US Department of Defence has
The system also has the capability to covertly monitor cellular traffic.
Codenamed 'WolfPack', the device is intended to prevent an enemy from
using its communications technologies, including cellular, without
hindering US forces' own communications systems.
WolfPack is a 6 x 4in cylinder weighing 6lbs, capable of being dropped by
parachute or fired into the target area as a missile payload. Each device
zaps mobile phone communications within a radius of half a kilometre.
"The idea is to litter the battlefield with these small objects," WolfPack
programme manager Preston Marshall in a statement.
The battery-powered device contains an inflatable antenna. Fins mounted
inside the cylinder extend from the device on touchdown to lift it into a
vertical position. Once in place and with the aerial up, each WolfPack
until begins communicating with any others it can detect.
Together, they quickly establish a network. Other networks in range can
tie in too, creating, if you will, an 'Internet' of WolfPack nodes, which
ultimately allows data from any single device to be routed across the
network of networks to the command centre.
Each cylinder can generate radio signal to disrupt cellular traffic, said
Marshall. "Each WolfPack is very small, but collectively they gang up on
the signal," he added.
Equally, the units can used to monitor enemy communications signals. Think
of it as a Napster for military intelligence - each device can share the
signals it picks up with all the others.
Units can stay powered for up to two months in the field, and can be later
collected and re-used. Each node costs around $10,000. Together, they are
cheaper, less obtrusive and a much less obvious target for enemy
intervention than the aircraft-based systems used to jam or monitor
communications at the moment.
WolfPack prototypes will be put to the test with in the next 18 months,
the DoD said. .

@_date: 2003-08-22 19:53:39
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Popular Net anonymity service back-doored (fwd) 
Yet more info. Let's not overreact before we get complete dataset.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Actually, this is absolutely not what they are saying. When you visit the
website of the JAP project  it says in big, red
"Aus aktuellem Anlass weisen wir noch einmal ausdr|cklich daraufhin, dass
sich die JAP Software in Entwicklung befindet und noch nicht maximale
Sicherheit bietet. (siehe unten ... )"
In English this means something like
"Due to recent events we explicitly inform you of the fact that the JAP
software is still being developed and does not yet provide maximum security.
(see below ...)"
As I said: big, red letters at the top of their main page. And when you click
that "see below" link it says there "Attention! [...] This version does NOT
yet implement the security features described above and desired by us. But it
does alread protect you against atackers that control the net only locally at
one place such as [...] the owner of a mix."
So by the time you download that software you should have already read _two_
statements telling you that JAP is not as secure as it could be. It also
tells you that in the current configuration, the JAP people can see all your
traffic if they want to: Note that it says it will protect you against "the
owner of _A_ mix". But if you take the Dresden-Dresden cascade, the JAP
people obviously control _all_ of them. And the above statement already
implies that in this case, JAP cannot protect you.
If you still want to use JAP,
 (in German) tells you
how to do it securely: simply use just a single mix that is not controlled by
the JAP project and you'll be fine. The court order is only valid for the JAP
people, so everybody else in Germany (and elsewhere of course) can offer a
non-backdoored mix which will make the cascade secure. This actually means
that all cascades but the Dresden-Dresden one are secure.

@_date: 2003-08-21 20:39:56
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Popular Net anonymity service back-doored (fwd) 
More informations.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
This is technically incorrect.  As far as I know, the client update is
completely unrelated.
The logging functionality has been implemented in the mixes
themselves, otherwise you would be able to circumvent it by using a
different client.  The CVS commit occured on 2003-06-27.  Logging is
implemented this way: if the last mix in the cascade (which sees the
request in the clear) detects a suspicious request, it is logged
together with an ID.  The ID is transmitted (through the cascade) to
the first mix, which logs the ID and the IP address.  Combining the
two log files, it is possible to collapse the cascade and backtrack
the requests.  This exploits that TU Dresden operates both the first
and last mix in the Dresden--Dresden cascade (which is the only that
works reliably, AFAIK).
An employee of TU Dresden described this scheme in an interview with
Heise Online, a German online news site, back in October 2001.  He
announced an implementation within the next six months, but I don't
know at the moment if he was speaking for the JAP project as a whole,
or if he was just expressing his own ideas.
According to the news sources I have read, the court requested
surveillance based on the target IP address.  However, the source code
does not contain code to monitor specific (target) IP addresses, but
an elaborate URL screening facility, based on regular expressions.
Just by specifying ".*", it should be possible to log all requests
(and the corresponding IP addresses).  I don't know why the source
code doesn't implement the surveillance based on IP addresses, as the
court allegedly requested.
Note that this kind of target-based monitoring would be much harder on
the plain Internet unless the remote site is willing to cooperate.  A
broken anonymizer makes this type of surveillance quite easy.
The official declaration ("Selbstverpflichtung") of the mixes, which
promises that neither logging will be enabled nor backdoors will be
implemented, hasn't been updated either.
However, perhaps the JAP team at TU Dresden hadn't much choice.  I
haven't seen the court order, but I could imagine that they weren't
allowed to inform the users because it would have harmed the criminal
investigation.  Following the order while fighting it within the legal
system is perhaps a wiser choice than just resisting it (and thus
breaking the law yourself).  But I agree that it takes them awfully
long to update their web site, now that some information is public.
Finally, they could have avoided all the hassle if they hadn't
published the source code.  Why did they publish?  I don't believe
it's an accident.
For BUGTRAQ readers: Symantec strips message headers.  The original

@_date: 2003-08-21 17:01:28
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Popular Net anonymity service back-doored (fwd) 
The good thing on the bad thing is that Java is relatively easy to
decompile and audit. The bad thing on this good thing is that next to
nobody will bother. The good thing on this bad thing is that at least
someone will do, as it turned out in this case.
Wondering how difficult it would be to make a "rogue" version of JAP with
the logging functions removed or damaged.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Organization: The Register
Popular Net anonymity service back-doored
Fed-up Feds get court order
The popular Java Anonymous Proxy (JAP), used to anonymise one's comings and
goings across the Internet, has been back-doored by court order. The service
is currently logging access attempts to a particular, and unnamed, Web site
and reporting the IP addys of those who attempt to contact it to the German
We know this because the JAP operators immediately warned users that their IP
traffic might be going straight to Big Brother, right? Wrong. After taking
the service down for a few days with the explanation that the interruption
was "due to a hardware failure", the operators then required users to install
an "upgraded version" (ie. a back-doored version) of the app to continue
using the service.
"As soon as our service works again, an obligatory update (version 00.02.001)
[will be] needed by all users," the public was told. Not a word about Feds or
back doors.
Fortunately, a nosey troublemaker had a look at the 'upgrade' and noticed some
unusual business in it, such as:
"CAMsg::printMsg(LOG_INFO,"Loading Crime Detection Data....\n");"
"CAMsg::printMsg(LOG_CRIT,"Crime detected - ID: %u - Content:
and posted it to alt.2600.
Soon the JAP team replied to the thread, admitting that there is now a "crime
detection function" in the system mandated by the courts. But they defended
their decision:
"What was the alternative? Shutting down the service? The security
apparatchiks would have appreciated that - anonymity in the Internet and
especially AN.ON are a thorn in their side anyway."
Sorry, the Feds undoubtedly appreciated the JAP team's willingness to
back-door the app while saying nothing about it a lot more than they would
have appreciated seeing the service shut down with a warning that JAP can no
longer fulfill its stated obligation to protect anonymity due to police
Admittedly, the JAP team makes some good points in its apology. For one, they
say they're fighting the court order but that they must comply with it until
a decision is reached on their appeal.
Jap is a collaborative effort of Dresden University of Technology, Free
University Berlin and the Independent Centre for Privacy Protection
Schleswig-Holstein, Germany (ICPP). A press release from ICPP assures users
that JAP is safe to use because access to only one Web site is currently
being disclosed, and only under court-ordered monitoring.
But that's not the point. Disclosure is the point. The JAP Web site still
claims that anonymity is sacrosanct: "No one, not anyone from outside, not
any of the other users, not even the provider of the intermediary service can
determine which connection belongs to which user."
This is obviously no longer true, if it ever was. And that's a serious
problem, that element of doubt. Anonymity services can flourish only if users
trust providers to be straight with them at all times. This in turn means
that providers must be absolutely punctilious and obsessive about disclosing
every exception to their assurances of anonymity. One doesn't build
confidence by letting the Feds plug in to the network, legally or otherwise,
and saying nothing about it.
Justifying it after the fact, as the JAP team did, simply isn't good enough.
Telling us that they only did it to help catch criminals isn't good enough
either. Sure, no normal person is against catching criminals - the more the
merrier, I say. But what's criminal is highly relative, always subject to
popular perception and state doctrine. If we accept Germany's definition of
criminal activity that trumps the natural right to anonymity and privacy,
then we must accept North Korea's, China's and Saudi Arabia's. They have laws
too, after all. The entire purpose of anonymity services is to sidestep state
regulation of what's said and what's read on the basis of natural law.
The JAP Web site has a motto: "Anonymity is not a crime." It's a fine one,
even a profound one. But it's also a palpably political one. The JAP project
inserted itself, uncalled, into the turbulent confluence between natural law
and state regulation, and signaled its allegiance to the former. It's tragic
to see it bowing to the latter. .

@_date: 2003-08-21 16:44:07
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Popular Net anonymity service back-doored (fwd) 
Organization: The Register
Popular Net anonymity service back-doored
Fed-up Feds get court order
The popular Java Anonymous Proxy (JAP), used to anonymise one's comings and
goings across the Internet, has been back-doored by court order. The service
is currently logging access attempts to a particular, and unnamed, Web site
and reporting the IP addys of those who attempt to contact it to the German
We know this because the JAP operators immediately warned users that their IP
traffic might be going straight to Big Brother, right? Wrong. After taking
the service down for a few days with the explanation that the interruption
was "due to a hardware failure", the operators then required users to install
an "upgraded version" (ie. a back-doored version) of the app to continue
using the service.
"As soon as our service works again, an obligatory update (version 00.02.001)
[will be] needed by all users," the public was told. Not a word about Feds or
back doors.
Fortunately, a nosey troublemaker had a look at the 'upgrade' and noticed some
unusual business in it, such as:
"CAMsg::printMsg(LOG_INFO,"Loading Crime Detection Data....\n");"
"CAMsg::printMsg(LOG_CRIT,"Crime detected - ID: %u - Content:
and posted it to alt.2600.
Soon the JAP team replied to the thread, admitting that there is now a "crime
detection function" in the system mandated by the courts. But they defended
their decision:
"What was the alternative? Shutting down the service? The security
apparatchiks would have appreciated that - anonymity in the Internet and
especially AN.ON are a thorn in their side anyway."
Sorry, the Feds undoubtedly appreciated the JAP team's willingness to
back-door the app while saying nothing about it a lot more than they would
have appreciated seeing the service shut down with a warning that JAP can no
longer fulfill its stated obligation to protect anonymity due to police
Admittedly, the JAP team makes some good points in its apology. For one, they
say they're fighting the court order but that they must comply with it until
a decision is reached on their appeal.
Jap is a collaborative effort of Dresden University of Technology, Free
University Berlin and the Independent Centre for Privacy Protection
Schleswig-Holstein, Germany (ICPP). A press release from ICPP assures users
that JAP is safe to use because access to only one Web site is currently
being disclosed, and only under court-ordered monitoring.
But that's not the point. Disclosure is the point. The JAP Web site still
claims that anonymity is sacrosanct: "No one, not anyone from outside, not
any of the other users, not even the provider of the intermediary service can
determine which connection belongs to which user."
This is obviously no longer true, if it ever was. And that's a serious
problem, that element of doubt. Anonymity services can flourish only if users
trust providers to be straight with them at all times. This in turn means
that providers must be absolutely punctilious and obsessive about disclosing
every exception to their assurances of anonymity. One doesn't build
confidence by letting the Feds plug in to the network, legally or otherwise,
and saying nothing about it.
Justifying it after the fact, as the JAP team did, simply isn't good enough.
Telling us that they only did it to help catch criminals isn't good enough
either. Sure, no normal person is against catching criminals - the more the
merrier, I say. But what's criminal is highly relative, always subject to
popular perception and state doctrine. If we accept Germany's definition of
criminal activity that trumps the natural right to anonymity and privacy,
then we must accept North Korea's, China's and Saudi Arabia's. They have laws
too, after all. The entire purpose of anonymity services is to sidestep state
regulation of what's said and what's read on the basis of natural law.
The JAP Web site has a motto: "Anonymity is not a crime." It's a fine one,
even a profound one. But it's also a palpably political one. The JAP project
inserted itself, uncalled, into the turbulent confluence between natural law
and state regulation, and signaled its allegiance to the former. It's tragic
to see it bowing to the latter. .

@_date: 2003-08-22 03:54:44
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: RE: JAP back doored 
Could it be at least somehow useful as a part of some bigger scheme, a
layer of a cake? Can a distributed multilayered proxy be built with some
less-than-trusted components?
On another note, the Sobig worm is de facto a distributed network of proxy
servers, though primarily designed for sending spam. Could it be of any
use for web? According to some sources it should be able to proxy a
plethora of protocols.

@_date: 2003-08-22 23:47:45
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: A little more about CDROMs 
Summary: Coating a CD by a reagent, then exposing it to a sample that
changes its color, then counting read errors on the CD.
Maybe could be a nice application for the lowest-level laser signal access
I proposed earlier. (It apparently really could have some unexpected
applications beyond CD copying, Tim.)

@_date: 2003-09-30 04:55:29
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Motorola Security Chips 
You don't have to rely on a proprietary, potentially compromised solution;
there are open-source FPGA cores in the wild that can do lots of things
for you. Eg, . With a bit of luck,
situation on the free cores market will gradually improve further.

@_date: 2003-09-26 05:11:46
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: CIPE tunnels 
A good-looking alternative (if we can't or don't want to use IPsec) is
OpenVPN, . Uses UDP for tunneling, so
should be able to cope even when the ISP firewalls IPsec packets (eg, if
VPN is against their TOS for residential accounts).

@_date: 2003-09-09 02:40:21
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Determining gender of anonymous author - article link 
Maybe it's already known here.
Has implications in identifying an author in anonymous/pseudonymous

@_date: 2003-09-02 19:59:09
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Searching for uncopyable key made of sparkles in plastic 
Is it the MIT project with a laser and glass balls in epoxide resin?

@_date: 2003-09-02 19:59:09
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Searching for uncopyable key made of sparkles in plastic 
Is it the MIT project with a laser and glass balls in epoxide resin?

@_date: 2003-09-04 17:15:33
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Random musing about words and spam 
There is a high potential to falsely block innocent addresses. The most
common reason these days will be a worm activity.
To quote from spamNEWS 09/02/03:
                                    ooooo
SOBIG.F OBESERVATION - Lockergnome 8/31/2003
I observed back on Tuesday that my Symantec SMTP gateway was stopping SoBig.F
subject lines coming from spammers (i.e., blocked via DNSBL) at over 3 times the
rate that I was seeing them from Joe user types. Further, I noticed that they
were sending even more SoBig.F emails than they were spam. So, why would
spammers who make their living be generating emails allow their servers to be
compromised? They didn't. They are doing this on purpose and I have a theory for
this. I call it my echo theory.
Say that, as a spammer, you know one or more of the addresses in your database
is to a spam trap - but you don't know which one. You generate LOTS of SoBig.F
emails on purpose, using your database for the forged-from addresses. Now,
JoeUser has his server or client antivirus filter setup to send a reply when it
encounters a virus (which is a very BAD thing, after Klez taught us about the
virtues of forged addresses).
Dutifully, JoeUser's email server or client automatically sends a helpful note
off to "SpamTrap," informing them that they are infected. Often these replies
even extol how much smarter they are than "SpamTrap" because they caught it, but
"SpamTrap" did not. Heck, let's even send an email to the postmaster at
SpamBait's ISP, telling him / her how much better the BrandX filter is that
JoeUser is using... but I digress.
The email server at SpamBait's ISP sees an email to SpamTrap and says "Ah hah,
JoeUser's ISP must obviously be a spammer, so load his IP address into our DNSBL
JoeUser now sends a legitimate email to me SmartUser at IuseDNSBL.com and it, of
course, bounces. JoeUser now calls me and asks why he was blacklisted. After
some diligent effort on my part, I find that DNSBL.SpamBait.com is saying half
of my customers and suppliers are spammers. I have a business to run, so I turn
off DNSBL on my gateway and - lo and behold - all of the spammers emails that
were being blocked due to DNSBL are no allowed to come though. That is my echo
theory. That is why spammers are using half their bandwidth to send SoBig.F.
[Thanks to reader Stephen Whitis for the tip - ed.]

@_date: 2003-09-04 17:15:33
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Random musing about words and spam 
There is a high potential to falsely block innocent addresses. The most
common reason these days will be a worm activity.
To quote from spamNEWS 09/02/03:
                                    ooooo
SOBIG.F OBESERVATION - Lockergnome 8/31/2003
I observed back on Tuesday that my Symantec SMTP gateway was stopping SoBig.F
subject lines coming from spammers (i.e., blocked via DNSBL) at over 3 times the
rate that I was seeing them from Joe user types. Further, I noticed that they
were sending even more SoBig.F emails than they were spam. So, why would
spammers who make their living be generating emails allow their servers to be
compromised? They didn't. They are doing this on purpose and I have a theory for
this. I call it my echo theory.
Say that, as a spammer, you know one or more of the addresses in your database
is to a spam trap - but you don't know which one. You generate LOTS of SoBig.F
emails on purpose, using your database for the forged-from addresses. Now,
JoeUser has his server or client antivirus filter setup to send a reply when it
encounters a virus (which is a very BAD thing, after Klez taught us about the
virtues of forged addresses).
Dutifully, JoeUser's email server or client automatically sends a helpful note
off to "SpamTrap," informing them that they are infected. Often these replies
even extol how much smarter they are than "SpamTrap" because they caught it, but
"SpamTrap" did not. Heck, let's even send an email to the postmaster at
SpamBait's ISP, telling him / her how much better the BrandX filter is that
JoeUser is using... but I digress.
The email server at SpamBait's ISP sees an email to SpamTrap and says "Ah hah,
JoeUser's ISP must obviously be a spammer, so load his IP address into our DNSBL
JoeUser now sends a legitimate email to me SmartUser at IuseDNSBL.com and it, of
course, bounces. JoeUser now calls me and asks why he was blacklisted. After
some diligent effort on my part, I find that DNSBL.SpamBait.com is saying half
of my customers and suppliers are spammers. I have a business to run, so I turn
off DNSBL on my gateway and - lo and behold - all of the spammers emails that
were being blocked due to DNSBL are no allowed to come though. That is my echo
theory. That is why spammers are using half their bandwidth to send SoBig.F.
[Thanks to reader Stephen Whitis for the tip - ed.]

@_date: 2003-09-03 08:44:53
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Random musing about words and spam 
Quality vs quantity. The ratio of machine-generated words to real-looking
ones. The first one has far more negative hits than positive ones, the
second one has all positive. (However, this is easy to beat by using
randomly selected dictionary words instead. The following step is using a
syntactical parser on the level of sentences. The countermove is borrowing
random paragraphs of otherwise meaningful text from random websites.
Following move is employing of semantical parsers, and then we're
waist-deep in artificial intelligence and natural language analysis. It
will end there anyway.) Won't work too reliably on its own, at least in
the simple version, but could help a Bayesian filter to make a decision.
This approach assumes you are able to detect duplicates (which may be
difficult to do if each spam sent out would be different, eg. using
different sets of pseudowords - which is already being done in some cases,
from the day antispam systems based on hashes of known spams were
introduced), and depends on the duplicates actually reaching your both
addresses within reasonable timeframe.

@_date: 2003-09-02 23:00:21
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Random musing about words and spam 
Spammers recently adopted tactics of using randomly generated words, eg.
"wryqf", in both the subject and the body of the message. These
"pseudowords" are random, which makes them different from real words that
are made of syllables.
Could the pseudowords be easily detected by their characteristics, eg.
presence of syllables, wovel-consonant sequences/ratio, something like
that? This could shift the balance of force in spam detection again, until
the adversary will be forced to adopt the tactics of generating the random
words from syllables instead of characters. Presence of pseudowords then
could be added as one of spam characteristics.

@_date: 2003-09-02 23:00:21
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Random musing about words and spam 
Spammers recently adopted tactics of using randomly generated words, eg.
"wryqf", in both the subject and the body of the message. These
"pseudowords" are random, which makes them different from real words that
are made of syllables.
Could the pseudowords be easily detected by their characteristics, eg.
presence of syllables, wovel-consonant sequences/ratio, something like
that? This could shift the balance of force in spam detection again, until
the adversary will be forced to adopt the tactics of generating the random
words from syllables instead of characters. Presence of pseudowords then
could be added as one of spam characteristics.

@_date: 2003-09-02 23:00:21
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Random musing about words and spam 
Spammers recently adopted tactics of using randomly generated words, eg.
"wryqf", in both the subject and the body of the message. These
"pseudowords" are random, which makes them different from real words that
are made of syllables.
Could the pseudowords be easily detected by their characteristics, eg.
presence of syllables, wovel-consonant sequences/ratio, something like
that? This could shift the balance of force in spam detection again, until
the adversary will be forced to adopt the tactics of generating the random
words from syllables instead of characters. Presence of pseudowords then
could be added as one of spam characteristics.

@_date: 2003-09-07 05:00:59
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: more SSH MITM 
Central certification authority has its risks and advantages. Remembering
the fingerprints of known keys and alerting for the new or changed ones
has its advantages too. Why we shouldn't have it all?
Why there couldn't be a system that would keep the database of known keys
and report changes and new keys, like SSH does, and at the same give the
possibility to sign the keys by several CAs? Effectively turning the
hierarchy with potentially vulnerable top to a much-less-vulnerable web
That way you could get a key certified by Verisign, Thawte, and a handful
of small private CAs of various groups and people, and its fingerprint
remembered by the clients. If one of the CAs gets compromised, no problem
as the other certificates still hold. If a server key gets changed, or
there is a confusion-attack in progress ("BankOpAmerica"), the clients are
immediately aware of it.
Could be SSL modified to allow more CAs for one certificate? If it isn't a
good idea, why?

@_date: 2003-09-12 13:59:14
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] UK firms tout camera phone blinding tech 
If there will be a dedicated receiver circuit in the phone, operating on
other than cellular frequencies, it will be fairly trivial to shield or
jam or damage it. (Some countries, I think something Far-Eastern, want
legislation to force the manufacturers to make the handset emit loud tone
when taking the picture. A tiny switch enabling/disabling the transducer
takes care of it rather easily. A non-tech approach could be to make the
same tone popular as a ringtone, psychologically immunizing people against
paying special attention to it.)
If it will be a firmware update, it is matter of couple days or at most
weeks until rogue firmware versions with blocking disabled pop up all
around - especially if one of the blocked functions will be SMS messages
in schools.

@_date: 2003-09-12 13:59:14
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [Brinworld] UK firms tout camera phone blinding tech 
If there will be a dedicated receiver circuit in the phone, operating on
other than cellular frequencies, it will be fairly trivial to shield or
jam or damage it. (Some countries, I think something Far-Eastern, want
legislation to force the manufacturers to make the handset emit loud tone
when taking the picture. A tiny switch enabling/disabling the transducer
takes care of it rather easily. A non-tech approach could be to make the
same tone popular as a ringtone, psychologically immunizing people against
paying special attention to it.)
If it will be a firmware update, it is matter of couple days or at most
weeks until rogue firmware versions with blocking disabled pop up all
around - especially if one of the blocked functions will be SMS messages
in schools.

@_date: 2003-09-22 00:56:30
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Walker: NAT means you are a consumer, not a peer 
Not entirely. Sourceforge projects can be roughly divided to two
categories: maintained, and unmaintained. :)

@_date: 2003-09-21 20:28:29
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Walker: NAT means you are a consumer, not a peer 
That's partially true, but the situation isn't that bad yet, and there are
countermeasures available for some cases. See eg.
Walker's assesment is probably distorted by disproportional amount of
NAT-related questions on the support board.
Not too long ago, I incorporated binding to a defined UDP source IP:port
to my sfParanoidPatch  for
Linux version. This could alleviate some NAT-related problems, and let
Windows version developers to get inspired how to do it too.
What's sorely missing is some kind of easy diagnostics, a simple packet
sniffer showing the incoming/outgoing packets and a server that when asked
over TCP (eg, as a CGI script) would send back a short burst of
SpeakFreely-like UDP traffic, in order to detect if incoming traffic is
Not really. The project is moved to Sourceforge. The only thing ending is
Walker's involvement.
Now we can only hope that the project will be adopted by someone with
strong-enough organization and leadership skills.
There is a need for secure cross-platform VoIP software. With a bit of
luck, SF won't die. There are already talks between the hopefully new
developers about architecture of new generation of SpeakFreely.
If I remember correctly, IPv6 rollout is government-supported in eg.
Japan, and there are considerations over Europe. If the critical mass will
be reached, others will follow. Matter of time.
The consumer/publisher differentiation won't be as easy. Even "pure"
consumers have desire to run server-like applications; webcams, VoIP,
Interget gaming. If there still be some differentiation between ISPs and
content providers, there will be a reason - especially on saturated
markets - to cater to the wishes of groups like gamers. And once there are
methods for piercing holes in NAT for UDP, suitable for games, the same
methods are suitable for VoIP, so for SpeakFreely as well.
Without doubts.

@_date: 2003-09-21 20:28:29
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Walker: NAT means you are a consumer, not a peer 
That's partially true, but the situation isn't that bad yet, and there are
countermeasures available for some cases. See eg.
Walker's assesment is probably distorted by disproportional amount of
NAT-related questions on the support board.
Not too long ago, I incorporated binding to a defined UDP source IP:port
to my sfParanoidPatch  for
Linux version. This could alleviate some NAT-related problems, and let
Windows version developers to get inspired how to do it too.
What's sorely missing is some kind of easy diagnostics, a simple packet
sniffer showing the incoming/outgoing packets and a server that when asked
over TCP (eg, as a CGI script) would send back a short burst of
SpeakFreely-like UDP traffic, in order to detect if incoming traffic is
Not really. The project is moved to Sourceforge. The only thing ending is
Walker's involvement.
Now we can only hope that the project will be adopted by someone with
strong-enough organization and leadership skills.
There is a need for secure cross-platform VoIP software. With a bit of
luck, SF won't die. There are already talks between the hopefully new
developers about architecture of new generation of SpeakFreely.
If I remember correctly, IPv6 rollout is government-supported in eg.
Japan, and there are considerations over Europe. If the critical mass will
be reached, others will follow. Matter of time.
The consumer/publisher differentiation won't be as easy. Even "pure"
consumers have desire to run server-like applications; webcams, VoIP,
Interget gaming. If there still be some differentiation between ISPs and
content providers, there will be a reason - especially on saturated
markets - to cater to the wishes of groups like gamers. And once there are
methods for piercing holes in NAT for UDP, suitable for games, the same
methods are suitable for VoIP, so for SpeakFreely as well.
Without doubts.

@_date: 2003-09-22 14:30:34
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted search? 
Sounds quite like a web access filtering problem.
Try a list of hashes of the IDs. Of course this would work only if the
bruteforcing of the index would be impractical; eg, it may somehow work
for longer email addresses, but probably won't work for phone numbers.
Good hash (MD5, SHA1, etc. - their other advantage is that their code is
out there and you don't have to write it) can't be reversed. However, they
can be bruteforced, if the input set isn't impractically big (eg, a set of
phone numbers from one area code is less than 10,000 possibilities, which
is trivial to take, calculate a hash for every one of them, and check if
the database contains it).
Yes. Hash is there / hash is not there.
I suppose so. Similar approach is used for accelerating searches in long
lists of data.
Maybe there is better approach, my crypto-fu isn't good enough yet to do
more than kibitzing.

@_date: 2003-09-22 22:39:32
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Elngsih (was "") 
Could be the l33t sp3ak next generation for the cases when the
communication is monitored by automated tools for keywords. Could foil
both alerting on keywords and keyword searching on intercepted and stored
material (unless the keyword search would look also for all the possible
permutations of the words).

@_date: 2003-10-31 16:41:54
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: TLS/qmail and DH cipher suites - patch to patch 
Speaking about not letting the terrorists win...
My favorite MTA is qmail, for couple reasons. The TLS support is available
as a thrid-party patch. However, the support for Diffie-Hellman cipher
suites was missing, the initialization code was not there.
I borrowed code from stunnel, and implemented it into the qmail patch.
From now on, the ephemeral keying should work there.
See Peer review more than welcomed. I am a very beginner in
cryptography-related programming.

@_date: 2003-10-14 09:36:58
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: P2P Encrypted VOIP 
This was mentioned on a SepakFreely list as well.
In short:
Platform-locked (Windows-only).
Closed-source (dubious crypto implementation).
Proprietary technology (compatible only with itself).
The P2P-ness is a good idea, though. Why don't publish contact information
in eg. Gnutella, as a small text (eg. XML) file, searchable by name? It
shouldn't be impossible to write a helper program for SpeakFreely to
access those. Several methods are possible, including yellow-pages servers
in a DNS-like system; employing more than one at once could make it robust
enough for practical use.
Alternatively, why don't use an IM-like infrastructure for the call
negotiations? Could we use IM of sort to set up the call? Combination of
SpeakFreely with Jabber could solve most of the problems, from the contact
publishing (where the "phone number" could equal the Jabber ID) to
connection negotiation itself (where Jabber can provide the backbone for
the signalling, telling each side the IP on which the communication
partner resides, or if there is NAT involved and what measure to use
then). Something principially similar to users telling each other over
Jabber how to set the VoIP software, but automated. Jabber protocol is
well-documented, clients exist for next to everything, next to everybody
can run a server.
Opinions, comments?

@_date: 2003-10-04 14:42:25
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: U FLA castrates students, turns them into consumers 
Or a normal standard VPN. Either classical IPsec, or another
implementation, eg.  which works over UDP on port
5000 (default), but can be reconfigured to eg. the mentioned 53. (The
advantage of OpenVPN is also for the ISPs that demand additional charges
for using VPNs and block IPsec packets for residential-grade users.)
The adversary then can block 53 and demand use of their own resolvers.
Then the VPN can be rewritten to use TCP connection over port 80,
optionally with HTTPS proxy support.
There is always a solution, if there is an accomplice "outside".
When brains are outlawed, only outlaws will think. (Seems the future goes
in this direction.)

@_date: 2003-10-05 08:17:50
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: On suing Marcy Hamilton for being a bimbo 
You don't know how much I'd love to. However, I have to live in the Real
World, and I have to interact with other people, which involves receiving
data from them. (If I could just ignore them, I'd do so and won't get
angry about the issue.)
I also have to share the Net with them, which - even if I do the best -
gets annoying when the network throughput goes down and the mailbox
overflows with the 'New Net Security Pack' or another Worm of the Week.
This is something I can't exactly choose to avoid, except by leaving the
Net, which is an unacceptable tradeoff. Sorry.
Which is designed to be used improperly by default.
Is it also wrong to blame a door maker when the lock that was marketed as
safe can be opened with a creditcard (which is then touted as convenience)?
I don't have the answer here. I usually don't have accurate answers to
policy things.
You know what's the worst? That it can be both convenient and reasonably
safe. See below for some examples.
Not when I become collateral damage.
You don't have to always sacrifice a lot of convenience to get a
significant security gain. Why should the 135-139+445 (and others) ports
be exposed to everyone by default? To let the users easily share things
over their LANs?  The LANs have well-known IP ranges assigned. Why the
open-by-default ports shouldn't be open only for these ranges, and reject
connections from elsewhere, unless specified otherwise? Three or four A
and B class matches on accept() call won't hurt even a 386, in the most
optimal case it's a handful of assembler instructions - one byte
comparison for 10.*.*.*, one word for 192.168.*.*, one AND and then word
for the third one, and if we want to use the 169.254.*.* range, then
another word comparison. Plus one condition for disabling the safety
checks, set to false by default. This one simple measure could prevent a
whole class of attacks (*cough*Blaster*cough*), or at least greatly
mitigate their impact. Similar for rendering HTML in mails; I never saw a
SINGLE mail with javascript inside that won't be spam (where it's for
annoying but otherwise harmless effects) or worm (where it's actually
malicious and used for spreading), a boolean for call for scripting engine
to return without any action shouldn't be problematic.
That happens everywhere. But only one major vendor so far managed to get
it from something exceptional to something expectational.
OpenBSD. (Though on the other hand there are opinions that its security is
based mainly on the difficulty of getting anything to work on it.)
Of course that everything is more or less vulnerable. But not everything
is a gaping security hole.
I use them as examples of notoriously buggy subsystems. Windows have MSIE
and IIS and some others.
Not. Another of my pet peeves, but not *that* critical, and there are
various third-party implementations, eg. Cygwin port of OpenSSH. Not
exactly stellar (or I didn't manage to configure something correctly), but
Which is why I mentioned them. It makes no sense to talk about handling of
patches without using something that actually needs them as an example.
I see you are familiar with "boot wait". Yes, it's boring.
I can ignore Joe Coder. I can't ignore MSFT. Joe Coder has no economical
power to ram his bugs down my throat, and the userbase of Joe's
Spreadexcrement Editor isn't wide enough to be likely that someone sends
me a table with critical data in its poorly documented .jst format AND
expect as a matter of course that I will be able to read it.
It takes some serious effort to get me so heavily biased.
When I checked last, there were some baseline safety standards and crash
tests and stuff.
The analogy that would be more accurate is exploding tires. Marcy operates
the machine within vendor-suggested operational parameters (eg, defaults).
Misunderstanding. I meant the law she's attempting to use as the base of
the lawsuit. Sorry for not being clearer. (I suppose her address is in the
court materials anyway; besides MSFT defenders are far less dangerous than
eg. $cientologists.)
Monopoly-like system reinforces itself and favors measures that would kill
their proponent if there would be several smaller players. (Eg,
nonstandard file format that no one else can read without problems should
make problems to its vendors instead to everyone else - once one of the
vendors has enough market share to be able to push their will on the
others and buy or ruin them if they are in the way, something is wrong.)
(There is a hope, though. Billy the Greed managed to be disliked by mostly
everyone. With some luck, a critical mass will be reached and the balance
tilted back, with the inevitable sound effects of MSFT management crying
"unfair". And the following drop of their share value, undermining
confidence in blue chips in general, drop of value of pension funds which
are quite significantly dependent on them, resulting social turmoil, and
general instability for next couple weeks/months/years. Billy himself
knows it has to come; it's likely not a coincidence he began diversifying
his personal portfolio.)
It's not *that* bad that they have bugs. What makes me see red is how easy
would be to mitigate the impact of a great number of them, and when I have
to suffer incompatiBILLities specifically designed to annoy me as a
non-user of the Holy and Only Correct Office Suite (even more accurately,
its Current Version).
An interesting and challenging problem (which I am not sure it has a
solution) is how to set up the market playing field to prevent such
situations by design, while being fair.
They at least knew it can happen; see RFC 706.

@_date: 2003-10-04 15:50:02
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: On suing Marcy Hamilton for being a bimbo 
Not exactly good analogy. The mentioned "toolmaker" behaves so recklessly
they well-deserve some serious slapping. There is a huge difference
between making a bug time to time and release patch as soon as possible,
and reckless endangering of the whole world by both lousy code,
intentionally wrong key architectural decisions, and keeping everything
and the kitchen sink on by default, including services that next to nobody
(except worms) needs - if the users need it, they should be able to click
on "Enable" on their own. Not even mentioning the tendency of the patches
(and following patches to patches) to break something else. Can't remember
when an upgrade of OpenSSH or OpenSSL or any other contemporary bug
breeder of the MS-alternative bombed any of my systems. Or when I had to
reboot instead of just restarting the updated service.
If for nothing other than for running scripts in incoming mails by
default, MSFT deserves it. (Yes, I admit bias. Having to admin a couple
machines running their software should be enough to justify it.)
Resorting to worn-out car analogies, it's quite like selling cars with
safety belts made of paper and with faulty brakes (not talking about the
occassional tendency of the mentioned cars to lose their engine, explode
in the middle of the road, or shred the luggage in the trunk). Or, if we
have to talk about tools, selling electric drills that in default
configuration tend to shatter to pieces flying around when set to highest
rpms. In such cases, a class-action lawsuit is likely to be swift.
Though I am not sure if the personal-informations-disclosure venue is the
good one.

@_date: 2003-10-11 05:08:06
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: Small-volume concealed data storage 
I mentioned here the AT24RF08 chip here for couple times already. I got an
idea about another application for this nice toy.
For an encrypted data storage, the storage of the key is crucial. If the
key is recovered, everything is lost. Remembering 256 (or even 128) bits
is a hassle, a storage medium is subject to potential seizure. The key has
to be protected by a passphrase, which is subject to bruteforcing. The key
has to be destroyed in the event of a dangerous situation detected by the
environmental sensors, or if the passphrase is tried one time too much
(which opens the possibility of a DoS attack, rendering the data
protection scheme unusable by regular intentional destruction of the key).
However, the higher security we want, the lower alarm thresholds we have
to set and the higher is the probability of misfire. For convenience
reasons, for most common scenarios where absolute security is not
necessary and some risk is affordable, we need a backup key storage.
The mentioned chip can operate passively, powered from the coil used for
data transfer, principially the same as an RFID tag. The independence on
any kind of power supply makes it suitable for being built into some
object, including the building itself; the chip and coil may be located
inside a wall, serving as a potential storage for up to 8 kilobits of data
as necessary. It may be put in place at the moment when the building is
built, or during some construction work. Routine kinds of police raids are
quite unlikely to discover this kind of data storage (though the eventual
discovery of a reader device may be a giveaway). XORing the key with a MD5
hash of a memorized keyphrase can further increase security.
This method may be also used for covert exchange of short messages. The
device may be hidden under the carpet or inside poured concrete floor, and
reader/writed in the shoes of the conspirators. The simplicity and
robustness of the storage part of the technology could permit long-time
installations "just for case".
Or maybe I am too tired to think in coherent way.
Maybe it's a good idea. Maybe not (if, then why?). May be handy at least
for a spy novel writer.

@_date: 2003-11-22 14:24:48
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Idea: GPG signatures within HTML - problem with inline 
There is a problem with images and other inline objects. There is a
solution, too.
The objects included into the document can get their hash calculated and
included in their tag; eg,
The tag has to be in the signed part of the document, so the hash can't be
tampered with.
Full digital signatures should be possible as well, eg.
some HTML code here
This way doesn't depend on the part of the document being signed, as the
signature can't be effectively tampered with undetected anyway.
Same scheme could be used in  tags, allowing automated checking of
signatures or hashes of downloaded binary files.

@_date: 2003-11-19 15:51:16
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: EDRI-gram: RFID-blocker wins German idea-contest 
6. RFID-DETECTOR WINS GERMAN IDEA-CONTEST
The German civil rights and privacy-organisation FoeBuD is the winner of
an idea-contest for a national awareness campaign about the infringement
of civil liberties through new technologies. With the price of 15.000
Euro, FoeBuD wants to develop a 'Dataprivatizer', a tool to detect RFID's,
minuscule spy-chips that are increasingly built into consumer goods.
RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) are tiny computer chips with an
antenna that can be read without touching or even seeing it. These
transponders can be built into every yoghurt cup or piece of clothing. The
chips can secretly divulge information about the buyer. With these data
firms can set up profiles about the shopping behaviour and leisure
activities of their customers.
This is not a remote future. The German chain of supermarkets and
DIY-stores Metro AG already won a Big Brother Award last month for
implementing this technology.
Idea contest (winner announced 06.11.2003)

@_date: 2003-11-17 20:48:16
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: OpenLinux: Key validity bug in GnuPG 1.2.1 and earlier (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
Issue date: 		2003 November 17
Cross reference:	sr883602 fz528211 erg712405 CAN-2003-0255
1. Problem Description
2. Vulnerable Supported Versions
3. Solution
4. OpenLinux 3.1.1 Server
5. OpenLinux 3.1.1 Workstation
6. References
7. Disclaimer
8. Acknowledgements

@_date: 2003-11-17 20:48:16
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: OpenLinux: Key validity bug in GnuPG 1.2.1 and earlier (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
Issue date: 		2003 November 17
Cross reference:	sr883602 fz528211 erg712405 CAN-2003-0255
1. Problem Description
2. Vulnerable Supported Versions
3. Solution
4. OpenLinux 3.1.1 Server
5. OpenLinux 3.1.1 Workstation
6. References
7. Disclaimer
8. Acknowledgements

@_date: 2003-11-19 15:51:16
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: EDRI-gram: RFID-blocker wins German idea-contest 
6. RFID-DETECTOR WINS GERMAN IDEA-CONTEST
The German civil rights and privacy-organisation FoeBuD is the winner of
an idea-contest for a national awareness campaign about the infringement
of civil liberties through new technologies. With the price of 15.000
Euro, FoeBuD wants to develop a 'Dataprivatizer', a tool to detect RFID's,
minuscule spy-chips that are increasingly built into consumer goods.
RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) are tiny computer chips with an
antenna that can be read without touching or even seeing it. These
transponders can be built into every yoghurt cup or piece of clothing. The
chips can secretly divulge information about the buyer. With these data
firms can set up profiles about the shopping behaviour and leisure
activities of their customers.
This is not a remote future. The German chain of supermarkets and
DIY-stores Metro AG already won a Big Brother Award last month for
implementing this technology.
Idea contest (winner announced 06.11.2003)

@_date: 2003-11-22 13:54:39
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: GPG signatures within HTML 
Sometimes a problem appears with publishing information on the Web, when
the authenticity of document, especially a widely-distributed one, has to
be checked. I am not aware about any mechanism available presently.
A trick with HTML (or SGML in general) tag and a comment, a browser plugin
(or manual operation over saved source), and a GPG signature over part of
the HTML file should do the job, with maintaining full backward
compatibility and no problems for the users not using this scheme.
It should be possible to make this HTML construction:
blah blah blah blah blah unsigned irrelevant part of the document, eg.
headers and sidebars which change with the site design
 comments are used to hide the signature from the user in
standard browsers.
The scheme is designed to allow signing only parts of documents, so they
could be published in fast-changing environments like blogs or on
dynamically generated pages, and to have many different signed parts on
one page. It should also allow manual checking of the signature, eg. by
curl  | gpg --verify
Feel free to use the idea if it is good.
Opinions, comments?

@_date: 2003-11-22 13:54:39
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: GPG signatures within HTML 
Sometimes a problem appears with publishing information on the Web, when
the authenticity of document, especially a widely-distributed one, has to
be checked. I am not aware about any mechanism available presently.
A trick with HTML (or SGML in general) tag and a comment, a browser plugin
(or manual operation over saved source), and a GPG signature over part of
the HTML file should do the job, with maintaining full backward
compatibility and no problems for the users not using this scheme.
It should be possible to make this HTML construction:
blah blah blah blah blah unsigned irrelevant part of the document, eg.
headers and sidebars which change with the site design
 comments are used to hide the signature from the user in
standard browsers.
The scheme is designed to allow signing only parts of documents, so they
could be published in fast-changing environments like blogs or on
dynamically generated pages, and to have many different signed parts on
one page. It should also allow manual checking of the signature, eg. by
curl  | gpg --verify
Feel free to use the idea if it is good.
Opinions, comments?

@_date: 2003-11-22 14:24:48
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Idea: GPG signatures within HTML - problem with inline 
There is a problem with images and other inline objects. There is a
solution, too.
The objects included into the document can get their hash calculated and
included in their tag; eg,
The tag has to be in the signed part of the document, so the hash can't be
tampered with.
Full digital signatures should be possible as well, eg.
some HTML code here
This way doesn't depend on the part of the document being signed, as the
signature can't be effectively tampered with undetected anyway.
Same scheme could be used in  tags, allowing automated checking of
signatures or hashes of downloaded binary files.

@_date: 2003-12-13 03:58:43
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Anti-globalization 
Just pay them to decorate their unfairly lovely landscapes with
king-sized billboards.
*Poof!* Beauty gone, problem solved.

@_date: 2003-12-12 20:28:13
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Idea: Using GPG signatures for SSL certificates 
^^^^^^^^ - cute :) Though I am more often called Shaddup.
By "compromised" I meant "the signature confirming the authenticity of the
certificate can't be trusted anymore". Sorry if it wasn't obvious.
I am aware of this.
Using the GPG/SSL approach, you can have your own in-house CA for SSL
purposes, and at the same time be able to prove to external users that the
certificate is really yours. One more factor for establishing trust, one
more obstacle for the Adversary to pass.
It won't buy me anything "new". It only strengthens the confidence level
by providing a CA-independent, alternative method of verifying the
What I'd like is one more button, "Attempt to verify by GPG". Though that
can be easily done by an external application; browser integration is
nothing more than mere comfort.
YES! Which is what I want to achieve.

@_date: 2003-12-12 02:18:30
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Is Matel Stalinist? - semi-offtopic note 
Sales tracking software relevant quote from Risks Digest 22.05:
I've been working on an old car, in the process of removing the spot welds I
needed a specific sized bullet tipped drill bit. The bit would only last
about 5 welds and I had hundreds to do.  The only place I could find locally
to buy the bits was in a pack of 15 various size bits at the local home
So, over the period of three months, I purchased all of their drill sets,
every weekend (usually 3 sets).  Now I have disassembled the old car and
don't need more bits. The last time I was in the home center they had so
many of these drill bit sets that they were overflowing on to the floor.

@_date: 2003-12-13 03:58:43
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Anti-globalization 
Just pay them to decorate their unfairly lovely landscapes with
king-sized billboards.
*Poof!* Beauty gone, problem solved.

@_date: 2003-12-11 23:53:15
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: interesting pattern 
It's a test if you aren't running an open proxy. Its purpose is antispam.

@_date: 2003-12-11 23:53:15
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: interesting pattern 
It's a test if you aren't running an open proxy. Its purpose is antispam.

@_date: 2003-12-12 04:28:18
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Stego worm 
That's true. However, you can be immortalized even if your identity isn't
known; you can be known under a nym "unknown creator of the StegoWorm".
Besides, even Unknown Soldiers sometimes get statues. :)
Only the ones who use it to store documents in images on read-write media.
The files in transit and on read-only wouldn't be corrupted.
Speaking of storing data... the best for stego are big not-too-compressed
or uncompressed files. Occassionally playing in a garage band or having a
DV camera could be a good cover for having disks full of the only copies
of WAV and video files, where no "virgin" versions are available for
comparison for bit-level changes. Decreasing prices of DV camcorders could
be helpful here.

@_date: 2003-12-12 04:28:18
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Stego worm 
That's true. However, you can be immortalized even if your identity isn't
known; you can be known under a nym "unknown creator of the StegoWorm".
Besides, even Unknown Soldiers sometimes get statues. :)
Only the ones who use it to store documents in images on read-write media.
The files in transit and on read-only wouldn't be corrupted.
Speaking of storing data... the best for stego are big not-too-compressed
or uncompressed files. Occassionally playing in a garage band or having a
DV camera could be a good cover for having disks full of the only copies
of WAV and video files, where no "virgin" versions are available for
comparison for bit-level changes. Decreasing prices of DV camcorders could
be helpful here.

@_date: 2003-12-12 00:10:24
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Stego worm 
It's unknown to which extent the Adversary can detect presence of
steganography in images being sent over the Net.
But whatever capabilities they have, they can be jammed.
Imagine a worm that spreads from machine to machine, and on the infected
machine it finds all suitable JPEG files, generates some random data as
source and encrypts them with random key, and stegoes them into the files.
In few days or even hours, a sizeable portion of images on the Net
contains potentially detectable stegoed encrypted data.
Any Chinese want to get immortalized in Internet history?

@_date: 2003-12-12 00:10:24
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Stego worm 
It's unknown to which extent the Adversary can detect presence of
steganography in images being sent over the Net.
But whatever capabilities they have, they can be jammed.
Imagine a worm that spreads from machine to machine, and on the infected
machine it finds all suitable JPEG files, generates some random data as
source and encrypts them with random key, and stegoes them into the files.
In few days or even hours, a sizeable portion of images on the Net
contains potentially detectable stegoed encrypted data.
Any Chinese want to get immortalized in Internet history?

@_date: 2003-12-12 02:18:30
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Is Matel Stalinist? - semi-offtopic note 
Sales tracking software relevant quote from Risks Digest 22.05:
I've been working on an old car, in the process of removing the spot welds I
needed a specific sized bullet tipped drill bit. The bit would only last
about 5 welds and I had hundreds to do.  The only place I could find locally
to buy the bits was in a pack of 15 various size bits at the local home
So, over the period of three months, I purchased all of their drill sets,
every weekend (usually 3 sets).  Now I have disassembled the old car and
don't need more bits. The last time I was in the home center they had so
many of these drill bit sets that they were overflowing on to the floor.

@_date: 2003-12-12 20:28:13
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Idea: Using GPG signatures for SSL certificates 
^^^^^^^^ - cute :) Though I am more often called Shaddup.
By "compromised" I meant "the signature confirming the authenticity of the
certificate can't be trusted anymore". Sorry if it wasn't obvious.
I am aware of this.
Using the GPG/SSL approach, you can have your own in-house CA for SSL
purposes, and at the same time be able to prove to external users that the
certificate is really yours. One more factor for establishing trust, one
more obstacle for the Adversary to pass.
It won't buy me anything "new". It only strengthens the confidence level
by providing a CA-independent, alternative method of verifying the
What I'd like is one more button, "Attempt to verify by GPG". Though that
can be easily done by an external application; browser integration is
nothing more than mere comfort.
YES! Which is what I want to achieve.

@_date: 2003-12-12 03:20:51
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: Using GPG signatures for SSL certificates 
The problem that makes me feel uneasy about SSL is the vulnerability
of the certification authorities; when they get compromised, everything
they signed gets compromised too.
However, the system could be for some applications potentially get
hardened to certain degree, using the web-of-trust approach.
The server presents its certificate to the client. The client then can
optionally request the GPG signature of the certificate from the server
either by always trying if it is there or only if its presence is
indicated in the certificate data fields, and verify it by the specified
GPG public key (which then can be firmly embedded in the web of trust).
The server's key may be stored on the server itself together with the
certificate signature file, or the signature file may indicate the
keyserver it should be fetched from. Being signed by several trusted keys
is crucial for this purpose, as otherwise it would be trivial to
compromise the GPG pubkey together with the signature and the SSL
certificate, if the adversary gets access to the server and manages to
compromise the CA (risk especially with in-house CAs, or when Agencies get
The clients should cache the server's authentication information, and
report any changes, like SSH does.
The location of the signature may vary; it can be stored in a default
place on the server ( or
the location can be specified in a X509 field.
Is it a good idea? Could it fly? If not, why?

@_date: 2003-12-12 03:20:51
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: Using GPG signatures for SSL certificates 
The problem that makes me feel uneasy about SSL is the vulnerability
of the certification authorities; when they get compromised, everything
they signed gets compromised too.
However, the system could be for some applications potentially get
hardened to certain degree, using the web-of-trust approach.
The server presents its certificate to the client. The client then can
optionally request the GPG signature of the certificate from the server
either by always trying if it is there or only if its presence is
indicated in the certificate data fields, and verify it by the specified
GPG public key (which then can be firmly embedded in the web of trust).
The server's key may be stored on the server itself together with the
certificate signature file, or the signature file may indicate the
keyserver it should be fetched from. Being signed by several trusted keys
is crucial for this purpose, as otherwise it would be trivial to
compromise the GPG pubkey together with the signature and the SSL
certificate, if the adversary gets access to the server and manages to
compromise the CA (risk especially with in-house CAs, or when Agencies get
The clients should cache the server's authentication information, and
report any changes, like SSH does.
The location of the signature may vary; it can be stored in a default
place on the server ( or
the location can be specified in a X509 field.
Is it a good idea? Could it fly? If not, why?

@_date: 2003-12-14 06:38:19
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Patriot Ants (was: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings) 
Two moves possible.
The violent, far less effective and possibly somehow counterproductive
one: attacking the ones who enforce the measurement, by letal or nonlethal
means, to act as deterrent.
The nonviolent one: developing and deploying the technology necessary for
underground clinics to provide higher quality service, and for their
clients to find, order and pay for the services without being likely to
trace down by the Whateveriscurrentlythelaw Enforcement. Causing bad press
for them, keeping public awareness that alternatives to the law-compliance
exist. Learning from countries with similar bans in action, both from the
present and from history, how the alternatives developed there, and
building on this knowledge.
Direct attack is not always the best route, however tempting. A house can
be brought down from the outside by a bomb, or from the inside by white
ants. Insect survival strategies are distributed and largely successful; I
am pretty sure we can learn a lot from there. One "Patriot Ant" doesn't
have to fight in any big way, doing heroic deeds or big sacrifices; enough
people who just provide "samizdat" for few friends, know what files to
mirror, when to look away, what to be "unable to remember" when questioned
by the Authorities, who know the newsbits that aren't officially reported
and tell their friends can make big difference. The strength of Patriot
Ants isn't in their individual strength, they don't make headlines - they
just eat the System from the inside, one bite at time.

@_date: 2003-12-14 06:38:19
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Patriot Ants (was: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings) 
Two moves possible.
The violent, far less effective and possibly somehow counterproductive
one: attacking the ones who enforce the measurement, by letal or nonlethal
means, to act as deterrent.
The nonviolent one: developing and deploying the technology necessary for
underground clinics to provide higher quality service, and for their
clients to find, order and pay for the services without being likely to
trace down by the Whateveriscurrentlythelaw Enforcement. Causing bad press
for them, keeping public awareness that alternatives to the law-compliance
exist. Learning from countries with similar bans in action, both from the
present and from history, how the alternatives developed there, and
building on this knowledge.
Direct attack is not always the best route, however tempting. A house can
be brought down from the outside by a bomb, or from the inside by white
ants. Insect survival strategies are distributed and largely successful; I
am pretty sure we can learn a lot from there. One "Patriot Ant" doesn't
have to fight in any big way, doing heroic deeds or big sacrifices; enough
people who just provide "samizdat" for few friends, know what files to
mirror, when to look away, what to be "unable to remember" when questioned
by the Authorities, who know the newsbits that aren't officially reported
and tell their friends can make big difference. The strength of Patriot
Ants isn't in their individual strength, they don't make headlines - they
just eat the System from the inside, one bite at time.

@_date: 2003-12-15 09:07:46
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Don't worry...it's just one of Saddam's doubles 
It made it to the evening news. Which I missed (my info was from the news
at noon), and caught only this morning in the evening news rerun.
They just delayed it. Most likely timezone stuff. Local news take their
material from the standard newsfeeds; though it's fun to watch who
includes what details and how the spin differs by station. (Does anybody
here know if it's possible to receive the raw APTN and Reuters satellite
newsfeeds, and how?)
Local political scene was much less than homogenous in this issue. The
quarrels around it were quite amusing to watch (though it all boiled down
into if it will be better to kiss American ass or the European one, or,
better, if there isn't a way how to kiss both of them at once).
You don't know local administration. The troops can consider themselves
lucky if they get official thank you.

@_date: 2003-12-15 09:07:46
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Don't worry...it's just one of Saddam's doubles 
It made it to the evening news. Which I missed (my info was from the news
at noon), and caught only this morning in the evening news rerun.
They just delayed it. Most likely timezone stuff. Local news take their
material from the standard newsfeeds; though it's fun to watch who
includes what details and how the spin differs by station. (Does anybody
here know if it's possible to receive the raw APTN and Reuters satellite
newsfeeds, and how?)
Local political scene was much less than homogenous in this issue. The
quarrels around it were quite amusing to watch (though it all boiled down
into if it will be better to kiss American ass or the European one, or,
better, if there isn't a way how to kiss both of them at once).
You don't know local administration. The troops can consider themselves
lucky if they get official thank you.

@_date: 2003-12-15 02:33:53
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Don't worry...it's just one of Saddam's doubles 
If I don't remember incorrectly, they said something about identifying him
by DNA testing. But it wasn't widely quoted in the mainstream news. So
even if it really is him - they may still claim he isn't the real McCoy if
the insurgency won't stop.
The timing is definitely weird. Too soon before the Elections.
But there is still the backup, the Lost TV Star, also known as Ossama;
whether They intend to announce capturing him, or whether he will be
claimed responsible for Something Scary in a psyops attempt to make the
voters more susceptible to the beat of the Homeland Security drums.

@_date: 2003-12-15 02:33:53
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Don't worry...it's just one of Saddam's doubles 
If I don't remember incorrectly, they said something about identifying him
by DNA testing. But it wasn't widely quoted in the mainstream news. So
even if it really is him - they may still claim he isn't the real McCoy if
the insurgency won't stop.
The timing is definitely weird. Too soon before the Elections.
But there is still the backup, the Lost TV Star, also known as Ossama;
whether They intend to announce capturing him, or whether he will be
claimed responsible for Something Scary in a psyops attempt to make the
voters more susceptible to the beat of the Homeland Security drums.

@_date: 2003-12-15 04:33:28
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: Simplified TEMPEST-shielded unit (speculative proposal) 
TEMPEST shielding is fairly esoteric (at least for non-EM-specialists)
field. But potentially could be made easier by simplifying the problem.
If we won't want to shield the user interface (eg. we want just a
cryptographic processor), we may put the device into a solid metal case
without holes, battery-powered, with the seams in the case covered with
eg. adhesive copper tape. The input and output can be mediated by fibers,
whose ports can be the only holes, fraction of millimeter in diameter,
carefully shielded, in the otherwise seamless well-grounded box. There are
potential cooling problems, as there are no ventilation holes in the
enclosure; this can be alleviated by using one side of the box as a large
passive cooler, eventually with an externally mounted fan with separate
power supply. If magnetic shielding is required as well, the box could be
made of permalloy or other material with similar magnetic properties.
I am not sure how to shield a display. Maybe taking an LCD, bolting it on
the shielded box, and cover it with a fine wire mesh and possibly
metalized glass? Using LCD with high response time of the individual
pixels also dramatically reduces the value of eventual optical emissions.
I also have doubts about the keyboard. Several ideas that could help: We
may use optical scanning of the key matrix, with the light fed into and
read from the matrix by optical fibers, coming out from a well-shielded
enclosure, similar to the I/O lines of the first example. We may use a
"normal" keyboard, but modified to use reliably random scanning pattern;
that won't reduce the EM emissions of the keyboard, but effectively
encrypts them, dramatically reducing their intelligence value. It's then
necessary to take precautions about the data cable between the keyboard
itself and the computer, where the data go through in plaintext; it's
possible to encrypt it, or to use a fiber.
As really good shielding of complicated cases is difficult to achieve, the
primary objective of this approach is to put everything into simple
metallic boxes with as few and as small ports as possible, which should be
comparatively easy to manufacture, replacing the special contacting of
removable panels with disposable adhesive copper tape (the only reason to
go inside is replacing batteries, and the tape together with other
measures may serve as tamperproofing), and replacement of all potentially
radiating external data connections with fiber optic.
I should disclaim I have nothing that could vaguely resemble any deeper
knowledge of high frequencies; therefore I lay out the idea here and
wonder if anyone can see holes in it (and where they are).

@_date: 2003-12-15 04:33:28
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: Simplified TEMPEST-shielded unit (speculative proposal) 
TEMPEST shielding is fairly esoteric (at least for non-EM-specialists)
field. But potentially could be made easier by simplifying the problem.
If we won't want to shield the user interface (eg. we want just a
cryptographic processor), we may put the device into a solid metal case
without holes, battery-powered, with the seams in the case covered with
eg. adhesive copper tape. The input and output can be mediated by fibers,
whose ports can be the only holes, fraction of millimeter in diameter,
carefully shielded, in the otherwise seamless well-grounded box. There are
potential cooling problems, as there are no ventilation holes in the
enclosure; this can be alleviated by using one side of the box as a large
passive cooler, eventually with an externally mounted fan with separate
power supply. If magnetic shielding is required as well, the box could be
made of permalloy or other material with similar magnetic properties.
I am not sure how to shield a display. Maybe taking an LCD, bolting it on
the shielded box, and cover it with a fine wire mesh and possibly
metalized glass? Using LCD with high response time of the individual
pixels also dramatically reduces the value of eventual optical emissions.
I also have doubts about the keyboard. Several ideas that could help: We
may use optical scanning of the key matrix, with the light fed into and
read from the matrix by optical fibers, coming out from a well-shielded
enclosure, similar to the I/O lines of the first example. We may use a
"normal" keyboard, but modified to use reliably random scanning pattern;
that won't reduce the EM emissions of the keyboard, but effectively
encrypts them, dramatically reducing their intelligence value. It's then
necessary to take precautions about the data cable between the keyboard
itself and the computer, where the data go through in plaintext; it's
possible to encrypt it, or to use a fiber.
As really good shielding of complicated cases is difficult to achieve, the
primary objective of this approach is to put everything into simple
metallic boxes with as few and as small ports as possible, which should be
comparatively easy to manufacture, replacing the special contacting of
removable panels with disposable adhesive copper tape (the only reason to
go inside is replacing batteries, and the tape together with other
measures may serve as tamperproofing), and replacement of all potentially
radiating external data connections with fiber optic.
I should disclaim I have nothing that could vaguely resemble any deeper
knowledge of high frequencies; therefore I lay out the idea here and
wonder if anyone can see holes in it (and where they are).

@_date: 2003-12-29 19:53:47
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: unsub from lne 
It's fairly possible the mail was rejected even before the SMTP
negotiation itself; it did little problems to me because of HELO string
not exactly matching the reverse DNS lookup on the IP.
The logs (or the bounce message) have the answer.

@_date: 2003-12-29 19:53:47
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: unsub from lne 
It's fairly possible the mail was rejected even before the SMTP
negotiation itself; it did little problems to me because of HELO string
not exactly matching the reverse DNS lookup on the IP.
The logs (or the bounce message) have the answer.

@_date: 2003-12-29 18:58:03
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: unsub from lne 
Another alternative could be a couple lines of PHP or perl, unsubscribing
via a web form.
On related note, what's a good node to migrate to?
PS: Thanks, Eric. It was a good node.

@_date: 2003-12-29 18:58:03
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: unsub from lne 
Another alternative could be a couple lines of PHP or perl, unsubscribing
via a web form.
On related note, what's a good node to migrate to?
PS: Thanks, Eric. It was a good node.

@_date: 2004-01-11 03:05:36
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Spam filter / killfile rule 
There is a problem here how to killfile (or spamfilter) the more repeated
nothing-saying posts without losing also his good stuff as the collateral
The good ruleset could be (translate to the syntax of whatever you use):
Sender: timcmay
Body contains: smoke
Body contains: chimneys
A specifically tweaked Bayesian filter could be maybe an option too.

@_date: 2004-01-07 05:37:53
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Small embedded computer board? (SLD PXA 255 DIMM) 
I was considering this avenue as well. Would be something between good and
perfect, but the cost is prohibitive :(
Also, there are security concerns with multi-purpose devices, as they are
more complicated and more prone to exploitation; secure devices should
have as few functions as possible without impairing the usability.
Another concern is the ease of use. PDA interface is for high-tech-skilled
users. A secure telephone shouldn't be significantly more difficult to use
than a standard telephone.
If a device has to be mass-accepted, it has to be simple and cheap. Which
is why I look for cores for embeddable computer cores, like the PXA one.
Thanks a lot for the suggestion, though. Implementations running on Zaurus
could be a way to cover another segment of the secure telephony market. :)

@_date: 2004-01-02 03:44:45
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Or a few-dollar fermentation tanks with suitable bacteria, once its genome
is tweaked in required way. Who ever said that the nanoparticles we need
can't be proteins or organic molecules with required shape/properties? If
viral particles can self-assemble from host-cell-synthetized proteins, if
complicated structures like bacterial propulsion systems - or even whole
plants - can be formed, why not nanomechanical systems? Why bother with
assembling machines when they could be grown?
I hope I didn't screw up my understanding of "nanosynthesis". If it is
"build anything you want by telling the general assembler", then this
won't work and would need a lab; but for mass-producing nnoparticles, eg.
surface coatings or elements for camera or memory arrays, biotech should
be good enough.

@_date: 2004-01-02 03:44:45
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Or a few-dollar fermentation tanks with suitable bacteria, once its genome
is tweaked in required way. Who ever said that the nanoparticles we need
can't be proteins or organic molecules with required shape/properties? If
viral particles can self-assemble from host-cell-synthetized proteins, if
complicated structures like bacterial propulsion systems - or even whole
plants - can be formed, why not nanomechanical systems? Why bother with
assembling machines when they could be grown?
I hope I didn't screw up my understanding of "nanosynthesis". If it is
"build anything you want by telling the general assembler", then this
won't work and would need a lab; but for mass-producing nnoparticles, eg.
surface coatings or elements for camera or memory arrays, biotech should
be good enough.

@_date: 2004-01-06 20:07:55
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: WiFi Repeater? 
I can't be considered an expert on this technology, so probably there is
another, much simpler solution.
The first idea (and so far the only one) I got is to use a pair of
wireless access points, eg, DWL-900AP+ ones (the only ones I have
experience with so far); if I'd have a pair of these, I'd configure one to
access the hotspot, and connect it by a crossover Ethernet cable with the
other one, configured to be on another channel and use WEP and to be
accessible only by you.

@_date: 2004-01-06 20:07:55
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: WiFi Repeater? 
I can't be considered an expert on this technology, so probably there is
another, much simpler solution.
The first idea (and so far the only one) I got is to use a pair of
wireless access points, eg, DWL-900AP+ ones (the only ones I have
experience with so far); if I'd have a pair of these, I'd configure one to
access the hotspot, and connect it by a crossover Ethernet cable with the
other one, configured to be on another channel and use WEP and to be
accessible only by you.

@_date: 2004-01-07 05:37:53
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Small embedded computer board? (SLD PXA 255 DIMM) 
I was considering this avenue as well. Would be something between good and
perfect, but the cost is prohibitive :(
Also, there are security concerns with multi-purpose devices, as they are
more complicated and more prone to exploitation; secure devices should
have as few functions as possible without impairing the usability.
Another concern is the ease of use. PDA interface is for high-tech-skilled
users. A secure telephone shouldn't be significantly more difficult to use
than a standard telephone.
If a device has to be mass-accepted, it has to be simple and cheap. Which
is why I look for cores for embeddable computer cores, like the PXA one.
Thanks a lot for the suggestion, though. Implementations running on Zaurus
could be a way to cover another segment of the secure telephony market. :)

@_date: 2004-01-07 00:50:48
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Small embedded computer board? (SLD PXA 255 DIMM) 
Take a look at the DIMM modules.
Looks like a good candidate for a battery-powered portable VoIP/GSM
encrypted cellphone. Add a GPRS modem or a cellphone (or, for landline
version, a modem), a small display/keyboard, and eg. SpeakFreely with
suitable session key handshake, stir, serve warm.
Does it look like an usable way to have open and reasonably cheap
($160+cellphone+some parts around) portable secure telephone platform?
Does anybody here have any experience with embedded computer hardware,
who could confirm or deny this kind of hardware as bearing hope for this

@_date: 2004-01-07 00:50:48
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Small embedded computer board? (SLD PXA 255 DIMM) 
Take a look at the DIMM modules.
Looks like a good candidate for a battery-powered portable VoIP/GSM
encrypted cellphone. Add a GPRS modem or a cellphone (or, for landline
version, a modem), a small display/keyboard, and eg. SpeakFreely with
suitable session key handshake, stir, serve warm.
Does it look like an usable way to have open and reasonably cheap
($160+cellphone+some parts around) portable secure telephone platform?
Does anybody here have any experience with embedded computer hardware,
who could confirm or deny this kind of hardware as bearing hope for this

@_date: 2004-01-11 03:05:36
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Spam filter / killfile rule 
There is a problem here how to killfile (or spamfilter) the more repeated
nothing-saying posts without losing also his good stuff as the collateral
The good ruleset could be (translate to the syntax of whatever you use):
Sender: timcmay
Body contains: smoke
Body contains: chimneys
A specifically tweaked Bayesian filter could be maybe an option too.

@_date: 2004-02-15 22:24:58
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Humorous Airport DoS (from cryptogram) 
Chemicals that aren't detected themselves but undergo slow change
(oxidation, hydrolysis...) to the ones that trigger the detectors
(including but not limited to the dogs) bear a lot of potential too. I
remmember an incident in a friend's school couple years ago, with some
crystalline stuff that hydrolyzed to (I think ethyl-) mercaptan.
A bottle of a detergent the janitors use for floor cleaning could be
contaminated with something similar as well. Imagine the puzzled dogs the
next days. Those cute little ones occassionally used for sniffing drugs
could look especially funny.

@_date: 2004-02-08 05:07:34
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Seven years jail, $150,000 fine if you don't tell the world 
Does it apply only to domains registered through US companies? Does it
apply to out-of-country people (eg. if I register a .com site in Europe,
with false (or, better said, privacy-compliant) contact information, could
I be jailed if I'd visit the USA, or be extradited there)? Does it apply
to domains registered through a "trust", where the registering person is
offshore, not a subject to US law, while the end user is merely the one to
whose machines the A and MX records point to? What if the machines are
also offshore, with just the services leased to their user? What about
domain registrars of foreign countries, eg. Korea or Hong Kong?
Due to the global nature of the Internet, this proposal has more holes
than a pound of Swiss cheese and any technically minded person would laugh
it off.
Which, due to the nature of politicos, makes it more likely to pass.

@_date: 2004-02-13 15:36:56
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: FCC vs decentralization 
Wondering a little.
FCC recently mandated fees for Internet radio "broadcasters", based on the
number of listeners. However, there are emergent technologies for P2P
broadcasting, where some of the clients act as broadcasters themselves,
"retranslating" the stream. This way it may not be technically possible
for the broadcaster itself to know the number of listeners -> impossible
to assess the fees -> impossible to getting reliably proved the number of
listeners to. What can happen then?
Similar with FCC decency rules they recently tightened after the
"Superbowl Boob Incident". How can the FCC execute their jurisdiction over
a distributed struture, where there is no official registered owner of the
station? Can they go after the volunteering DJs, or after the listeners?
How would look a good, decentralized structure for allowing pseudonymous
IP stream "broadcast" with minimal resources, the ultimate Internet Pirate
Radio station?

@_date: 2004-03-19 00:02:15
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: chatroom conversation turing computable 
Wondering how it will cope with phonetic English, so often used online.
Kids with 100% correct English are not exactly common these days.
Will its own perfection become its weakness?

@_date: 2004-03-14 20:11:29
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [p2p-hackers] Ideas for an opensource Skype lookalike (fwd from 
I think I suggested it already somewhere. Use Jabber. Use Jabber ID
instead of the phone number.
This, if properly standardized, may open a way for small-scale third-party
services, PSTN-to-VOIP gateways. Pay a small sum, get a phone number
mapped to your Jabber ID, eg. in the scheme
[+country-prefix][local-number-with-PABX][extension], where [extension] is
mapped to the VoIP ID. That way, one person with one (or more) Jabber ID
could be reachable on multiple phone numbers in multiple countries, local
call in each of them.
Maybe could be done as an extension for Jabber protocol, or maybe as
"in-band" (so if you won't have a compatible Jabber client, you'd get the
connection request in plaintext on your screen, kind of like what you'd
get with "nc -l -p 80" instead of running a webserver); this would have
the advantage of being able to run as a proxy between a client of your
choice and the Jabber server.
I thought about a Jabber proxy that could launch SpeakFreely with
specified parameters if being asked to. Do the connection negotiations
over Jabber: request connection, be offered the capabilities (protocol to
use, codecs, encryption algorithms...), pick your choices, then the
proxies on both sides launch SpeakFreely (or other program of your
choice) with the required parameters (eg, direct connection, if to use a
reflector (and what one) when both are behind NAT, who initiates the
connection when only one is behind NAT, ...).
Other possibility is to not act as a proxy at all, but be just another
"Jabber resource" (as I think you can be connected from multiple places at
once with the same JID but different resource, but I don't really know
enough about it to be sure it's viable and how well it will play with the
clients already in the wild), and run as a separate client.

@_date: 2004-03-02 08:26:52
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: opportunistic TCP-level crypto 
There is plenty of space available in the form of (normally unused)
payload of TCP SYN, SYN/ACK, and ACK packets. Could they be used to
announce the intention/capabilities for an encrypted connection,
eventually serve for authenticating the connection?
This way there would be virtually no overheads in the connection in the
case one of the sides doesn't offer opportunistic crypto; the packet
payload data would get ignored in that case.
For UDP connections, handshake using ICMP packets in a ping-like scenario
could be possible; send ICMP_ECHO_REQUEST to the server with the payload
containing a handshake request. If the ICMP_ECHO_REPLY returned contains
the handshake acknowledge, proceed, otherwise assume the server doesn't
speak our dialect of OE.
Opinions, comments? Why this wouldn't work?

@_date: 2004-03-02 06:09:37
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [Users] Announce: FreeS/WAN Project Ending 
"Majority" as in number of employees, or as in count? Do mom-and-pop shops
count as companies? Do we count majority as a share of all companies, or
only as a share of some-kind-of-a-VPN users?

@_date: 2004-03-02 02:49:47
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [Users] Announce: FreeS/WAN Project Ending 
Is there anybody with enough organizational/leadership skills to take over
the project, preferably located further away of the US influence than
Canada is? Export policies are relevant only when enforceable.
That could be relieved, given developers and skilled leadership.
Again, this can be relieved, given the developers.
I maintain a small conglomerate of private and corporate networks. We use
FreeS/WAN quite extensively, with great success - in last 2 years we had
no drop-out caused by the crypto infrastructure fault. No attempt for
opportunistic crypto on the IP level, though, at least not yet.
It was a good project. Hope somebody picks up the torch and keeps it
burning, possibly even brighter.

@_date: 2004-03-17 15:20:55
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Saving Opportunistic Encryption 
I discussed it with friends. There could be a way to advertise the OE
availability, at least for TCP connections; my original idea was to use
some magic number in the payload (which is normally zero) in the TCP/SYN
and TCP/SYNACK packets. I was advised against this, as these packets are
likely to be thrown away, and got suggested that there are various TCP
options in the header. Maybe we could hijack one of them, eg. use the MD5
checksum option otherwise used by BGP (RFC 2385) to advertise our support
for OE. The field is 128 bits of data we can use for a magic number and a
bitfield of options. It is defined in RFCs, so it should be valid. We
could put it into TCP/SYN packets when opening a connection, to advertise
we support OE; the server then can use the same mechanism to send back
confirmation of its OE support, and the method (if present) that can be
used for authenticating its identity.
The disadvantage is that we still have some risk that some routers will
throw such packets away; see the problems eg. ECN has. However, some RFC
offers a remedy for this, as it defines that if the first TCP/SYN with ECN
support set doesn't get a SYNACK, the retry is WITHOUT the ECN offer.
(This principle introduces the possibility of failure to use OE if the SYN
packet with the OE (or the corresponding ACK) offer gets dropped due to
congestion, but it should introduce no additional overheads (except the
need to retry TCP/SYN in case it gets dropped due to non-RFC-compliant
infrastructure on the link).
Another disadvantage is that we don't protect UDP, due to lack of the
header options.
The advantage could be the possibility to implement this transparently on
eg. the firmware of a NAT box; it has to track the connection states
anyway, so it should be capable of mangling the first TCP/SYN packet by
putting the OE offer in, and then strip it from the answers before
passing it back, and handle the encryption in transparent manner. This way
we got big savings in terms of effort needed to deploy OE between a
heterogenous LAN and the Net; just upgrade the router.
This scheme, as all OE are, is susceptible to an attack by stripping the
OE offers from the packets. It, however, is not the passive way anymore,
is more expensive, poses more difficulties, and a variant of eg.
"arpwatch" userspace daemon can alert us that something like that is
happening, that sites that used to use OE don't do so anymore, or that
their identities are suspiciously changed.
Told something like this to the crew of OpenSWAN developers. Got some
reaction, but it's too soon to know more.
Opinions, comments?

@_date: 2004-03-20 07:21:26
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Challenge-response port knocking for TCP 
The idea of advertising opportunistic crypto presence in TCP/SYN inspired
me to another one: authenticated connection handshake for TCP protocol.
Scenario: Application listening on port P of server S, only for
authenticated users.
Unknown user sends TCP/SYN to S:P, gets back TCP/RST, with challenge in
MD5 field of TCP options. The user doesn't support this scheme, so
considers the port closed.
Unknown-now known user sends TCP/SYN, gets back TCP/RST with the
challenge, sends another TCP/SYN, this time with calculated response using
a shared secret, again in TCP MD5 option field, gets back TCP/SYNACK.
The random challenge should be sent back in all TCP/RST packets, otherwise
port scanning will still be possible.
Is it a good idea? Could it work? Why not?

@_date: 2004-03-26 18:51:00
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
Local cops busted somebody who threatened to derail some trains if he
won't get paid. That's a common news.
Less common, and more important, detail that the TV news reported confirms
the suspicion I had from the beginning of deployment of the prepaid cards
technology for local payphones.
Each prepaid "Trick" phone card has its unique serial number. The payphone
reads it from the card. The busted person (let's call him "target") used
the same card for multiple phone calls, thus becoming the card's number
known as the target's temporary identity.
The interesting part was that the phone company knew in realtime when the
card was used - enough in real time to dispatch a police patrol car to the
Hence, the Trick cards can't be considered as anonymous as coins used to
be; at best, they can be used only as pseudonymous-identity tokens.
I strongly suspect the usage logs exist for individual cards, allowing to
back-trace the phonecalls done with the given card, thus tracing the
identity of the card's owner by the call patterns.
Suggested countermeasure: When true anonymity is requested, use the card
ONLY ONCE, then destroy it. Makes the calls rather expensive, but less
risky. Make sure you can't be traced back by other means, ranging from
surveillance cameras in the vicinity of the phone booths to the location
data from cellphones (because, as it's well-known but often overlooked,
the cellphone networks know the location of every active phone).
Wondering if there are any records of the UIDs for the cards paired with
the locations of the vendor outlets the cards were shipped to.

@_date: 2004-04-26 16:40:15
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Mask secures personal displays 
Question: if there is a goggle version, why not use a "real" wearable
display instead, eg, the kind by  ?

@_date: 2004-04-24 18:37:05
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: cop-proof disk drives 
That's true, but it's possible to get access to the key in memory. Once
the machine is compromised, the keys are leaked.
It's true that when the machine is compromised the plaintext data may be
leaked, but it's more difficult to inspect and transfer couple gigs of
data than just the key and then come and haul away the machine. Or to
compromise the encryption software itself. It's much more difficult to do
that with a hardware unit (and much more difficult if the case was eg.
spot-welded - you still can get inside using power tools, but not without
visibly damaging the case).
Another advantage of a pure-hardware solution is independence on software,
thus no risk of present nor future incompatiBILLities.
I'd suggest a m-of-n scheme because of reliability issues. It won't be
good to lose all data because one of the co-conspirators died in a car
A 802.11 standalone data storage unit (I think they're on sale already)
hidden under the floor, over the ceiling, or between the drywalls could do
the job nicely.
Reliability vs security is a big dilemma.
Maybe a good approach could be forgetting the key if the machine is moved
without telling the processor guarding the key that it should stop
watching a movement sensor for a given time interval, or after entering a
wrong (or kill-) PIN? A power blackout then won't affect the operation,
but switching the equipment off and hauling it away would destroy the
keys. Same as an attempt to bruteforce the access code, or opening the
machine case by force.

@_date: 2004-04-18 16:06:57
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Behavior pattern recognition 
Carnival Booth, anyone?
Besides, it's matter of time until the checklists "leak" and the
"adversaries" adjust their behavior accordingly. (What would be the next
move then?).
The "anyone observing security methods" is the funniest part. I am not
certain how one can avoid it, given the amount of time to kill that's
usually present on the airports (is killing time a terrorist act?) -
sooner or later all the tiles on the floor and the panels on the ceiling
are counted, and what's left to watch is the guards and the cameras.
Wouldn't it be less prone to false positives if they would optimize the
airport operations so people won't have to stay there long enough to get
bored and start noticing the security holes?

@_date: 2004-04-09 07:19:39
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Steve Brinich: The Criminal 
Dug this from my old archives, after finding out it vanished from the Net.
Decade-old, but more truthful than before.
May it provide some inspiration.
   Title: The Criminal
   Lyrics by: Steve Brinich
   Tune: The Idiot (Stan Rogers)
   Date: 1994
   Found online at:    Recorded on:
   Subject: Government
[This is one of my reactions to the US government's attacks on
freedom of electronic speech (I was thinking specifically about the
government's Big Brother wiretap/encryption policies, but it applies
equally well to the CDA and other such offenses.
As for the politicians who vote for these abuses -- alas, cutting out the
tongues of oathbreakers has gone out of fashion, so we will have to settle
for turning them out to find honest work. They're sneaky characters, but
groups such as the Voters' Telecom Watch, Electronic Frontier Foundation,
etc. do a fairly good job of monitoring the hired help in Washington and
sounding the alarm when they start getting out of line again.]
I log onto this homebrew Net where the Feds are not around
I've turned my back on Big Brother's track and made this open ground
I slip past the surveillance taps; the alarms will make no sound
I set up the link and I always think back to my old account
I remember back six years ago, this outlaw life I chose
When every day the news would say there's another rule to impose
Well, I could have stayed and just obeyed, but I'm not one of those
I'm remaining free, and that makes me a criminal, I suppose.
So I bid farewell to the tamed old Net I never more will see
But write I must, and I put my trust in human liberty
Oh, I miss support, and the GUI ports, and the realtime videos
But I like being free, and that makes me a criminal, I suppose.
So, come you fine young hackers all, to the cyber underground
This outlaw life's no paradise, but it's better than lying down
Oh, the interface isn't cut-and-paste, and the system's often down
But the government spies will set their eyes on a licensed Net account
So bid farewell to the tamed old Net you never more will see
Here your words will ship without censorship; there's real liberty
You'll miss the bells and the fancy shells; here we just have plain old prose
But you'll be free, and just like me, a criminal, I suppose.

@_date: 2004-04-13 12:18:13
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: On Killing Blaster 
Then the magic has to be in making the "bad" bits indistinguishable from
the "good" bits. Any crackdown that would have to net more than a
minuscule fraction of the "bad" ones would then take disproportionate
amount of false positives.
In effect, using the luser population of the Net as a human shield. At
least they will be finally good for something.
Dual-use technologies. Repurpose of "consumer-grade" off-the-shelf
devices. Shutting down all the PC hardware vendors would be too unpopular
move to pass. Microcontroller and FPGA suppliers are a bit different, as
there is less demand for them between the plebs, but both the vendors and
the customers would get pretty annoyed if somebody would try to pass such
measure. Not mentioning the adverse impact on "legitimate" innovation, the
suboptimal efficiency of such measure, and the vibrant black market
segment that would get created. Smuggled shipments of chips, black market
with software - but all this was already described in better or worse way
in many cyberpunk fiction books.
Use directional optical links? See eg.  for an
open-source one. Still possible to find and eavesdrop on, but much more
difficult than radio link, and outside of the jurisdiction of FCC.
Optionally, use technology that's so common it doesn't raise eyebrows;
Fry's is full of toys.
Recent developments in consumer wireless tech also allow some toys in the
area of "proximity computing" (as I call it). Just carry a PDA in your
pocket, sit for a while next to the right person, and then find the
required files in the PDA later. Nothing more than passing presence in the
same space without any visible interaction between the two people is
recorded in the security cams (and in eg. a subway it has not much meaning
anyway), no call records in the phone switchboards. Again, nothing that a
prepared adversary can't defeat, but as long as you're still under the
radar, you are likely to be missed by fishing expeditions.
We will need four things in the future: creative use (or non-use) of
available technology, knowledge of the Adversary, improvisation skills,
and - most important - luck.

@_date: 2004-04-17 12:55:39
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Anonymity vs reputation question 
Thinking about something, I found an interesting problem. It is possible
to set up a reputation-based system with nyms, where every nym is an
identity with attached reputation.
The problem is, a nym that exists for a long time can get its anonymity
partially or fully compromised. Abandonment of the nym and using a blank
one leads to loss of the reputation and related credibility.
Is it possible to have a system where nyms can share reputation without
divulging the links between them? That would allow the possibility of eg.
publishing as a "new" identity while still having the "weight" of an
already established seasoned professional.
I suppose this problem is already known and maybe even solved. Am I

@_date: 2004-04-17 18:35:49
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Idea: Offshore gambling as gateway between real and electronic money 
Adoption of anonymous e-money is to great degree hindered by the lack of
infrastructure to convert this currency to/from "meatspace" money.
However, there is possible a method, using offshore gambling companies.
There may be a special kind of "gamble", that looks from the "outside"
like regular betting, but where the participants to certain degree know
the betting results, allowing use of their "e-money" to gain insight into
the "game" - using "meatspace" money as a bet and "e-money" to buy the
knowledge of cards/numbers/whatever in the value of the e-money that
allows a sure win of that amount.
In other words: Without use of the e-money, the game is a "normal" game,
with appropriate probability of win. With the e-money, the player can buy
the 100%-certain win of a given value.
Conversely, a "rigged game" with 0%-probability of win could be used for
depositing the "real" money and converting them to "e-money".
Is this approach possible?
Is this approach feasible?
Where are the hidden problems there?

@_date: 2004-04-24 12:16:18
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap  push 
There is other possibility how to "beat" interrogation - suitable only for
some subsets of situations, when the organization design is prepared for
Tell them all. Tell them the truth. Make sure in advance that you can
afford to do it without telling them what they need/want to know - design
the system the way you won't be *able* to know the information that could
endanger the "important" parts of your system/organization.

@_date: 2004-04-23 20:07:23
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap    push 
Regarding filesystems, some time ago I came up with an idea of a
filesystem as a block device that has the filesystem handling code in its
bootblock area in a bytecode. Mount the fs, it reads the functions into
the interpreter's sandbox. Could be useful especially for read-only media
that would be using exotic encryption or compression algorithms, and
quick portability of them between various OSes; you have to develop only
the interpreter and the filesystem API for any OS in question, the rest
is on the medium itself.
I recently stumbled over an extremely interesting Linux project, "FUSE" -
filesystem in userspace. The fuse.o module serves as an interface between
the kernel and user space, relaying the filesystem-related calls. It's
quite robust approach, as any crash of the external filesystem code is in
userspace and is unlikely to take down the machine itself. Wondering if
something like that could be written for Windows. Would simplify a lot of
Somebody mentioned here the trick with KMnO4 and glycerol. I saw this
experiment in elementary school, where it was shown as a demonstration
that mixing "ordinary" things may give extraordinary results - it was
shown to light up a glob of magnesium shavings. A setup with a dongle
circuitboard covered with an insulating/protective varnish, a magnesium
strip attached over the memory chip (held in place by steel wire thick
enough to keep it there even while burning, for long enough to deliver
enough heat into the chip, or wrapped around the chip and the board), the
strip coated with caked permanganate, and a glass vial with glycerol in
the dongle's casing, could be usable for the field use - if you get enough
time to drop the dongle and step on it. Electrical ignition of the Mg
strip may be useful in the setups when the device is connected to home
security system or machine movement sensors.
A purely electronic system would have an advantage, though - could be
shipped much easier as it won't contain more "dangerous" components than a
lithium or silver-oxide cell. Maybe a microcontroller with a SRAM chip,
with the data stored as XORs of pairs of cells, and the micro periodically
inverting the pairs, to prevent the "remembering" in the SRAM cells after
a power-off? (Related question: are there any SRAM chips with smaller
capacity, that would have smaller case and smaller number of pins?)
Or replace the test dongles with test rig with a mechanically similar
chip; new serial EEPROMs in SMD casings can be bought for as cheap as
USD1/3-1/4, maybe even less. We don't need to completely obliterate the
chip; we need to heat it just enough to get the electrons from the
floating gates (maybe my terminology is wrong, but if you saw a pic of an
EEPROM or FEPROM cell, you are likely to know what I mean), get them over
the not-that-high energetical barrier so they can (and will) jump back and
forth freely, discharge the memory cells. Then not even the most expensive
atomic-level machinery can recover the original content. If the
temperature is enough to recrystallize the silicon at the chip surface, it
should have a rather wide safety margin. The casings of the SMD chips are
fairly thin - under a millimeter between the surface and the chip, so even
a relatively small strip should be enough. Tests can be done even with
discarded chips, as the remains aren't required (nor supposed) to be
functional anyway - they have to be examined by eg. optical microscopy.
Electron microscopy would be the best - but that's outside of the reach of
a "garage technician"; maybe an university or an industrial lab could be
hired or bribed to do the tests, though.

@_date: 2004-04-23 18:51:09
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap push 
This serves a purpose as well.
Why would you ever cooperate if you can't expect much from the deal

@_date: 2004-04-23 17:07:03
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: RE: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap  push 
Maybe there is also a third solution: a FPGA sitting on the IDE bus
between the disk and the controller (optionally as a PCI controller card),
realtime-encrypting the data with something suitably strong, eg. AES256,
with the key stored in a way that's easy to destroy it - most likely a
self-contained tamper-resistant device that forgets the key under a range
of conditions: if a wrong access code gets entered n times, if a door
sensor detects forced entry, if a kill-switch is pressed, if a machine is
moved without the correct movement-authorizing code is entered before,
anything that fits the threat model. The key itself can be destroyed
pyrotechically (burn, chip, burn), or just let a RAM forget it (where the
RAM may be a battery-backed microcontroller system which shuffles the bits
through a SRAM periodically in order to avoid problems with retention
after power-off; the algorithm then can be chosen in the way that makes it
more difficult to eavesdrop on the electromagnetical emissions and power
consumption variations - a lot of this problematics is already solved by
the secure-smartcards industry).
Optionally, backup of the code is possible in many forms, if the desired
safety/reliability requires recovery from accidental key erase. The key,
being just 256 bits, may be stored in myriads ways, including a m-of-n
scheme where the parts are stored in various places or under control of
different people. Serial EEPROM chips could be suitable as containers, as
they are easy to work with, small, easy to transport and hide; this
requires a degree of security-by-obscurity, but the possibility to require
m chips (or other containers) (which could be under control of other
people, including offshore entities) could alleviate this to certain

@_date: 2004-04-22 19:23:50
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap   push 
Or not - if you weren't who they thought and there really was nothing more
than the gay porn.
Innocents could be a good "cannon fodder" that can bring a lot of
backslash and alienation aganst the goons, stripping them from public
You are one of the few who are familiar with it.
Are there any decent implementations for Linux/BSD/NT? Some time ago I was
looking around for something (not necessarily stego, "standard"
single-layer encrypted filesystem would be enough) for removable media,
and would like to share them between machines running several operation
systems. Didn't manage to find anything usable. The requirements are
security, stability, and portability (at least read-only) between
There are magnesium rods on the camping market, sold as firestarters for
very bad weather. Very high temperature of burning, with proper mechanical
configuration (card strapped between two such rods?) could be enough to
melt the chip.
Maybe could be used together with some kind of break-and-shake chemical
ignition even for eg. the USB drives. Their casings typically have
considerable amount of space (few mm, enough for a Mg strip) over the chip
that carries the data themselves.
Which reminds me there are toilets designed for burning the waste using
propane burners or electrical heating elements. Could be possible to use
them as a basis for the "ultimate document shredder", if combined together
with a standard lower-security one, within $2000 total.

@_date: 2004-04-22 15:56:16
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap  push 
However, it's not entirely reliable. At some point, the suspect tells you
what you want to hear, whether or not it is the truth, just so you leave
him alone. It can even happen that the suspect convinces himself that what
he really did what he was supposed to do.
Of course, the solved-crimes statistics doesn't care about this subtle
This brings another ofren underestimated problem into the area of
cryptosystem design, the "rubberhose resistance".

@_date: 2004-04-28 18:32:19
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Fact checking 
It's already being done; it's called "political promises". The candidates
are usually pretty high on that stuff.
What won't hurt could be making them liable for their promises, as they
can be considered to be a contract with the voters. With specific
penalties for not delivering the results in the specified timeframe.

@_date: 2004-04-26 20:28:10
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Infrared flash? 
For bright flashes of visible light, xenon flash tubes are the choice.
But when I want a really bright flash on about 800-900 nm, what approach
is the best?
One application is a security camera taking a snapshot without alerting
the adversary with a flash. (Could be a good system against black-bag
jobs.) Another application, with higher flash frequency, could be a
stroboscope throwing the AGC circuits in cameras off-track,
What would be the best approach? The energies here are more in the range
of rotation/vibration changes than electrons jumping up and down between
the energy states. How to convert a blast of electrical energy into a
shower of near-IR photons?

@_date: 2004-05-23 20:26:12
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: welcoming computer viruses 
If it is a .vbs mail worm, or something similar that spreads as an
interpreted script, you can get your assurance about the worm's function
by examining its source code.
But every coin has two sides (and the so-often neglected edge) - it also
makes it easier to quickly create evil data-damaging versions of the worm.

@_date: 2004-05-09 21:49:40
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Can Skype be wiretapped by the authorities? (fwd from em@em.no-ip.com) 
Oh! There is a little misunderstanding here!
I proposed using Jabber for the presence/location/directory thing, and for
negotiation between the clients about what method to use, if they can do
direct peer-to-peer call or have to use a reflector (and what one), what
cipher and key to use, etc. - the Jabber protocol is rather unsuitable for
That's true - but it can be implemented with relative ease, with lots of
infrastructure already existing. Next generation of the system then can
be built atop this.
But it's closed-source and so can't be fully trusted :(

@_date: 2004-05-12 18:51:05
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: We're jamming, we're jamming, we hope you like jammin too 
Considering the transmitting powers of the tags, an active battery-powered
transmitter with a suitable antenna could have rather long range. A small
circuit with a battery could be magnetically attached to a car of a
selected "victim" and switched on after a delay, resulting in a mobile
jamming platform. Parking lots in front of the stores, where there is
often a direct line of sight between the cash registers and the cars, are
especially suitable for this kind of attack.
Interesting cultural reference that goes entirely above my head with a
cute swooshing sound.
Care to explain, please? :)
For personal defense, I came up with a similar, smaller-range and
lower-power idea:
Micropower RFID jammer
Very-low power passive/active jammer of passive RFID tags
Radiofrequency tags bring a wide variety of privacy-related concerns. A
semi-passive jammer may be an option to alleviate some of them.
The tags are powered from the electromagnetic field the reader irradiates
them with, then they transmit back on another frequency. The transmission
takes some time, I guess few milliseconds, and is detectable by a nearby
The tags are made in two kinds: "plain", and more advanced
collision-resistant ones. The first kind transmits blindly whenever
powered, repeating its signature over and over, which causes two tags
within the field of one reader to jam each other, as their responses get
mixed together. The second, more expensive kind, uses algorithms to avoid
the situation when two tags transmit at the same time, overlapping their
responses and making them difficult to recognize; most often detecting
another tag transmitting, and then going silent for random amount of time.
This behavior makes it possible to design a micropower jammer. The device
shall listen on the frequencies both the readers and the tags transmit on.
When the tag read attempt is detected, the device owner may be alerted -
by a LED, a sound, a vibration. Then when the device detects the tag's
attempt to answer, it broadcasts pulses looking like the answer of another
tag, forcing a collision and a misread into every answer. The tiny power
required for occassional transmitting of few very short pulses makes the
device unlikely to cause other kinds of trouble, while additionaly making
it less easy to be detected if declared illegal than "continuous" jammers.

@_date: 2004-05-17 00:34:13
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman question 
I have a standard implementation of OpenSSL, with Diffie-Hellman prime in
the SSL certificate. The DH cipher suite is enabled.
Is it safe to keep one prime there forever, or should I rather
periodically regenerate it? Why? If yes, what's some sane period to do so:
day, week, month?
If the adversary has a log of a passively intercepted DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA
secured SSL communication, presuming the ephemeral key was correctly
generated and disposed of after the transaction, will the eventual
physical retrieval of the DH prime (and the rest of the certificate) allow
him to decode the captured log?
I am rather inexperienced in this area, don't want to make a mistake, and
generation of 2048-bit primes is CPU-hungry enough to not decide to just
throw it in without a good reason.

@_date: 2004-05-19 16:35:44
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: RE: EU seeks quantum cryptography response to Echelon 
Hope the technology hits the streets fast enough after getting on the
market. Monyk apparently doesn't believe that people who don't have the
money to buy the Official Approval have no right to access to this
There are quite many important activities that don't require storage of
the transported data.
For example, very very few people record their phone calls.

@_date: 2004-05-28 00:03:40
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Satellite eavesdropping of 802.11b traffic 
No big dish should be needed for resolution. Radio astronomy is done by
arrays of smaller antennas. Precise measurement of relative position of
the satellites can be done about as well as with the antennas on the
ground. Smaller dishes in known distance should work as well. We should
also keep in mind that the high-sensitive receivers are cooled so they are
rather low-noise.

@_date: 2004-06-29 16:08:10
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Unregistered 
Found this on the Net couple years ago. Then it vanished. In the light of the INDUCE Act, or whatever it's called now, it is becoming quite Question for the crowd: In the setting described below, how could one perform a successful long-term disobedience?
Original URL: Downloaded Sep 1 2001

@_date: 2004-06-28 18:41:28
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
We have a large unwitting helpmate: the Media. Their primary motivation is the eyeballs, the Nielsen ratings; which can be exploited for Spreading The Word. Technology, while difficult to understand for mere mortals, together with its handlers, has its appeal - not entirely dissimilar to witchcraft of the Medieval Times; see the popularity of the topic of computer security breaches between journalists.
They will get it wrong. But Jane can be corrected; the important task for the Media is to make her aware about the possibility and get her to ask. At that stage, the incorrectness in the media reporting can be corrected.
If Jane becomes aware about at least a subset of the possibilities, the Media did their job.
It's not as wide as it should be. However, it's far from nonexistant; there are eg. alternative firmwares for DVD drives, with stripped zoning, firmwares for cellphones with removed operator lock, and many other I suppose the fundamental problem here is the lack of skilled-enough people, combined with closed technology; it's rather difficult to disassemble a program from binary, takes a lot of time and in many cases is impractical. Another problem is the technology the electronics is being manufactured now: everybody can work with 2.54mm DIL chips, not everybody can work with 0.125mm SMD chips, and only a selected few have access to technology necessary for BGA chips. :(
This could be partially offset by some hypothetical new generation of visual disassemblers, showing code not as an endless stream of instructions but as a graphical representation of the execution flow, perhaps using some tricks from atomic-level visualisation of huge and complex biochemical structures, eg. proteins and intracellular structures.
Another hope, closer and more realistic one, is in the emergence of smaller manufacturers, voluntarily opening their devices in the hope for market advantage (the Linksys box mentioned here may be a good example).
The remaining problem is the hardware level. Hopefully somebody with enough skills and a good idea appears (or perhaps already appeared) and designs a way how to make work with the tiny chips easier for a garage workshop; there are trends along this direction already, I saw a mention of a reflow oven for SMD boards, made of a toaster.
Never lose hope, and never stop doing things. If you can't solder, code. If you can't code cryptosystems, code tools. If you can't code at all, write articles and spread awareness. If you can't even write, talk with friends. If you don't have any suitable friends, at least read and learn yourself. Even an otherwise meaningless act may mean a lot if it comes at the "wrong" place and the "wrong" time.
See the "Patriot Ants" approach I mentioned couple weeks ago in the Zombie Patriots thread.

@_date: 2004-06-13 20:17:51
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: RE: [irtheory] War ain't beanbag. Irony is conserved. 
Then either the paradox is dead wrong, or there is something unclear on
the definition of what counts as "attack", as Clinton would say.
You can, but you have to have MUCH more superior strategy, and lots of
Weapons can mean a lot, but they are far from being everything.

@_date: 2004-06-14 20:45:11
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [osint] Assassination Plans Found On Internet 
It may be also a very cheap method of "attack". Don't spend any money on
material nor people; just send out an attack documentation in the clear
and watch the adversary jumping around, wasting their resources, and
getting their morale worn out a little bit more with every further false

@_date: 2004-06-17 10:52:30
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Low-elevation skymapping at 2.45 Ghz 
You could also use a stepper motor connected to the polar mount, and scan
the sky (or the city under the hill) automagically.
This could be interesting even in other bands. Could create some pretty
pictures. :)
Could it be possible to achieve the same without using a movable antenna?
Eg, by an antenna array and comparing phases of the arriving signals?

@_date: 2004-06-27 15:08:51
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
For this purpose, plain power-off should be enough.
The "RF fingerprinting" I mentioned earlier is a different grade of threat
though; against that, shielding is necessary.
There are two kinds of tags, active and passive. Active ones have their
own power supply on board and transmit on their own, passive ones need
external field to feed them with power.
A good thing could be a detector of the passive tag readers; similar to
car radar detectors, just on different frequencies.
A detector of active tag readers should be possible to design as well;
the receivers are usually designed on the superheterodyne principle, and
the leaks of their oscillators can be detected from distance. In some
countries/states police uses detectors of radar detectors working on this
principle, and there is also some project of advertisement corps to
receive the leaks from the car radios and figure out the major demography
of the population using a given road and set the "most suitable" face of
the billboards on that road for that particular target group. So the
technology is already out there, just has to be opensourced for public
Shame on my lack of RF skills necessary to do this :(((

@_date: 2004-06-27 14:51:26
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Many phones have such connectors used by car handsfree holders, in order
to use an antenna mounted externally on the vehicle instead of
transmitting from the handset into the partially open Faraday cage of the
RF-skilled people should have no problems adding such connectors to their
phones even if they aren't there from the factory.

@_date: 2004-06-27 13:58:33
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
You may cheat and use the geography, if suitable, to your advantage. Use a
high-gain antenna and bounce the signal off a suitable cliff or building.
Multipaths don't have to be enemies; pick a suitable one and use it as a
cover. The added advantage is fooling both the direction and the distance.

@_date: 2004-06-27 05:04:57
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Not that low power. (Though we maybe just disagree on the definition of
"low" here. But even then it's still pretty strong, when we compare a
several watts transmitter on a "cancer tower" half-mile away with a
transmitter of similar size, but couple hundreds miles away on the low
orbit. Which is largely compensated with the correlation methods used to
retrieve the GPS signal from under the noise floor, which is something
necessary to keep in mind when considering advanced jamming approaches;
mere output power comparisons don't have to be a reliable way when such
factors are in the game.)
If a J. Random Hacker with the necessary capabilities is within her reach,
the countermeasure is available to her regardless of her own tech skills.
With continuing outsourcing, there should be enough out of work engineers
available who are sufficiently hungry to risk working for the underground

@_date: 2004-06-27 04:38:38
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
If the phone is shielded, it can't transmit/receive, which makes it rather
useless. :(
There is one potential landmine as well; the inherent ability of any
device containing resonators to behave like a crude RFID tag. I heard
somewhere, and my memory may be failing, that it is possible to irradiate
the phone with the frequency of the cellular band, and it faintly
resonates and returns back its own echo, which has minute variations given
by type, manufacturing tolerances, and possibly age of the phone, giving
it a kind of unique signature. (This could potentially apply also to
radios and transceivers. Does anybody have any idea if it is possible to
do such kind of "active fingerprinting" of rf devices? This way it should
be possible to detect even powered-off devices like hidden transceivers or
body wires; take a transmitter, sweep the spectrum, and watch echoes on
the receiver - there could be peaks on the frequencies of the tuned
circuits inside the examined device.)
Question to RF heads here: could it work?

@_date: 2004-06-27 04:29:44
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
I am assuming here that the phone has a dual receiver, one of the GPS
signal and one of the cellular service itself. As both operate on
different frequencies, it should be possible to jam one while keep the
other's service intact. As we can feed the jamming signal right into the
antenna of the receiver which we can physically access, we can use very
very small powers, which lowers the chance of the jammer to interfere with
other devices we perhaps would like to keep in operation, and makes us
less susceptible to be annoyed by the FCC goons.

@_date: 2004-06-27 00:02:24
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Can it be disabled by hardware hack of the phone, a mikropower jammer, or
using an "unofficial" firmware?

@_date: 2004-06-29 03:51:42
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Silicon carbide in the machine 
A $50 jammer for a $500,000 missile. Sounds like a fair trade to me. ;)
Which is good, because once the adversary starts relying exclusively on GPS and lets the other monitoring systems decay, we have easier way to "deny that service" from our handhelds. Physics is more difficult to cheat than chips.

@_date: 2004-07-29 09:33:29
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: X-Cypher, SIP VoIP, stupid propriatory crapola 
Didn't thought about this. Noticed the "generated by server" thing, but thought it'll be a local process collecting entropy from some hardware source. Yes, your Honor, I admit I am guilty from assuming lack of stupidity on the vendor side. :(
Perhaps because they don't want to make a really secure system, aren't aware about this possibility, were politely told to not use it by some Third Party, don't know how to do it this way...?
Maybe it could be a good idea to ask them.

@_date: 2004-07-24 06:01:11
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Why there is no anonymous e-cash 
For anonymous cash systems outside of the government control, we first need generic unofficial cash systems.
I just stumbled over two different alternative "cash" systems already in use, and there are hundreds more:
There are many other kinds of currencies; some of them are even exchangeable for "real money", eg. casino chips.
As we can see from the aforementioned examples, the requirement for convertibility between the alternative currencies and the "mainstream" ones is not absolute.
My guess is that the time for Chaumian cash didn't come yet; but the signs are already on the sky.
My suggested course of action is to not worry about when it happens, and spend the time working on implementations. It's only matter of time when the already existing systems will feel the need to go electronics; they are usually local, so the physicality disadvantage of tangible material "certificates" like pieces of paper or metal isn't too annoying, but it is a limitation neverthless. That is possibly the best starting point; a set of proof-of-concept implementations is probably necessary for further expansion. This will also seed the market, and get the people used to the technology - and, if it turns out useful for them, demanding it elsewhere, further driving its expansion.
I suppose the countermeasures against this exist. (That the banks habitually don't deploy them is another thing.)
Why aren't we working on it already then?

@_date: 2004-07-21 01:04:04
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Low-cost thermal/multispectral imaging via mechanical slow-scan TV 
Thermal imaging is a very powerful and very cool technology with many many applications in both security and engineering. However, the main obstacle for its wider usage in civilian sector is very high cost of the microbolometer array sensors.
However, there are affordably cheap remote thermometers on the market, using a thermopile or bolometric sensor, which can be considered to be the equivalent of a single-pixel array.
In the very beginnings of image transmission, there were various technologies being used, many of them using a single-"pixel" optical sensor and a mechanical scanning device - a spinning mirror, Nipkow's disk, etc..
Can this approach be used in combination with a thermopile sensor? The result could be a potentially quite cheap slow-scan thermal imager. Because of the lower energy radiated in far-infrared and longer reaction time of the sensors, we would have to have much slower scanning speed, not allowing real-time imaging, but still enough for engineering purposes, eg. finding thermal leaks of buildings or overheating parts on the boards or in power installations.
One possible construction is a two-axis polar mount, allowing the directional sensor to be aimed in any direction within a range of vertical and horizontal angle (eg. a camera tripod with two servos). This would have the advantage of being a generic base for any slow-scan multispectral imaging device - instead of a directional thermopile use a directional 2.4 GHz antenna, and scan the city from a roof or a hilltop for the access points. (Or use 0.9/1..8/1.9 GHz, and look for cellular towers. Etc.) Position the device, set the pixel exposition time, set the angle range and step, run the "exposition".
What do you think? Opinions, comments?

@_date: 2004-07-13 17:15:44
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Bumazhkas 
Bumashkas belong between the highest-caliber weapons of the bureaucracy-centered governments. You don't want to meet the adversary armed with them. They are deadly and should be banned.
("Bumazhka" is a Russian word for "form" or "paper". The way I use it should invoke the associations to Soviet-style bureaucracy, requiring a stamped permission for just about everything.)

@_date: 2004-07-08 21:17:01
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: RE: photodisc search (was Re: BOUNTY BEAR is Faster ...) 
A big database of images with metadata can be used to train a neural network (or other suitable AI approach) to recognize unknown images.

@_date: 2004-07-04 02:46:37
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: China about to begin realtime censoring SMS messages 
I suppose it's what Falun Gong started doing in reaction to the measure.
If the gateways are present.
Or act as an onion-routing anonymizing network. It's a bit drastic way of enforcing privacy means, but it's always better to have a nuke up one's sleeve in case the stakes would get way too high.
I expect it to happen in couple years. Most likely it will be born either in some overtly restrictive regime of Far or Middle East (including but not limited to China), or as a reaction to some drastic measure-to-happen in the Demagocratic West.

@_date: 2004-07-04 02:35:59
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Tyler's Education 
How much do the "spread spectrum clock" feature on the modern motherboards help here?
Not necessarily. There are other ways of heat transfer. A good way could be water cooling for transport of the heat from the CPU and other parts to a massive metal heatsink that's the part of the case, with an optional fan on its outside. Voila, water cooling is not only for case mod freakz I expect much bigger problem in the attached cables and connectors. How to solve this?

@_date: 2004-07-23 10:40:29
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto    proxies 
Well... I am reading a book about intelligence now. Specifically, "Ernst Volkman: Spies - the secret agents who changed the course of history". Amusing book; describes many ways of intelligence fieldwork, most of them pretty lowtech. Eg, using business representatives as business/technology spies (as eg. a skilled steelworker can assess the capacity and capability and current processing of a factory quite at a glance, and he's often let in during contract negotiations), using pretty women to lure officers into honeytraps... or, recruiting young pretty men to seduce the not exactly pretty old maids who so often work as secretaries in important places.
You don't need a *LOT* of money to pull smaller-scale tricks of this kind. Also, using "amateurs", private enterpreneurs in the arts of burglaries, safecracking and other relevant areas, instead of "governmental" employees, poses a counterintelligence advantage that these recruits are unknown to the adversary (and to most of your side too, so there's less chance somebody will be caught or changes sides and squeaks on them).
There are many ways to get access to even pretty sensitive info. Patience and persistence and plethora of approaches are important here.
"Hard" doesn't imply "impossible". It however hints on the likely success Depends on whom. Often the money are the main motivation. Of course, your own country won't pay you as well as the other one, and will try to appeal to your "patriotism" like a bunch of cheapskates - it's better to be a And many of them disclosed their colleagues when politely asked.
But a big truth remains here - SIGINT and COMINT aren't everything, often a drop of HUMINT is the missing secret sauce.
Q: What's the difference between a secret service director and a gardener?
A: None. Both have their turf full of moles.

@_date: 2004-07-07 00:01:17
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto proxies 
I wrote the patch for qmail's fastforward for similar purposes. Everything in the name that is beyond the specified wildcard is ignored when resolving the mail alias (but stays there for procmail processing). As added benefit, the addresses that receive spam can be used for teaching Let's expect them so as well. The ISP can hand them over to the police anyway, like a nosy neighbour fink finding your grass stash.
If it passes through their SMTP servers, I am not sure. If it goes only through their routers, I'd think it's definitely in transit.
The original idea I based it on was encrypting everything including the headers on the sender, then decrypting it on the receiver relay, and adding the data about the decryption of the message into the headers in some unspoofable way (eg. if the headers were there already when the message arrived to the decrypting script, prepend X- to them - not really bulletproof but rather decent).
It hides the fact encrypted comm is in use. Which may be handy on its own.
That's true. But it protects the data in transit nearly for free.
STARTTLS is by far not widespread. Few people use it, including the knowledgeable ones. :(((
It's always better to select overly restrictive threat model and then loose it when necessary, than the other way. An omission then results in more work instead of a security hole.
With a local SMTP server, you can run such service as a daemon (or from cron) with function similar to fetchmail. Whatever is downloaded is fed to local mail delivery.
Proxies rock :)
I designed the idea with procmail and sendmail/qmail in mind. Didn't think much about Windows, as it's a pain to develop for them, but it shouldn't be too difficult to port it.
That's very true, however there can be operators you trust more than your ISP, eg. a group of friends running such forwarder offshore.
Especially if your ISP is untrustful or restrictive, eg. an university, a bigger corporation, or anything with a potential for nosing or censoring.
I didn't think about it as a sellable thing, though it's definitely possible. Instead of several paid services I thought more along the lines of thousands little servers for a handful of people each.
But it's pretty likely to be marketable. The key here is low resource requirements and low cost of operation - which a combo of a small SMTP server and procmail could meet pretty well.

@_date: 2004-07-06 21:15:06
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto proxies 
Reading some news about the email wiretapping by ISPs, and getting an There are various email forwarding services, which are nothing more than a SMTP server with pairs of recipient -- Messages in storage have much lower judicial protection than messages in transit. (This does not have much technical merit, in the current atmosphere of "damn the laws - there are terrorists around the corner", but can be seen as a nice little potential benefit.)
There can be an easy enhancement for such forwarder service; GnuPG proxy. Every email that arrives to the forwarder address, before it is forwarded to the real recipient, is piped through a GnuPG script; the recipient has then to upload his public key during the registration of the target address, otherwise the function is the same. For added benefit, the forwarder should support SMTP/TLS (STARTTLS) extension, so the connections from security-minded owners of their own mailservers would be protected.
The recipient himself then can either run his own mailserver and download mails through fetchmail, or receive mails using SMTP/ETRN (both methods allow automated decryption of such wrapped mail during its receiving), or use a POP/IMAP decryption proxy, or have a plugin in mail client.
(I know, auto-decryption is dangerous, but we now talk about the system for one's grandma, transparent to use.)
The only vulnerable parts of the mail route then will be the sender's computer, the pathway between the sender and the forwarder server (if SMTP/TLS is not used correctly or at all), the forwarder server (if compromised), and the recipient's computer. The way between the forwarder and the recipient's ISP, including the recipient's mailbox, is secured.
What do you think about this scheme?

@_date: 2004-07-07 06:10:53
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Privacy laws and social engineering 
You may like one side of the coin more than the other one, but they still belong to the same flat, dirty, formerly shiny and now dull and mildly corroded disc of an alloy of not so noble metals.
Sometimes you get access by telnet. Sometimes by a voice call. Hack the mainframe. Hack the secretary. What's better? (Okay, I agree, you can't sleep with the mainframe.)
There are many ways to the hilltop. Some travelers argue what one is better. Others quarrel if the hilltop is more important than the pathway or the other way. Some don't care and march forward.
I feel zen today.

@_date: 2004-07-08 23:46:26
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Querying SSL/TLS capabilities of SMTP servers 
It fails on hotmail.com; my script has problems there as well (and with couple others, the cure seems to be adding delays between the lines sent to the server; it makes the program slow, but more reliable).
In my case I added "-i 3" to the netcat options. Isn't a panacea, but helped in most cases. In the rest, I have to resort to telnet.
Thanks a lot. Seems I have to learn perl. Looks powerful.

@_date: 2004-07-09 02:05:13
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: [IP] Hi-tech rays to aid terror fight 
Technically, it's closer to soft IR. If I remember correctly, terahertz detectors are closer to bolometers than to antennas.
However, "hard microwaves" could be good (or bad, depending on your side of the chessboard) name for psyops purposes.

@_date: 2004-07-11 17:03:14
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt 
That's a matter of course. At the moment the Men with Bumazhkas come, it's too late to act.
When the short circuit happens, it's too late to install the breakers.
Please explain this thought?
That's not good for this purpose; their lifetime is too short.

@_date: 2004-07-10 00:22:26
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt 
This may be impractical in some cases.
But we have a psychological mechanism here; many people tend to be "tough" when not under direct threat. Then they implement the mechanism. Then years flow by. Then the prosecutors come. But by then it is too late to cooperate. They are doomed (though that depends largely on the available lawyers), but it can save the ones they were protecting.
It seems that, by the prosecutor logic, just about any comsec improvement you implemented may be viewed as a conspiracy, including but not limited to secure email.
I am not happy to say this, but can we ever hope for designing any kind of secure infrastructure without some nodes having to win the martyr lottery?
....speaking about martyrs... I am just watching a TV document about cults. Maybe we could piggyback on religion and use some kinks within Christian doctrine, selected for having wide user base within Western civilization? Eg, finding a believable and theologically coherent explanation how operating a Darknet node helps undermining the reign of Satan (a voice suggests me that the Book of Prophecies, or how that horsemen thing is called, could contain enough of material to build on)? That could provide a decent amount of node ops using existing infrastructure of likely-minded religious organizations. Faith is a big motivation for undertaking risk, and while Westerners currently tend to be less radical than Middle-Easterners, this kind of mission is far from suicidal.
But one of the voices in my head just told me that shared MP3s would bring in more people with less effort...
Maybe because most of it comes out of ass-holes?

@_date: 2004-07-09 20:44:39
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt (fwd from 
The Patriot gag orders lead me to a thought.
Is it possible to write a database access protocol, that would in some mathematically bulletproof way ensure that the fact a database record is accessed is made known to at least n people? A way that would ensure that either nobody can see the data, or at least n people reliably know the record was accessed and by whom?
When somebody comes with a paper and asks for the data, the one currently in charge of the database has to give them out, and may be gag-ordered. However, when way too many people know about a secret, which the protocol should ensure, it's better chance it leaks out, and less likely to identify the one person responsible for the leak, who could be jailed then. Especially when at least one of n is outside of the reach of the paws of the given jurisdiction.
The question is this: How to allow access to a specific file/db record in a way that it can't be achieved without a specified list of parties (or, for added system reliability, at least m of n parties) reliably knowing about who and when accessed what record? With any attempt to prevent the parties from knowing about the access leading to access failure?
Note a peculiarity here; we don't ask for consent of the parties (that would be a different threat-response model), we only make sure they know about it. (We can deny the access, when at least (n-m)+1 parties refuse to participate, though.)

@_date: 2004-07-14 04:30:46
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Mexico Atty. General gets microchipped (fwd) 
Politicians getting RFIDs.
Will it spur a new generation of smart roadside bombs, landmines, and perhaps homing missiles?
1. Get the politico's ID.
2. Release a tiny unmanned drone with a small shaped charge.
3. Let it fly over the city or a highway, patroling patiently, drinking    the nectar of the sunshine with the panels of its wings, occassionally    pinging the ground below.
4. Wait until it hears the target response, then aims to the target using    the RFID's response signal the way tracking radars do, falling down for
   a suicide kill, not dissimilar to a beast of prey.
....then a counter-technology appears and the cycle will repeat again.

@_date: 2004-07-17 23:52:39
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: vacuum-safe laptops ? 
However, if you use a low-power board, you have less current to filter the ripples from, so you need smaller caps, which offers you more options. You can also replace the caps in the power supply for vacuum-resistant types, for the price of some soldering.
Do you know some worth of being refered to, if possible low-cost? The situation on the market is changing so fast it's difficult to keep track.
Maybe it's agent of Microsoft looking for expanding the market to space! (Blue sky instead of blue screen?)
Also, a lot of cargo can be susceptible to lower pressures. Eg, the mentioned capacitors could be popping. So some overpressure during the flight has to be maintained there.
In that case, I'd suggest to build it as a wearable computer, integrated into the space suit.
Wise. :)
Sealing the boards in resin, under lowered pressure, could possibly help; the pressure of the atmosphere would be replaced by the pressure of the resin. Another option could be mounting the device into a hermetically sealed case, filled with eg. silicone oil for easier heat transfer.

@_date: 2004-07-17 23:13:13
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: vacuum-safe laptops ? 
The can caps can be surface-mounted as well. The leads then look different, but the inside is still the same: a metal can with etched aluminum strips and an insulator soaked with electrolyte. The magic smoke they are filled with also has the same color and smell as their non-SMD See also  for brief description of liquid-electrolyte aluminum capacitors.
There are also some more modern constructions, where the electrolyte is solid-state. (The tantalum capacitors, which are more common in SMD form than the aluminum ones, use MnO2 as electrolyte and Ta2O5 as insulator. The added advantage here is that during a breakdown, the MnO2 layer locally overheats and is converted to less conductive Mn2O3, which causes the breakdown to "heal". Similar mechanism is used in capacitors with solid-state plastic electrolyte.)
I suppose the solid-state caps could be much more reliable in the conditions of rapid pressure changes, if they won't have moisture or air trapped inside their construction.

@_date: 2004-07-17 02:03:42
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: vacuum-safe laptops ? 
Perhaps it's time to challenge the introductory assumption. Why a laptop? There are many various embedded computers available on the market, eg. the one from . (Question for the crowd: anybody knows other comparable or better Linux-ready affordable embedded computer solutions?) You may like to take such module and seal it in resin in order to shield it from the pressure changes (question for the crowd: would it really work?). Use memory card instead of hard drive; you don't want moving parts that depend on air density. The smaller size and lower power consumption than a laptop has makes many issues, from cooling to powering, much easier; vacuum-proofing and testing of the assembly is potentially simplified as well.
I'd also be cautious about the fluorescent tubes for the displays, the glass won't necessarily have to withstand the rapid change in air pressure. The LCDs themselves consist from two layers of glass with a electricalyl-sensitive light-polarizing liquid between them, make sure it won't have tendency to boil or vaporize in vacuum.
Optionally, for unmanned operation, do without the display completely. For manned operation, use something like the head-worn see-through  display, located in the operator's pressure suit, and connect it to the computer by a suitable wired or wireless connection.
If the system has to go beyond the reach of the atmosphere, you would like to use some sort of radiation shielding, or use a redundant assembly with several computers working in parallel, compensating lower reliability (silicon-on-insulator chips are difficult to find in off-the-shelf setting) with redundancy. You may also prefer to keep critical systems working on lower frequencies, with older-design parts, using bipolar transistors instead of CMOS (which tends to trap charged particles in the insulator layers of the gates, which shifts the gate threshold voltage), and chips with larger structures (so the ionization traces of particles won't affect the chips that much). Protect the content of the memories - large arrays of rad-sensitive elements - with ECC codes. GaAs is also more radiation resistant material than silicon. Again, combine rad-hard design with redundancy for best results.
Cooling is a royal bitch. You can't use anything but radiation cooling. I think satellites use a neat trick with pipes containing a wick soaked in a suitable liquid, eg. some freon. The liquid is vaporizing on the hot end of the pipe, condensing on the cold end, and soaking back to the hot end by capillary forces; this is used to bring the heat from the power parts and the sun-facing side of the satellite to the dark side of the satellite, from where it radiates to space. (Question for the crowd: Can thermal imaging be used for scanning the sky for low-orbit satellites? Other question for the crowd: How suitable would be this wick-in-a-tube approach for "ground-level" computers, could it increase the efficiency of heat transfer from the CPU chips to the wings of the heatsinks? Eg. for the purpose of having the computer sealed in an RF-shielded enclosure, with the heatsinks being part of the case, which could eliminate the cooling air inlets?)

@_date: 2004-07-18 09:11:24
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Secure telephones 
Several reasons valid at this moment (though I suppose (and hope) the situation will improve in next couple years).
There is no available implementation for the low-level GSM protocols. Doing it from scratch looks like a royal bitch.
The ADC/DAC chips for the required bandwidth are AWFULLY expensive. (I'd be happy if proven wrong here. (Well, I'd be happy if proven wrong in other two arguments too.))
The required processing power (and the related power (and cooling) consumption) is impractically high.
But principially it is a very good idea, whose time will hopefully come

@_date: 2004-07-18 09:02:44
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Secure telephones 
I am painfully aware of it.
Or use the off-the-shelf modules for industrial applications that already do it, and add some glue logic.
Check the Gumstix and the Enfora Enabler specs. The first is the equivalent of a grossly stripped-down laptop (80x20x6 mm, few mA sleep, 50 mA command-wait, 250mA full power w/o Bluetooth), the second one is the equivalent of a comm card (GSM/GPRS, 50x30x3 mm, tri-band 5mA standby). The laptop approach is good for prototyping, though.
I'd try the Enfora module in that case. RS232 for data and control, and analog I/O for voice.
The PDA approach definitely has its merit.

@_date: 2004-07-17 18:45:15
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Secure telephones 
Pondering construction of a secure telephone. (Or at least a cellphone in general. The user interfaces and features available on virtually all the mass-market phones suck, to put it very very mildly, not even mentioning that there's no access to their firmware (so no chance of audit), poor or no support for SSL (while running HTTP through the operator's proxy), and typically no possibility to run more than one Java applet (or other program) at the same time. A combination of a GSM/GPRS module with a suitable embedded Linux-running computer could be the right solution.)
The easiest way is probably a hybrid of telephone/modem, doing normal calls in "analog" voice mode and secure calls in digital modem-to-modem connection. The digital layer may be done best over IP protocol, assigning IP addresses to the phones and making them talk over TCP and UDP over the direct dialup. (We cannot reliably use GPRS, as the quality of service is not assured, so we have to use direct dialup. But we can implement "real" IP later, when the available technology reaches that stage.)
Once we have the phones talking over IP with each other, we can proceed with the handshake. I'd suggest using OpenSSL for this purpose, as it offers all we need for certificates and secure transfer of the key. Then use UDP for the voice itself, using eg. stripped-down SpeakFreely as the engine. So during the call, two connections will be open over the IP channel: the command one (SSL-wrapped TCP, for key and protocol handshake, ensuring the identity of the caller, etc.), and the data one (a bidirectional UDP stream). As the command connection should be silent for most of the time, a 14k4 modem should offer us enough bandwidth for 9k6 GSM codec, even with the UDP/IP overhead.
The problem is with the calls themselves, determining if they have to be connected as secure or as insecure.
For landlines, it's easy; we can hold the line open while switching the modem between voice and data modes, even if we'd have to do it the "hardcore" way with a relay and a 600-ohm resistor connected to the phone line during modem hangup. We then can freely alternate between voice and data, starting in voice and getting the telephones negotiate over "analog sound" using some sequences of beeps, like during the time of acoustically coupled modems. We need just few 100s bps to tell each other that we both support secure call, and that we want to switch to it.
However, the cellphones pose a much worse problem. The voice/data call type is determined at the connection time, and as far as I know, can't be changed on-fly. So we would have to have the desired call mode specified in the phone's addressbook (with eventual secure mode advertising through the mentioned beep sequence when in insecure mode, and eventual automatic or manual redial in secure mode). Does anybody here know if there is a workaround available for this? How does the Siemens crypto-phone  solve this?
It is possible to place data calls from a GSM phone. But it is possible to RECEIVE the data calls on it? Can I connect a cellphone to a laptop and have a dial-in server?
A workaround here could be exploiting the always-on properties of GPRS (if the Enfora modules offer GPRS simultaneously with GSM calls, it could provide a lot fo advantages), and use eg. Jabber as a messaging platform (overcoming the difficulties with secure SMS messaging), and optionally also for secure call negotiation, serving here as a control connection.
A nice feature could be a phone-located voicemail (won't cover the situations when the phone is outside of the network reach, but could be handy for the situations where the phone is just told to not ring). The advantages would be the possibility of the voice being transported in secure mode, and the possibility of encrypting the messages in storage. Another feature, that could make the device rather attractive in some demographics, is the possibility of having the phonebook stored encrypted on the handset, inaccessible without a PIN, or not located there at all, stored remotely. Yet another advantage, useful for closed groups, is the possibility of using Jabber UIDs dynamically mapped to phone numbers, allowing the users to swap the handsets, bringing a bit of deniability into the location tracking.
The modularity of the design should allow low degree of lock-in to the vendors and networks; other modules than Enfora can be used for different standards, Enfora produces tri-band (and even quad-band, adding 850 MHz to the mix) ones for both US and EU/AU/NZ markets, the control computer should be exchangeable for any other kind, with just minor tweaks in the software itself. Openness of the design should allow the implementation of other emerging secure comm standards, including but not limited to Skype.
Various message-anonymizing tricks could be also done, using mixmaster-style forwarding within the network, and/or using secure messaging clients instead, like eg. Silc .
Any comments from the Collective?

@_date: 2004-07-19 03:25:35
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Cheap TDR for fibers? 
The laser diodes used in eg. CD players have a feedback photodiode, sensing the laser's optical output.
If the lasers used for optical fibers have similar mechanism too, and if the diode is sensitive to the light coming to it not only from the chip but also from the fiber itself, and can react quickly enough with high enough sensitivity, maybe it could be exploited.
In chosen moments, we could then send a short pulse of laser light into the fiber, then watch the signal from the feedback diode, what gets reflected back from nonhomogenities on the fiber. This would give us the distances of all the splices and connectors, and let us know immediately (if the test is performed eg. once per 5 seconds or with similar short period) that there is an attempt to compromise the line underway. Comparison of snapshots from longer periods apart could also serve to find deterioration of the signal path before it results in failure.
The advantage of this approach, if possible, is the ability to add the functionality without having to modify the optical transceivers It sounds too good to be true, so it probably won't work, but I may be

@_date: 2004-07-20 19:47:31
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Texas oil refineries, a White Van, and Al Qaeda 
How difficult it is to wait for a sunny day, wire a digital camera to take two pictures per second with very short exposition time, ducttape it on the dashboard or at the side or the back window in suitable angle, and then drive by in normal speed? If you screw up the angle, you can do it again (and again, and again...), because nobody pays attention to the "normally" behaving vehicles.
That way, no suspicion is ever aroused.
Or, use a big-lens camera from long distance.
The person in question was just somebody with a weakness for industrial

@_date: 2004-07-29 01:10:47
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: X-Cypher, SIP VoIP, stupid propriatory crapola 
Sounds like an anonymous Diffie-Hellman session key, wrapped in marketing bullshit. Usable, but susceptible to MITM.

@_date: 2004-08-29 16:55:37
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: gmail as a gigabyte of an external filesystem 
Cuuuute! :)
Could be even more interesting if combined with a suitable kind of encryption; I don't know how much I should trust Google, they are way too big to not be more than attractive "focus point" for "carpet-watching" The author is aware of this issue.
Question for the crowd: How difficult it would be to write a suitable crypto engine as a plug-in module for FUSE itself? Then we could have support for encrypted files on any filesystem accessible through FUSE.
What to do with all that extra, network-based storage that comes with your Gmail account? If you're using Linux, you can turn it into a mountable filesystem with GmailFS.
GmailFS provides a mountable Linux filesystem which uses your Gmail account as its storage medium. GmailFS is a Python application and uses the FUSE userland filesystem infrastructure to help provide the filesystem, and libgmail to communicate with Gmail.
GmailFS supports most file operations such as read, write, open, close, stat, symlink, link, unlink, truncate and rename. This means that you can use all your favourite unix command line tools to operate on files stored on Gmail (e.g. cp, ls, mv, rm, ln, grep etc. etc.).
Link (via Waxy) posted by Cory Doctorow at 08:21:29 AM

@_date: 2004-08-18 13:42:05
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Suggestion 
I hereby suggest to postpone the flamewars for the winter, when the weather brings the need of some spare waste heat.
I thought we're above name-calling here. But perhaps it was just a quiet period and the current situation will rectify on its own in couple days, as it usually does.
Besides, the recent development around the hash functions is quite important to know about.

@_date: 2004-08-11 01:01:33
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: The Turncoats on Niihau Island 
The ethnicity or religion or political affiliation are not the only risk factors. What about something so plain and simple as money? Would the author advocate rounding up the needy and the greedy?
Have not enough money? You're a suspect. Have too much money? You're a suspect too. Now imagine the fun if these two categories would overlap...

@_date: 2004-08-10 19:49:24
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: NSA Overcomes Fiber-Optic and Encryption 
I think the correct title would be "sidesteps" instead of "overcomes".
It's a fundamentally different way (though the result is the same).

@_date: 2004-08-01 20:22:46
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Terrorists wear neckties. 
I don't worry about car bombs nor hijacked airplanes. I have better chance of being killed in a standardized ISO-compliant CE-marked car crash than getting into mere visual contact with a bomb blast.
On the other side, the streams of bureaucrap the Hellhole also known as Brussels spews every day are filling my heart with genuine fear.
Forget about turbans. Real terrorists wear neckties.

@_date: 2004-08-05 00:23:27
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: On what the NSA does with its tech 
There are easier targets than the symmetric cipher algorithm itself.
You may aim at RSA, try to break through the factorization problem, or find another weakness in it. Same for other algorithms of this class.
You may aim at the passphrase, as several other people suggested.
You may use nanotech to compromise the hardware, and/or to intercept the data. This includes "eating and duplicating" chips, including key storage tokens; just go layer after layer and rebuild it (or create its "virtual" image) including the levels of electric charge in the memory cells. How to design a token that would be resistant to nanoprobes? (Perhaps by equipping it with an "immune system" of nanoprobes of its own?)
Quantum computers may be the way to break factoring-related algorithms.
Nanotechnology can bring many ways for physical compromising of the targets and their vicinity (the "fly on the wall" attack).
The impracticability of breaking symmetric ciphers is only a comparatively small part of the overall problem.

@_date: 2004-08-13 18:35:44
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
In the world of industrial espionage and divorce lawyers, the FedZ aren't the only threat model.

@_date: 2004-08-13 17:44:09
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
In better case, this. In worse case, to force the adversary to face an unknown, unexpected situation they aren't trained to handle.
Until a Gentoo-like Linux distro for PDAs appears. Then custom-compiled code becomes quite common in that segment of consumers.
Another possible way for wrecking the set of file signatures "in the wild" could be releasing a product (which then would have to become popular, so it has to be useful) to do a function modifying the executables - may be a code packer (flash space is still a premium in the PDAs), may be a realtime patcher (for eg. protecting against some generic code exploits), in extreme cases may be an otherwise benign trojan or worm.
Yes, but the same applies to your colleague. Would you like it to be easy for your colleague to betray you?
Unless the adversary beats the passphrase from your colleague and then comes for you.
Don't be so selfish. :)

@_date: 2004-08-13 16:53:08
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
We can do some in-depth changes of the executable, using the "Steganography in executable files" approach described here (and on Slashdot) recently. See eg. here: The difference is we don't want to store anything to the file itself but just to change its content without changing its function. We can use the Hydan approach, using random data as what to store inside. Adding a dd if=/dev/urandom count= | $HYDAN_STEGO $exefile
(where $HYDAN_STEGO is the steganography-adding program and $exefile is the product of the compilation by an unmodified compiler)
into the makefile of the project could make the signatures unique for every compilation. Same applies to installation scripts. As we shouldn't trust our tools completely, a suite of suitable test vectors should be run This can be used in combination with executable packers (eg. UPX), or some wrappers for "copy-protection", which wrap and optionally encrypt the executable and refuse to run it when eg. a dongle (which can contain the key) is not present in the computer. It doesn't work for copyprotection too well, but can slow down the adversary (or making some of their attack methods impossible or impractical to use) in other scenarios. If the usage scenario is plausible, the deployment of the protection technology may "make sense", so its presence won't have to necessarily raise suspicion. (We have to always keep in mind that the presence of any given technology can be a factor on its own.)
The adversary then has to resort to heuristic analysis of the code segments, or hashing data segments, or maintaining sets of characteristics of the executables other than the hashes of the complete file (code/data segments size, addresses of jumps...), or relying on the strings in the file, or other options, all of them more difficult than hashing a file, and potentially requiring better-trained forensics people...

@_date: 2004-08-12 04:44:26
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
It should be enough to do that at the installation time. The adversary in this model gets to analyze the file only once, and we want to make sure that nobody tampered with the file as a protection against other, more "active" threat models. What we want is to have a file and its hash, so we can make sure the file content is unchanged, but the hash has to be as globally-unique as possible.
A cool thing for this purpose could be a patch for gcc to produce unique code every time, perhaps using some of the polymorphic methods used by Just adding a chunk of data to make the hash unique will work against the current generation of the described tools. But we should plan to the future, what moves the adversary can do to counter this step.
Then there's the matching of date/time of the files to "real-life" events. Perhaps a countermeasure could be a modified vfat filesystem which assigns free clusters randomly instead of sequentially (on a solid-state medium fragmentation does not matter), which avoids the reconstruction of the file saving order by matching the position of their clusters (for the price of making undelete difficult), and an absence of timestamps (01-01-1970 is a nice date anyway).
The file delete function in the filesystem driver can be modified to file overwrite-and-delete, for the price of higher wear of the FlashEPROM Linux-based (and open-architecture in general) PDAs should offer much higher thug-resistance.

@_date: 2004-08-12 22:49:07
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome on ABC Evening News? 
Can somebody record it in MPEG or DivX, please? :) It's difficult to get ABC News across the Atlantic without a dish.

@_date: 2004-08-15 00:43:54
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: yes, they look for stego, as a "Hacker Tool" 
We can also periodically "reuniquize" the shared files, in some sane period, say every weekend. (That pollutes the shared-files pool with a lot of almost-the-same copies, diminishing the advantage of multisource download. So perhaps is it better to just use encrypted data storage and anonymized P2P network, and keep uniquicity only of the system Yes. However, depending on the system, same files (with the same hash) differing only by name will look as a single file (eg. edonkey or WinMX). Other systems, depending on the file name only (eg. OpenNap), will show files with different names as different, even if identical inside.
Care to elaborate further, please?
Or buy an Enfora Enabler GSM/GPRS module, add a Gumstix module with built-in bluetooth, slap in a suitable display and keyboard, eventually add a GPS receiver, and we're set. All features and security modes we can imagine, and then some.
Preventing spatial tracking is difficult though, as we're dependent on the cellular network for staying online. Though if the given area has wifi mesh coverage, it could be easier. (And if the device becomes widely popular, the handsets can serve as mesh nodes themselves - but that's a song of rather far future.)
Why not? :) Isn't the main purpose of science-fiction (at least its certain kinds) to be the inspiration for the future?
On the other hand, perhaps it's cheaper to just get a bulk supply of "blank" faceplates and hire an artist with an airbrush and a talent.
It's also possibly easier (and cheaper) to make the parts in more classical way, eg. by casting them from resin. The rapid prototyping machines so far usually don't provide parts that are both nice-looking, accurate, and with suitable mechanical properties at once.
There is nothing like "too many" gizmos! (Well, you could call such situation "almost enough", but never "too many".)

@_date: 2004-08-14 03:30:27
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: yes, they look for stego, as a "Hacker Tool" 
Argh. You misunderstood me. I don't want to find hash collisions, to create a false known hash - that is just too difficult. I want to make every file in the machine recognized as "unidentifiable".
The adversary has acoustic fingerprinting software. Even cheaper than the Indians.
The signature busting of MP3s has a disadvantage, though: makes their sharing back to the P2P pool more difficult, and a lot of programs relying on their hash (emule, Kazaa(?),...) instead of their file name will consider them a different file, which causes problems with multisource download (though the problem won't be on your side).
Or a small propane torch or a lighter (the kind that makes the hissing blue high-temperature flame), or even a sticker with magnesium shavings to burn through the chip when lit.
Didn't realize this. Seems I still overestimate Them the People.
Free ringtones. Good attractant these days. I tend to forget about them as I tend to shun fancy tones - telephones should have a distinctive ring but "distinctive" does not have to mean "orchestral". But apparently there are large sets of people who like it. Weird...

@_date: 2004-08-14 01:32:34
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: yes, they look for stego, as a "Hacker Tool" 
BEWARE! You should keep in mind this deals with the problem of well-known signatures by making the files globally unique, but it introduces a vulnerability by the same mechanism: the files are unique and can be linked with you.
You may mitigate this by "reuniquing" the files in every case you are giving them away, but you should keep this risk firmly in mind.

@_date: 2004-08-13 23:48:06
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: yes, they look for stego, as a "Hacker Tool" 
Run a tool for signature changing preemptively, on *all* the files in the system that can be changed without changing their function? Then you have the forest where every tree is marked and the leprechaun is laughing.
Another reason for making your data unique.
DV camcorders are becoming increasingly popular. Is there any software to stego the data into DV streams? Such files are suitable as carriers, as it is easy to produce gigabytes and gigabytes of meaningful data from a single friend's wedding - which allows even sparse encoding without having improbable amount of data.
Beware of destruction of memory sticks; as long as the Flash chip is intact, even if its casing itself is broken, it is easy for a properly equipped lab to get the chip out of the case and bond it to new casing. The Flash chips used in the USB disks have serial interfaces, which makes the task of connecting them again rather easy, if you have the right toys (available for anybody who does eg. thick-layer hybrid circuits).
A neat trick to lower the suspicion-factor for stego in JPEG or video could be releasing a closed-source program for Windows as either freeware or easy-to-hack (or without the time check at all) shareware (we don't want the money here, but we want the people to think it's doing a lot of good for them, and there still is a segment of consumers who think that when it is free, it's worthless), which is touted loudly for enhancing the images. While all it can be doing is to slightly manipulate brightness and contrast in the too dark or too light areas, smear or sharpen the image a little bit; may be just couple NetPBM tools cobbled together with a nice interface added (we'll violate the licence here, but that's a minor detail - which can further serve to bring attention to the tool). And, last but not least, inserting a steganographed random data into them. May be something meaningful, may be just random data, may be perhaps random data chunked to packets looking like a GPG-encrypted file.
Put it online, wait until the news are slow, and get some computer graphics magazines interested in it, writing articles about it. Perhaps run an astroturf campaign, guerrilla marketing. Get it distributed on the CDs shipped with them. Even with just fraction of % of the images "in the wild" there will be a lot of them looking like stegoed, serving as a convenient smokescreen for the "real" ones.
The sheeple don't have to be only a threat. They can be useful, if their gullibility is properly exploited.

@_date: 2004-08-29 16:20:21
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: JYA in NYT 
It's also possible they want to prevent the continuing inflation of "power words". Once certain words become too common, they lose their magic and won't be bringing eyeballs to the TVs and making papers sell anymore.

@_date: 2004-10-07 23:35:23
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: RFID Driver's licenses for VA 
Given the power requirements for doing anything more than dumb sequence repeat, I'd worry about the potential for replay attack and licence Make a proof-of-concept device early after they start rolling the scheme out, publish on Slashdot, and see them retracting it as fast as they were deploying it.
A defense is a metal board in a wallet, close to the RFID chip's antenna. It is readable when the licence is taken out of the wallet. When inside, the antenna is quite effectively shielded. As a bonus, for many people this method can be seamlessly integrated to their mode of the document usage (leaving the privacy implications of the "legitimate" readers aside for now, talking about the unauthorized remote readers only here).

@_date: 2004-10-20 12:45:41
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
Meanwhile, the world will get pissed, Arabian Bloc will finally agree on the concept of Monetary Jihad and switch from dollar-per-barrel to euro-per-barrel and later perhaps even to a gold-backed Islamic Dinar. Arabs have difficulties to agree on something, but give them an enemy and they flock together (not entirely unlike Americans) and make decisions.
Once the switch is done, there will not be the necessity to keep so high dollar reserves anymore. The USD will lose most of its market power and gradually becomes Just Another Currency.
Other countries will stop caring about unilateral embargos and will trade with the affected areas anyway, to great dismay of American planners. US will attempt to retaliate and cut trade with the offenders. However, the world is big and patents on embargoed goods aren't usually respected in the affected areas. Also don't forget that you foolishly offshored most manufacturing years ago, so patents or not, the rest of the world will keep buying Taiwan and China and Malaysia and Japan. And Ireland-made CPUs. The transnational corporations won't have the incentive to respect US-imposed rules, as they will cut into their profit; the ones that didn't made it yet will move outside of the influence of US law, with the corresponding impact on US tax revenue and the ability to finance further military adventures. Hey - even students are already increasingly choosing non-US universities and scientists are in process of moving conferences elsewhere, in long term influencing your ability of weapon research, further weakening you military-wise. Your policies are signing your own demise, and your beloved free market will stab your own back.
Meanwhile, the Empire will cut itself off the world, in a failed attempt to punish the world for non-compliance.
What will you do then? You can't bomb everyone. The world needs you much less than you like to think.
Now, when you see PNAC won't work, what's your revised plan?

@_date: 2004-10-18 19:17:42
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
Pentagon protects their people by distance - being it by bombing from high altitude, or by using cruise missiles.
Everybody uses the technology available to them. What's bad on it?
Invariably, the side that uses the defensive measure - being it smart weapons[1] or human shields - classifies it as tactical, while the other side considers it cowardly.
A nice example of symmetry in asymmetry.
[1] The defensive aspect here is to allow the attackers to attack from distance beyond the reach of the other side's active defenses, thus not risking anything more than a piece of overpriced electronics.

@_date: 2004-10-18 18:38:17
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: RE: Airport insanity 
Never underestimate the power of the combination of the People With Agendas with Classified Computerized Profiling Algorithms. :)
Be vigilant.
Define "us"?
Personally, as a relatively frequent flyer, I worry much more about things like cutting corners of fuselage and engine maintenance and quality of fuel (and, perhaps even more, the quality of onboard coffee) than about bombers on board. (On the other hand, local states grew out of their imperial-lust phase couple decades/centuries ago, which makes their people less disliked. Somehow lesser tendency to trigger-happy gung-ho a-ramboin' seems to be helpful too.)
Seeing things in perspective sometimes helps.

@_date: 2004-10-18 17:14:01
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: RE: Airport insanity 
It isn't a problem for you until it happens to you. Who knows when being interested in anon e-cash will become a ground to blacklist *you*.
Do you propose a way to appeal the decision? Will the flight (and associated losses, eg. lost contract due to a missed meeting, etc.)

@_date: 2004-10-17 14:33:42
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
Do I interpret this statement correctly as the endorsement of ethnicity-based travel restrictions?
Didn't domething like this been here already, in the form of Jim Crow laws, and later found unconstitutional?
I am afraid either I don't understand you correctly, or you are contradicting yourself. The "...or use public transport" from your earlier statement seems to mean that you said something along the lines "if they can't fly, they should use public transportation, which includes Being told I can't use some quite common resource, in this case an important means of transportation, because of so irrelevant factor as ethnicity, isn't exactly delicate. What would you do if you'd be in the receiving end of such policy? Add more such restrictions and some percolating time - would you just bow and obey? How long it would take to get you pissed and eventually revolting?
Vast majority of them yes. But you don't perceive them because they don't offend you and don't make the news.
Not yet. But maybe I just didn't look deep enough through the mass-medial fog of the terrorism "war".
With the proper leadership, everything is possible. Don't forget the WW2 kamikaze pilots, who weren't quite Arabs.

@_date: 2004-10-17 00:27:00
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Airport insanity 
Ever tried to drive to Europe? Or to Hawaii?
Why airplanes don't count as a form of public transport?
This is a measure good for pissing off (which is often the first step to radicalizing) the quite secularized majority of American Arabs.
You also seem to forget there is another potential factor - not only the visible one (ethnicity), but also one that isn't obvious to visual evaluation - religion. There is a significant black minority that inclines to Islam, some of them potentially radical. Do you want to suggest banning blacks from flying too? If so, what reaction are you expecting to get?

@_date: 2004-11-04 19:28:42
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: campus network admins 
Depending on how trivial the violation was, it may be worth checking the FTP server logs, identifying the bad ones and collecting the evidence, and eventually, preferably after consultation with a lawyer, nail the admin with hacking charges. (Alternatively just threat with the same, with a remark that you hope he likes lawyers. I suppose you're located in the Land of Lawyers.)
If it is better to play a repentant sinner, or go to a confrontation, depends on many more factors unknown to us, including the exact text of the network AUPs, the personality profile of the admin (he may be just power-tripping at you, but the severity of his threats depends on the exact content of your disk which you didn't specify), and other factors like if you are an employee or a student and how much risk you want to go Violating AUPs with cleartext protocols isn't a good idea, especially with nazi admins. Next time you may like to prefer ssh/scp, or WebDAV over HTTPS, or a simple password-protected upload/download interface written in PHP or as a CGI script, again over HTTPS (you may like to use one-time passwords for added security).
If the admin in question can have physical access to your machine, put the sensitive/objectionable data on an encrypted partition.
That depends a lot. If you're in a suitable uni campus, you may try to consult with local law students. This question is something a mere technician can't reliably answer.
Yes. Depends on what you want to do; if you want to be independent on any special software installed on the computers you're operating from, I suggest a HTTPS server, with a self-signed certificate (cheaper), and manually check its fingerprint when connecting. For upload you may use a web file upload form. Don't neglect the certificate check; the admin may like to start playing games with you and launch MITM attack at your connections. Do the fingerprint check even when the browser claims all is

@_date: 2005-02-13 12:22:43
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: RE: Team Building?? WIMPS!! 
Teamwork is essential here.
Maybe attract a lightning with a rocket on a wire[1], the induced current will do the job with the sensors around. Optionally annoy the sensors with spurious alarms until they get written off as unreliable[2]. Keep disabling the technicians that come to check/repair them[3], until the base staff either runs out of technicians or writes off the sensors. Technology can be a strength, but overreliance on it is a weakness.
[1] I believe lightning researchers do this, in addition to having labs on tops of skyscrapers. See eg. .
[2] US agents did it with sugar pellets shot at the windows of the Russian embassy in Washington, DC, during the thunderstorms that are frequent there. The vibration sensors were causing false alarms, so they were disconnected. Then one night the agents successfully penetrated the object. Same with rebels in Afghanistan attacking Russian bases. (Bruce Schneier, Beyond Fear, page 56:
[3] I think it was used during WW2. The comm wires were cut, then the soldier dispatched to check the failure was ambushed. Used frequently by guerrillas fighting Germans in the mountains.
Optionally just add couple more mines and then wait.[4]
[4] As a classic joke says. A farmer had a pumpkin field. Neighbourhood boys were stealing them. One day, he put up a sign: "One of the pumpkin is laced with cyanide." In the evening, he found scribbled there: "Now they are two".
History books are full of prior art.
Or just drive a remotely controlled tank in.
Or modify the strategy. As Sun Tzu says, the best battles are the ones won without fighting.
It would be closer to a LARP.
The best fun often has the highest price.
Don't worry. Look at the Iraq Desert Adventure planning stage. Who needs a post-victory plan?

@_date: 2005-03-07 20:01:57
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 broken? 
FPGAs will have very hard time to be as fast as "dedicated" CPUs, frequency-wise. The FPGA structures have to be too generic, and are much bigger than specialized structures of the CPUs, so they have higher capacity, which limits the maximum achievable switching frequency. The length of the wiring between the structures together with the lazy speed of light plays its role as well. However, the FPGA structure allows parallelizing of processing tasks, which can in some cases neatly beat the sequential CPUs.
There are FPGAs with on-chip RISC CPU cores, allowing reaping the benefits of both architectures in a single chip.

@_date: 2005-04-03 14:54:19
@_author: Thomas Shaddack 
@_subject: Re: Your epapers, please? 
Beware of one gotcha. Faraday cage will shield only the electrical component. Low-frequency tags (125 kHz, typically) are magnetically coupled. Experiments shown that such tag is readable, even if entirely wrapped in aluminum foil. Laying a tag on top of a feromagnetic surface (iron sheet) does not help (probably only diminishes the range, didn't do the exact measurements yet); the sheet has to be between the tag's coil and the reader coil to be effective.
Putting the tag into an enclosure made of a feromagnetic material helps, though. Altoids can proved to be a pretty effective shielding.
