
@_date: 2001-11-28 17:37:28
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: cryptoheaven.com 
I haven't seen mention of this on the mailing list and it is new enough
that it doesn't show up in a google search as of the moment I am typing
Looking at  it appears they provide anonymous
encrypted services including email, instant messaging (chat), and server
based file storage. Their client code is open source Java. They appear
to use standard algorithms. They are based in Canada. The services are
free at small volumes (supposedly suitable for ordinary personal use)
and for fee at higher volumes.
I only know what I see on their website. Has anyone else heard of these
 -- sidney

@_date: 2005-02-17 16:55:09
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: Digital Water Marks Thieves 
And other people complain about how someone can spray their paint on
someone else's valuable and then call the police.
These arguments remind me of Peter Gutmann's recent post to the list
about "good enough" security... You can make the same arguments about
the DNA signature in blood. A civilian can analyze it. It is conceivable
that someone can get a sample of someone else's blood or other
biological sample and frame them by leaving DNA evidence somewhere. That
does not make DNA analysis useless as a tool in forensics.
So now there is a way of marking items that cannot be engraved and a way
of marking intruders. It sounds more sophisticated than a red dye bomb
in a sack of cash stored in a bank vault -- which also has its uses and
its drawbacks. Now it will be easier to tie the dyed material and the
dyed thieves to the specific crime. It is not a big deal that it does
not solve all problems in one stroke.
 -- sidney markowitz

@_date: 2014-06-08 03:45:23
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
Bill Cox wrote, On 8/06/14 11:56 am:
Did Snowden say it was because a fridge is a Faraday cage or was that
explanation only from reporters discussing the meeting?
The test is easy and disproves the idea, as demonstrated in these two links:
A microwave oven is a better choice, as it is designed to function as a
Faraday cage.
However, might not the audio insulation and the hum of the refrigerator motor
when the phone is inside the refrigerator in another room be sufficient to
mask the conversation?
I did some Googling about that. According to Table 1 in
the approximate sound insulation of a modern refrigerator varies by frequency,
with the lowest amount in the voice frequency range being about 13dB. The
sound from the fan is about 30dB.
According to
normal conversational voice levels at a distance of 12 feet (3.7m) would be 48dB.
I'm not sure from the literature I've seen how much dB loss to allow for there
being a wall and closed door between the room the meeting is in and the
kitchen. Maybe 30dB for a typical non-insulated interior wall rated at STC 33?
I think that means that there could be up to 5dB of sound energy at the worst
frequencies making it to the inside of the refrigerator, and 30dB of hum from
the fan. If there are two walls, and/or at least 5m distance between the
meeting and the refrigerator that should be enough.
I don't know what would make me feel safer - putting the phones in a microwave
oven with the chance that the door could easily be left ajar, or getting the
acoustic insulation and masking hum of a refrigerator.
 Sidney Markowitz
 http:/sidney.com
The cryptography mailing list
