
@_date: 2017-02-23 21:50:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 collision found 
Am 23.02.2017 um 20:09 schrieb vedaal
Yes but who know how many years it will take until a new standard is accepted...
Not sure about you but I am not able to see the difference between a valid pgp key and "gibberish" ;)
The question is how many tries it takes until a colliding key is found that is accepted by common pgp implementations when imported, is it not?
As said, if it is as easy as i think it is, providing an option for different hash algos to generate fingerprints would be a nice solution until a new standard is established.
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2017-02-23 19:26:37
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 collision found 
Am 23.02.2017 um 19:48 schrieb Peter Lebbing:
I would rather see this as a means to manually check the key to enable users to potentially discover fake keys.
Since I did not find a simple way to generate the fingerprint and identifying the key contents to be hashed seems really tricky, putting an additional option in gnupg to generate a longer fingerprint seems like the easiest solution.
Having an option like --fingerprint  would allow users to use any hash they want until a new openpgp standard is published. This is not something that needs to be used by default, just something that can be used by those who look for it.
After looking into second-preimage attacks the issue does not seem to be that critical though. Still it would be a nice feature and if I did not misunderstand the how the fingerprint is generated it could be implemented by adding very little code.
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2017-02-23 18:24:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: SHA1 collision found 
Today was announced that SHA1 is now completely broken
A few weeks back it was mentioned that there is a new proposal for a openpgp standart including a new algorithm for pgp fingerprints.
As this is currently not applicable in practice, I would like to know what this new development means for pgp-gnupg and the use of SHA1 for key identification.
After researching how the fingerprint is generated, I think it would be easy to include a new option in gnupg to print a fingerprint using sha256. Would that be something that will/can be included in future versions of gnupg?
That way users could publish both the sha1 and sha256 finderprint in the future.
Gnupg-users mailing list
