
@_date: 2005-01-25 07:56:45
@_author: "Small Cap News" 
@_subject: DRVW Renews Contract with Archdiocese of New York 
Current Price:
 $0.049
52 Week Range:
 $0.008 to $0.15
  An
OTCPro.com Newsletter
Congratulations to all of our readers who acted on DRVW. DRVW was up over 4% today and
40% since our initial Trading Alert, less than 1 week ago. DRVW once again had news out after the bell. They secured a new service order from the Archdiocese of New York. What do all these new contracts mean? I don't have any first hand knowledge of this but I wonder if DRVW is up selling their clients the new Videophone? I would have to assume that would be very fertile grounds and a make sense deal for all involved. Guess we will just have to wait. DRVW has been very busy closing new biz and I would assume it won't be too long until they have some more good news for their investors.
VIVI has been very strong as of late, hitting an intraday high of $.38. It appears to be holding very steady in the mid-thirties so we would assume that another new base is being formed. It wouldn't surprise us, based on the recent trading patterns if it heads north again in the near future
Press DirectView, Inc. Announces New Order From Archdiocese of New York BOCA RATON, FL, January 24, 2005 -- DirectView, Inc. (OTCBB: DRVW) a full-service provider of high-quality, cost efficient videoconferencing technologies and services, has secured a new service order from The Archdiocese of New York. This marks the third consecutive year DirectView has contracted with The Archdiocese of New York for support and equipment. Under the terms of the agreement, DirectView will provide maintenance and support related to multiple videoconferencing units in and around New York City purchased from DirectView. DirectView has already delivered multiple units and is currently working with the Archdiocese of New York on expansion of the current deployment. The equipment is being used in schools and administrative offices for distance learning applications, staff meetings, training and multiple other Jeffrey Robbins, President of DirectView, Inc., said, "We are all extremely honored to announce this most recent news with our friends at the Archdiocese of New York. It serves as further evidence that when the leading educators in America desire videoconferencing equipment and or services they turn to DirectView."
About DirectView, Inc. DirectView Inc. ( is a full-service provider of high-quality, cost efficient videoconferencing technologies and services. DirectView provides multipoint videoconferencing, network integration services, custom room design, staffing, document conferencing and IP / Webconferencing services to businesses and organizations in the United States and around the world. DirectView conferencing services enable our clients to cost-effectively, instantaneously conduct remote meetings by linking participants in geographically dispersed locations. This announcement contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the broadband market, broadband availability, the company's limited operating history, the limited financial resources, domestic or global economic conditions. There is further due diligence being preformed on Stratosphere prior to closing. Activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition, and changes in Federal or State laws, restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country, in particular China, and conditions of equity markets. More information about the potential factors that could affect the company's business and financial results is included in the Company's filings, available via the United States Securities & Exchange Commission. DRVW Technicals: DRVW - DIRECTVIEW INC (OTCBB)
% Composite Trend Spotter TM
Short Term 7 Day Average Directional Indicator
10 - 8 Day Moving Average Hilo Channel
20 Day Moving Average vs 20 - 50 Day MACD 20 Day Bollinger Bands
20-Day Average Volume - 2935305
Short Term - Avg. 80% buy
Medium Term 40 Day Commodity Channel 50 Day Moving Average vs 20 - 100 Day MACD 50 Day Parabolic 50-Day Average Volume - 1796704
Short Term - Avg. 75% buy
Long Term 60 Day Commodity Channel 100 Day Moving Average vs Price
50 - 100 Day MACD 100-Day Average Volume - 965047
Short Term - Avg. 100% buy Overall Average: 85% - Buy
Pivot Point
In the January 17th edition of Barron's (page 16) there is a full page article on the burgeoning Video Conference market and I quote "The most promising developments for the market's growth are taking place in the corporate arena. Corporate video conferencing, by far the largest segment of the field, is starting to move from the conference room to the desktop PC, allowing employees in different offices, towns and even continents to chat face-to-face as easily as they now send RESULT: The market for corporate video conferencing gear should jump from $6 million in '03 to nearly $180 million in '08, says Wainhouse Research, a Brookline Mass., outfit that specializes in the Some savvy investors are already staking out positions. "There is a chicken and egg problem," acknowledges one such enthusiast, Ross Margolies, the chief investment officer of Saranac Capital Management. That is, many consumers and companies may not want to dive in until more of their friends and colleagues have the technology. "But." Margolies says, "video over the Internet is ready to move to the desktop and finally ready for prime time." End quote.
With DRVW's clear leadership position in both the Video Conferencing and the Video phone arena, DRVW look like a sure winner in '05. The purpose of this advertisement is to provide publicity for the advertised company, its products or services. This advertisement is not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and does not provide an analysis of the financial position of the company. OTCPro.com is not a registered investment advisor or broker-dealer. This report is provided as an information service only, and the statements and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. OTCPro.com accepts no liability for any loss arising from an investor's reliance on or use of this report. An investment in DRVW is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment. An affiliate of OTCPro.com has been hired by NDE Group and Ken Shenkman for the publication and circulation of this report, and received from NDE one million free trading shares of common stock of DRVW and by Ken Shenkman two million free trading shares of common stock of DRVW for a total of three million shares. OTCPro.com has also been promised an additional one million shares that have not yet been delivered and OTCPro.com and affiliates have no other relationship to NDE or Ken Shenkman. An affiliate of OTCP has sold 1.3 million shares of DRVW stock as of the writing of this advertisement. Subsequently OTCPro.com may buy or sell shares of DRVW stock in the open market. Since an affiliate of OTCPro.com has been compensated there is an inherent conflict of interest. This report contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks, and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, see the SEC filings of DRVW including the company's most recent annual and quarterly reports.
To be removed from our list click here
or send use a letter to
PO Box 480173
Delray Beach, FL 33448
