
@_date: 2003-11-16 21:27:15
@_author: Very Happy Patients  
@_subject: Doctor, Why Does Money Follow Me Everywhere? Ah, You Have HQL.... 
What is HQL you ask? HQL is a very serious problem on the internet at the moment, especially for people like bankers, loan sharks and credit institutions.
The reason is that with HQL , people don't need these type of companies any more and that is sending them broke! Marketers worldwide are going beserk with HQL. They've never seen anything like it. It's distinctive, exceptional and most importantly, it's catching on FAST.
You soon know when you've got HQL. People start looking at you as though you're special. Well with HQL, you are special
because you have something that they haven't got. You can feel a special kind of "zing" happening... What type of zing?
    > Magneti-ZING     > Randomi-ZING     > Viral Adverti-ZING Click here to get that zing --> Yes, if you haven't figured out what HQL is yet, you really need to find out right now. You can't afford not to get HQL
At least by reading this, you won't need to waste a trip to the doctor. You'll know that it's OKAY to have HQL. People will admire you more for it. It's something to be proud of.
Here's the link again:
With the holiday season coming up, now is the perfect time to make sure you have HQL. Anyone without it will be left
Click the following link right now to find out exactly what  HQL is and how you can get it as well. It feels good to be
To your success!
PS: Once you get HQL, hold on to it as tight as you can...
Believe me, it's VERY powerful! PPS: If you think this is a joke - it's not. HQL is real. It does exist and more and more people are catching on
very quickly. Find out why you should get HQL today.
You are re`ceiving this because this address posted an FFA link to Lead Club's FFA Network (Free For All) for free ads.*
(including FFA Net, Traffic Wave, wwKiosk, 123 Success, Inweb Lead Management, World Wide FFA Network, 9000 Leads, or ANY FFA link submitter service*)And as a condition agre`ed to re`ceive email from paid PRO members when doing so. This is our only source of addresses.
If You did Not post a fr`ee FFA link or use the search engine, PLEASE use the remove link in any case. We ONLY mail to the fully 0pt-ln lists we get as paid FFA members and have no way of knowing if someone has used your email address without your permission. If you Did post a link, maybe you didn't realize that by doing so you fully 0pted in to receiving PAID members emails in exchange for posting for fr`ee. Using a secondary email account is always the best thing to do.
To be re`moved from the database you MUST c1ick here:
  Allow 24 HOURS To Be Processed.  If someone used your address without your permission, we can't help that. You will still be re`moved regardless of how you got in the system.
