
@_date: 2017-06-19 16:53:00
@_author: Georgio Soros 
@_subject: <nettime> Hungary: new NGO law passed 
The US has enough rapefugees, faggot, thanks.
There has been some progress:
And some prolonged uncertainty:
- - - -
DAPA, Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful
Permanent Residents:
DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals:

@_date: 2017-06-19 17:27:00
@_author: Georgio Soros 
@_subject: NO ONE expects the Spanish Inquisition!!! 
Did you forget what list you are posting your MGTOW cuckery on,
realnewsanon ?
Not cryptocrappy.

@_date: 2017-06-19 17:06:00
@_author: Georgio Soros 
@_subject: Putin: "You get a land! And you get a land! And you get a land! Everybody gets a land!" 
What is wrong with Russia ?
Putin Becomes First President To Give Free Land
To All Citizens Willing To Farm:
- - - -
Russian President Vladimir Putin has become the first world leader to
offer every single citizen a free hectare of land in any part of Russia.
Putin has agreed to expand a program that offers citizens land in
Russia’s Far East to all of the country’s regions.
The President discussed his plans during a Q&A session on Thursday,
saying that he believes there is so much land in Russia that everybody
should be entitled to a piece of it.
“There is enough land in Russia. Forty-three million hectares of
farmland alone are not used for their intended purpose. These are huge,
just huge land reserves,” Putin said.
Under the Russian version of the Homestead Act, every citizen can get a
free hectare of land in the Far East, if they are willing to put it to
good use. Within the first year, the recipients must declare how they
want to use the land, and, in three years, must report on how it is
being developed. After five years, the land can be sold or leased.
Some 93,000 applications have been received since the program was
launched in June of last year and nearly 20,000 of those have been approved.
The regions with free land on offer include Yakutia, Kamchatka,
Chukotka, Primorye, Khabarovsk, Amur, Magadan, and Sakhalin, as well as
the Jewish Autonomous Region. The land can be used for any lawful
purpose, but the new owners cannot rent, sell, or give the land away for
five years.
Foreigners are also eligible to use the land, but the registration of
full property rights is only possible after the recipient becomes a
naturalized citizen.
