
@_date: 2004-01-28 20:55:57
@_author: #ieooui 
@_subject: Broadcasting Tonight: The Patriot Act 
“CAPITAL PUNISHMENT:
“The Patriot Act:
Give Me Liberty, Or Give Me…?”
America’s Premier
Social-Political Talk Show
With Talk Show Host Steve Feuerstein      Speak Your
Piece!..Intelligent Talk Radio…  Broadcasting January 28, 2004 on Speak Your
LIVE" on WSNR-620 Every Monday
& Wednesday 10PM – Midnight        
Also Live and
archived on the Internet: 
v      
Justice Abner J. Mikva, Served
with distinction in all three branches of government as a five-term Democrat
congressman from Illinois, Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals
for the D.C. Circuit, and White House counsel for President Bill Clinton; In
1979, President Jimmy Carter nominated Justice Mikva
for the federal appeals court in the District of Columbia, a seat of judicial
power second only to the Supreme Court; He
has also served as a law professor at the University of Illinois and the
University of Chicago, and writes frequently about judicial and political
v      
Mayor Edward Koch,
as the 105th Mayor of New York City for three terms; Served for nine years as a
Congressman and two years as a member of the New York City Council; Received two
battle stars and was honorably discharged from the 104* Infantry Division with
the rank of Sergeant in 1946; A television commentator and syndicated
columnist, Mayor Koch is also the author of twelve books.
v      
Sid Sheinberg, Former President and Chief Operating Officer
of MCA, Inc. During the years of his tenure, Universal Pictures, a division of
MCA, Inc., released the highest-grossing films of each of the past three
decades; Serves as Vice Chair of Human Rights Watch International Board and
Co-Chair California Committee (South) of Human Rights Watch.  Co-founder of The Children's Action Network;
Recipient of the Simon Wiesenthal Center's Humanitarian Award and the Medal of
Honor from the American Academy of Achievement; 
Founder of The Bubble Factory, an entertainment company, with his two
v      
Frank Gaffney, Former Assistant
Secretary of Defense of The United States; Founder and president of the Center
for Security Policy in Washington, D.C.; columnist for the Washington Times;
Monthly contributor to Defense News and Investor's Business Daily; Contributing
editor to National Review Online; Nominated by President Reagan to become the
Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Policy, the senior
position in the Defense Department with responsibility for policies involving
nuclear forces, arms control and U.S.-European defense relations; Also served
for four years as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear Forces and
Arms Control Policy under Assistant Secretary Richard Perle.
v      
Ruth Wedgewood, Professor of International Law and Diplomacy
and Director of the International Law and Organization Program at Johns Hopkins
University’s School of Advanced International Studies; Currently senior fellow
at the Council on Foreign Relations; chairman of Research and Studies for the
American Society of International Law; Adviser to the Department of Defense on
the issue of military tribunals in response to the September 11 crisis; Member
of the Secretary of State’s Advisory Committee on International Law.
Also LIVE & archived on the Internet at Speak Your Piece! (wsnr-620) is hosted by Steve Feuerstein, one of the most
refreshing and authentic voices on America's talk show circuit. He has a broad
world experience with over fifteen years media experience working in Asia, Europe and the Middle East and zeroes in on the tough issues with intensity and passion. 
The show personalizes the major social and political issues impacting the
American community and the world.  "Feuerstein offers a
fast paced and hard-hitting look at the issues that matter most to us
all!" 
He is joined every Monday and Wednesday at 10:00pm by former radio host and television correspondent and WABC-Channel 7
producer Tom Weiss. “Live Call-In”……Call in LIVE and
speak your piece with questions or comments by phoning 212-799-8233 or toll
free 866-4-MY-SHOW. You can email your questions to speakyourpiece To be removed from this list kindly email unsubscribesyp
