
@_date: 2002-01-14 18:55:06
@_author: "Stef Caunter" 
@_subject: Re: CFP: PKI research workshop 
Sent: Monday, January 14, 2002 12:44 PM
They may be connected, but save and except in the case of active
man-in-the-middle attack I maintain that ssl's confidentiality, which is
free, is what sells certificates. I use a free Thawte email cert for
confidential communication; my identity is verified through their
notarization system, again free.
Browsers have CA root trust hard-coded into them. All commerce sites rely on
their use and code with their use in mind.  The commercial browser
manufacturers also sell certificates. It is clearly difficult to engage in
encrypted commerce without a major client browser development kit and a CA
provided cert.  The appearance of ease-of-use with a commercial certificate
and commercial browser implies _greatly_ that thing which is explicitly
_disclaimed_ by these people.
Why not? A self-generated certificate correlating to an ns and whois record
pointing to an active business with a human to answer inquiries seems
reasonable and no more disclaimable than CA evasiveness.
Yes. Trust can be earned and vouched for by other third parties. Trust
"points" are a commonly used method on the big auction sites. The Thawte Web
of Trust works without the blessing of a financial transaction. I'm
interested; why do we feel we have to point at something we bought to
facilitate ssl transactions? Commercial browser and commercial security
interests often promulgate the anxiety they claim to alleviate.

@_date: 2002-01-14 15:55:11
@_author: "Stef Caunter" 
@_subject: Re: CFP: PKI research workshop 
Does a user of ssl services care to know absolutely that they are
communicating verifiably with whom they believe they have contacted, or does
the user care to know absolutely that their communication is completely
I believe that the latter is most important; transparency through
certificate presentation is kept deliberately expensive and is, as has been
noted, often disclaimed by CAs, and is compromisable. It's an artificial
system of site security perpetuated by the interests of commercial browsers.
Why can't self-verification be promoted? Why can't an nslookup call be built
into certificate presentations?
Yeah I know there's no money in it and certs are one of the few things that
actually makes money on the net, but sometimes the built-in dumbing of the
commercial internet user by their browser goes too far.
The pure truth of mathematical encryption is sold and packaged as a
"certificate" to the internet user, when in fact its power and utility is
free of charge, and it is only disclaimed with respect to future or unknown
Stef Caunter
$ find /self -ctime +1
