
@_date: 2013-09-22 18:00:28
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] RSA equivalent key length/strength 
That's a mischaracterisation I think. Some folks (incl. me)
have said that 1024 DHE is arguably better that no PFS and
if current deployments mean we can't ubiquitously do better,
then we should recommend that as an option, while at the same
time recognising that 1024 is relatively short.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-29 19:12:54
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
My take on the proposition, as an individual, (*) intended
for Lars benefit.
- I don't think Dragonfly was mishandled in any important
way, nor is it at all important. I think that the proponents
involved in the dragonfly related discussions on both sides
have not helped by raising the temperature needlessly and
(it seems to me) in some cases quite deliberately. I would
discount pretty much all of the dragonfly related discussion.
(And as previously noted, the TLS WG are not progressing
their equivalent here, making the topic even less interesting.)
- I do think its valid to raise the question of NSA influence
given that NSA are reputed to be spending US$250M per year
("BULLRUN") to defeat Internet security mechanisms. That does
differ from the usual corporate axe-grinding that our processes
have been designed to counter. However, from what I can see so
far, our processes seem to be about as good a counter to
BULLRUN as can be done for the IRTF or IETF. (Asking the
question in the IETF as to whether we could do better would
be good, and I will bring that up after Lars has made his
decision here. I don't think discussion of that topic by those
ignorant of current processes is useful.)
- I do not think that the opinions of people who've only
appeared on this list for this discussion should be counted
as equivalent to those who have made ongoing contributions
to the IRTF and/or IETF. I'd weigh opinions from those active
in CFRG most, but only slightly ahead of opinions from those
with a general history of useful contribution to IRTF/IETF.
- I do not think that affiliation alone is a sufficient reason
to fire a chair, even given BULLRUN. While there is a "press"
downside to having Kevin as a co-chair, I think that is outweighed
by the overall damage that would accrue for firing a chair based
solely on affiliation. (In case its not clear from the above, I
see no other reason to remove Kevin as co-chair.)
- However, I do think that CFRG has not been as active as I'd
like to have seen in recent months, given BULLRUN and snowdonia
more generally. I would love to see ongoing detailed work within
CFRG as to how to counter pervasive monitoring. Right now, partly
due to CFRG inactivity, two other cryptography lists are highly
active, but with a lower SNR than I'd expect were CFRG participants
to try tackle the topic with sufficient chair involvement. This is
a criticism of all CFRG participants, not solely of the CFRG
co-chairs. However, the chairs do bear some additional responsibility
for list inactivity. (**) I assume that that lack of chair activity
is down to lack of cycles for the current chairs. If not, then
that might be useful (for Lars) to explore. I also assume that the
lack of general activity is mainly down to the same thing for other
participants. While I could imagine a universe in which people held
off from posting to this list because Kevin was a co-chair, I
have not seen any evidence of that having been the case. If that
has happened, then the people who didn't post on that basis should
say so (to Lars at least).
Overall, I do not think Kevin should be "removed" but I do
think that CFRG would benefit from an injection of energy,
possibly including via new or replacement chairs and I'd love
to see that energy devoted to working to counter pervasive
monitoring, to the extent that CFRG can help with that.
Lastly, I'm fine with Lars using his judgement on all of the
above, as IRTF chair, and I don't see any need to rush the
decision as to how to handle the request.
Hope that helps,
(*) For those involved in this discussion who are not familiar
with how IETF/IRTF works, "as an individual" means that
since this is the IRTF, the fact that I'm an IETF security
AD shouldn't count, nor the fact that I co-chair the DTNRG.
(**) In saying that I take the blame similarly for a lack of
cycles to help chair DTNRG recently. And I already told Lars
I'd be happy to be replaced as DTRNG co-chair if/when he can
find a good alternative. That last is important too - new
co-chairs don't grow on trees. Ironically, the main reason
I've not had time for DTNRG is all the perpass stuff;-)

@_date: 2013-12-24 15:08:41
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Opinions about EtM were different in 1995 as I recall.
I'm not myself sure that an EtM variant of TLS would not
have had similar instances of problems - the evolution of
attacks on TLS has been interesting and I hope we've all
learned a lot of lessons from what is really the first time
we've scaled out deployment of a security protocol to that
The above is inaccurate. Yaron wanted their draft in UTA. And
languishing since September is laughable. Even the TLS renego
bug RFC took 4 months, and that was much more of a deal than
Yaron's draft. (Yaron's and the other work to be done in UTA
are very important, but don't rise to that level.)
You misunderstand how the IETF works. I can't tell anyone what
to do and expect it to happen. (Luckily, because I'm wrong about
stuff just as often as others;-)
The UTA WG was formed within about a month of IETF-88. That is
lightening fast for this-decade's IETF. (We might bemoan that,
but that's where we are.) That speed was partly as a result of
encouragement from me and other members of the IESG, but the
real impetus comes from the community, not the leadership.
I think that there are fair criticisms to be made about the rate
of progress in TLS, and those have been made on that list and
Sean (the responsible AD) and the chairs are working to improve
matters. I'm confident they will.
But to understand that, you need to take into account things
like the deployment rate for TLS 1.2 and the factors that impacted
on that. Most of those are not under the control of the TLS WG,
never mind its chairs. (Again, the IETF and IRTF are volunteer
organisations - demands for action don't make sense there.)
But in any case, that's a topic for the TLS list and not here.
Sarcasm? Will that help?
Honestly, I think taking up David's challenge to write the
draft(s) he mentioned would be a better way for someone new
to the RG to help out.
Your offering to chair seems meaningless to be honest.
More sarcasm. And combined with ignorance as to how the IETF works.
As I said above IETF area directors don't get to tell people what to
do. Participants are volunteers. For TLS, take your concerns to the
TLS list.
I've no idea what you mean. But we can probably pass on.
No effort is nonsense. I think you mean you disagree with some
of what has been done and would like it all to be done faster.
Other than the blatant overstatement which doesn't help at all,
there are a lot of people who'd share that opinion. Making the
statement as you've done is however, counterproductive if your
goal is to improve the situation and not to grandstand.
I'll look forward to seeing how you help to make things better.
"Independent analysis" exposes your misunderstanding of the IETF.
*You* can do an analysis and write that up in an I-D. And see
Yoav's mail about the TLS renego bug and how many eyeballs missed
that (incl. mine of course). Its nice that you think everything
can be solved easily. Reality tends to disagree.
That's nonsense. UTA has just been speedily chartered.
I don't believe those are real queries, but just point-scoring
rhetoric. Do you think such rhetoric is helpful? Ask yourself
if it is or not.
And I would recommend that folks getting involved in the IETF or
IRTF do not start off by getting involved in process issues but
rather dive in to do technical work, writing or reviewing drafts.
(And I don't mean review-as-point-scoring, I mean review with a
goal of improving the outcome.) Its much easier to understand
the limits of process change after you've done some of the
technical work and far far too easy to spout well-meaning
rubbish about process change if you've not.
Somewhat. I would like to see discussion of how to make it better
and more useful.
I'd love to see the RG discuss that and figure out what they think
is doable. I suggested some topics and others have added what look
like additional reasonable ones.
Not sure what you mean. But there is IMO good evidence that the
IETF is best at standardising things that were initially done
outside the current WG setup. That maybe wasn't the case say
20+ years ago, and isn't really anything to do with security I
think. Giving IETF WGs a blank sheet from which to start does tend
to result in failure I think. But I'm sure other folks who have
participated might disagree with me on that. I wouldn't say there'd
be a rough consensus on the topic across the IETF nor the
security area.
I don't see how anyone who wasn't participating could offer a
useful opinion on that unless it was the topic of a master's
study or something (some brave souls have done that;-). But
some variation on your question is reasonable to ask, if its
directed towards trying to figure out how to improve our
processes and outputs.
PS: Whee-hee - last of many mails from me before the break:-)

@_date: 2013-12-24 03:41:11
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA1
Then question those, as appropriate.
AFAICS, there was discussion of dragonfly and Kevin reported
fairly on that. I can buy a criticism that too much of that
discussion was at f2f meetings and not on list, but honestly,
as Yoav said, and as demonstrated by the TLS WG chairs
conclusion - nobody really cares about dragonfly except Dan,
and those opposing dragonfly. (Incidentally Dan has done
loads of fabulous work in the IETF that I do know about.
I can buy arguments that's he's right on wrong on this one,
but arguments that he's some kind of bad person are just
If you find the dragonfly thing problematic, then you will
presumably find the fact that Kevin also reported to the TLS
WG that chacha20 was fine equally problematic. From my pov
that was subject to only a little more CFRG discussion, even
though its far more significant. And in that case the CFRG
conclusion that Kevin again correctly reported is one that
takes us outside the NIST suite-B box. (Luckily, the salsa/chcaha
thing has been well-debated in the academic crypto community
so there was far less angst than in the dragonfly discussion.)
If you or someone else were not a part of those discussions
then your first duty is to review the list archive and not
to make assumptions as to what might have happened.

@_date: 2013-12-24 03:12:25
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Research group chair. Sorry to be pedantic, but we need to start
out at least understanding that the IRTF cannot produce an IETF
I do. (But am annoyed.) I think that laziness in those who are
opposed to pervasive monitoring is as damaging as laziness in
those who think their local governments can do no wrong.
There is serious laziness in this thread so far, by which I
mean the assumption that guilt-by-association is not hugely
damaging once accepted and the level of ignorance of what is
the actual situation.
I accept that people find it jarring that someone who works for
an organisation spending US$250M/yr undermining Internet security
can be an ok co-chair. However, David works for a large multinational
as do many many RG and WG chairs. I get funded by an en EU FP7
project and have in the past worked for large companies that did
get money from UK MoD and other similar customers. If you actually
think it through, then the pure who-chairs question reduces to
only being a matter of perception iff we have the level of
transparency we have. And I hope we (the IETF and IRTF) maintain
what is much more a core principle which is to not be driven by
irrational perception but to pay most attention to engineering and
science. (Whilst not being "pure" in any respect:-)
The reason the who-chairs thing reduces to perception is that
if that is not true, then our processes can be far more easily
undermined by anyone who has an axe to grind. And almost all
participants in standardisation do have some axe to grind. (I
think someone else pointed that out before as well.)
The main effect of chairs is that they either move the discussion
along well, or badly, or not at all. The only situations where a
chair can really dominate are ones where nobody really cares about
the outcome anyway. And there are (in the IETF) appeal processes
in case someone thinks stuff has gone wrong. The IRTF differs in
that respect since the IRTF doesn't do standards.
I disagree, on the basis that I think we (IETF) have done that
for decades. More recently for IRTF, but it inherits a lot of
good IETF processes.
For me, figuring out how to mitigate pervasive monitoring is
far more important.
It is fair to dismiss concerns where those appear to be based
on an impressive level of ignorance of how things actually work.
Those with such concerns should ask questions, and those would
be welcome, but baseless suppositions e.g. that some real people
are invented are just plain dumb.
PS: I am not saying that all the how-stuff-works is very obvious
and ought be known, but I am saying that those who don't know,
should start by finding out before casting aspersions.
He is most definitely a real person.

@_date: 2013-12-24 02:35:49
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA1
So I'm willing to bet that you don't know that the entire IAB
met with Kevin to review the CFRG in Vancouver, as is commonly
done with one IRTF RG each IETF meeting. Its quite reasonable
that level of detail is not common knowledge but it is not
reasonable for what might be a substantive discussion about
how CFRG ought deal with snowdonia to be turned into a
kindergarten side-show based on apparently total ignorance as
to how the IRTF and IETF actually do business.
If you (and others who've very recently turned up on this list)
actually care about pervasive monitoring, you should desist
from this kind of nonsense and think more about how to mitigate
the problem.  Or at the very least, ask questions about how things
are, and don't start off by making stupid insinuations. The
entire discussion calling for Kevin to stand down or be removed
is IMO just a distraction from what ought be a real debate on
this list.
That real debate would consider how to more quickly spot that
the ECC DBRG reports were worth serious consideration, how to
deal with nothing-up-my-sleeve parameters, and how to deal with
a future where NIST are no longer the gold-standard for vendors
of important systems and we'll need to have some way to deal
with the likes of 25519. And perhaps whether the status-quo
dividing line between CFRG and the IETF is correctly drawn
at ciphers and modes of operation.
The guilt-by-association drama that we've been seeing is
entirely getting in the way of that much more important debate.
PS: Yes, my language above is immoderate. Frankly, I am quite
pissed off that this side-show is distracting from more real
progress on mitigating pervasive monitoring.

@_date: 2013-12-24 01:59:44
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA1
Oh FFS. Please cut the crap. That level of non-debate is just
Let me suggest you all (especially the obvious set of folks
who've just recently started posting to this list for just
this topic) take a rest with the infantile gibberish at least
until after the holidays.
For those who are concerned about the pervasive monitoring
at which the US and UK have been caught red-handed, this kind
of silliness just undermines real progress. Please try to
think about what is likely to be long-term effective before
spouting stuff like the above.

@_date: 2013-12-23 16:25:30
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
What is not clear about [1]?
Since there are clearly people who are not up to speed
on the issues, I'll save you the trouble of a click:
[1] says explicitly that Dan's dragonfly-based draft is
not being progressed with the TLS WG. And that statement
from the TLS WG chairs pre-dates the start of this thread
by four days.
[1]

@_date: 2013-12-21 18:03:56
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Yes, dragonfly was handled that way. I can't recall when was
the time before that to be honest, so its rare. My main point
was that you shouldn't expect a large well-informed population
of IETF participants when it comes to this discussion. Those
that are well-informed, are probably here already.

@_date: 2013-12-21 17:32:59
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
I think that's a misunderstanding. IETF WGs can choose to ask
CFRG something and are then free to figure out what they think
of any answers received, so "rely on" is not correct. And it
doesn't happen often, so we don't have a broad set of IETF WGs
with participants that are familiar with CFRG. Those that are
are probably subscribed here. I'd say Lars is right that CFRG is
probably the best place for discussion.

@_date: 2013-12-21 14:49:19
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA1
Just to note: the original request and follow-ups have
been sent to cfrg and not cfrg which
means they didn't get filtered as cfrg mail usually does
for me. I think both aliases for the list work though,
but better to use the proper list address. (As done

@_date: 2014-01-15 12:26:33
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Fair enough.
Yep, a good question. And one I can't answer. I don't
recall if the SSL surveys count servers that can do
anon-dh ciphersuites but that'd be a start.
There we disagree again. I figure most people didn't
want anon-dh because they wanted at least web server
authentication and we also wasted a lot of time on
trying to push TLS client auth, which was probably
more of a disconnect between security folks and
(web) application developers. Anyway, I don't think
there is one single reason for pretty much anything
as complex as what does or does not get widely
[...maybe-realistic pessimism elided;-) ...]
Perhaps you're right, and maybe I'm naive, but I think
we should try nonetheless. I guess we'll see how it
comes out in a few years. If I'm right I hope things
will be variously better. If I'm wrong it'll be more
or less the status quo or worse, but I think that last
is the inevitable outcome if we take your approach
and don't engage.
All that said, the IETF is just one bit of the whole
thing, so working outside that context is just as
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-14 09:21:55
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
TLS has always included anon-dh ciphersuites, going back to 1996
at least. [1] It could be interesting to think about why fewer
protocols wanted to use that, and why its not been implemented
and deployed widely, but its in the protocol and always has been.
I have no idea what that's supposed to mean, other than
being a pejorative. And 'committees' is plain wrong, IETF
WGs are mailing lists to which anyone can contribute, quite
like this one, but with some more structure because they
exist to produce output. But the IETF is far from perfect
of course.
Anyway, if you want to change the IETF then you can do that
simply by being involved. If you want to just tell the IETF
how to change from the sidelines, then you can even do that,
you've a day and a bit left to submit a position paper. [2]
(I do think it'd be good to have some position papers from
outside the usual consensus so I do mean that.)
[1] [2] The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2015-01-03 20:09:27
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] New Encryption Standard of the Russian Federation GOST Grasshopper 
With how many folks did you make contact? I did see some traffic
here and one or two other places, but am not sure how broad a net
you cast.
I don't know how that'd pan out with the IETF's rough consensus
process (surveys being vulnerable to various effects) but thinking
about ways of reaching out is worthwhile yes. I'll feed that back.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2018-01-06 03:34:37
@_author: Stephen Farrell 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Speculation re Intel HW cockup; reqs. OS rewrites & slow execution 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protocol="application/pgp-signature";
 boundary="ecomm4KRk3hIExMdx3sQx34i9J9fcdsP5"
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References:  <406B44AF-8878-43E5-8A86-A5D81EF2B446
 boundary="------------ED2645EC380FA4D3E120046A"
Content-Language: en-GB
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 name="0x7B172BEA.asc"
