
@_date: 2009-03-28 18:32:16
@_author: Stephen Mullins 
@_subject: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET 
There are really two scenarios here.  In one you know the password and
may not wish to divulge it.  In the other, you have legitimately
forgotten the password.
Assuming this is all working through the legal system, you could
challenge the lower court rulings and wait for the Supreme Court to
make a ruling (I'm sure this will end up at that level before it's all
said and done).  You might rot in jail in the interim.
At that point you would consult with your lawyer on whether the
encrypted data is damaging enough to land you in prison for longer
than the "refusal to hand over password" mandatory sentence.
If you have legitimately forgotten the password then you would serve
the mandatory minimum sentence for refusal to hand over passwords to
law enforcement.  I believe the mandatory minimum sentence for someone
suspected of terrorism in the U.K. that refuses to hand over passwords
is 5 years.  The sentence for just about anything related to terrorism
is probably much more severe.  Your mileage may vary.
It would be stupid to make use of encryption technology in a nation
with mandatory minimum sentences for refusal to hand over passwords
unless the data you are encrypting is more damning than the minimum
sentence.  This leads to a fun situation where you can logically make
the argument that anyone using encryption MUST be up to felonious
deeds that carry a sentence greater than the minimum.  This just
doubles up on the defacto encryption ban in a nation with such laws.

@_date: 2009-03-07 22:10:24
@_author: Stephen Mullins 
@_subject: Re: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop - CNET 
Is it not plausible that he forgot his key phrase after a year of not
typing it?  A twenty to thirty character key phrase is pretty easy to
forget if you don't use it frequently.  Frankly, I'm pretty sure that
after a year I'd have forgotten a 20 to 30 character key phrase,
especially if it was a truly strong pass and not based on natural
language or 1337.
The problem with this is that it takes us to where the U.K. is today -
refusing to hand over passwords on demand to the police results in a
minimum sentence of 2 years in prison.  This is essentially a defacto
ban on encryption technology by virtue of the risks of forgetting a
password being so great that it simply does not make sense to use it
at all.
I don't like where that leads.
Steve Mullins
