
@_date: 2002-06-19 06:46:48
@_author: ADV 
@_subject: (ADV) OTCBB:SCDD    A Company On The Rise. 
Untitled Document
    Equity Alert 
 Special Situation and Alert:
    Secured Data, Inc. (OTC BB: SCDD) Secured Data, Inc. (NASDAQ OTC:BB: SCDD) is a technology
    company that is dedicated towards introducing its software and
    hardware ASP products and solutions to the overburdened judicial
    and law enforcement communities in the United States. The Company acquired its core technologies from iCyber-Data,
    Inc. in February of 2002, including the Court Manager
    SuiteSM, an ASP software package and service designed to
    seamlessly integrate data and information from various federal,
    state, and local judiciaries and agencies into a single, easy-to-use
    Internet and Intranet interface, and IDNet, an ASP
    solution that provides law enforcement personnel in mobile locations
    with access to criminal justice databases and command-and-control
    features via wireless PDA devices. The nature of the this
    one-stop, remote demonstration package also aptly lends itself
    to detailed customization, and interconnectivity with clients
    who's budgetary constraints may limit their ability to fully
    network with other agencies. REASONS TO =
-Increasing security concerns create an opportunity for SCDD
    to expand product offering.
-SCDD's Court Management Suite beta testing has demonstrated
    increased courtroom and case management efficiency, and reduced
    court and administration costs by almost 50%.
-The government IT marketplace is tremendous and growing
    at a CAGR of 8.6% from 2001's figure of $82 billion in
    revenues to an estimated $114 billion by 2005.
-The market for judicial management IT software and
    services alone exceeds $1 billion annually.
-Ready for sales - SCDD spent 2 years in research and
    development and $2M to develop their proprietary Court Management
    Suite software.
-SCDD recently completed a successful beta-testing
    phase in 22 judicial locations, and the Company has already
    entered into a service contract with Hillsborough County,
    Florida.
-SCDD expects to have sales exceeding $9M and achieve
    positive EBITDA in 2002. The Company also expects sales
    to reach $71M in 2003 with an EBITDA of
    $21.5M or $1.62 per share.
         COMPANY:
 Secured Data Inc.
         SYMBOL:
 SCDD
         SHARES OUTST:
 13.2M
         APPROX. FLOAT:
 2.0M
         MARKET CAP:
 $2.6M
-SCDD has initiated discussions with industry leaders
    in the networking field to market the Court Manager System
    and IDNet applications, penetrating other vertical markets
    such as military operations, hospital systems and commercial
    conglomerates.
SCDD'S =
In our opinion, there are 2 ways to value SCDD, one
    a multiple of earnings, and two a multiple of revenues. According
    to Multex, SCDD’s peer group trades in the marketplace
    at 21.82 times earnings. Based on the company's projections of
    $1.62 per share in earnings for the 2003 fiscal year, this
    would equate to a stock price of $35.34 per share. If we
    take the conservative view that the company only does 20% of
    what it says it will do we are looking at a target price of approximately
    $7.09 per share in twelve months (based on 2003 EBITDA).
If we look to value SCDD on a multiple of revenues,
    then we should look no further than Alladin Knowledge Systems
    (NASDAQ:ALDN). Unlike Alladin, SCDD is expected
    to be profitable in their current fiscal year, the primary
    difference for the most part is, Wall Street has not heard of
    SCDD. If SCDD were to trade today in the marketplace,
    at the same multiple of revenues as ALDN (which is 0.5
    times), then based on the company's forecasts of $71.3 Million
    in revenues for the 2003 fiscal year, this would equate to a
    stock price of $2.67 per share.     Continued concerns in the administration of the judicial system
    creates a potentially positive outlook in SCDD’s
    revenue and earnings growth, we believe that SCDD is
    an undiscovered (until now!) and undervalued investment opportunity
    for risk oriented investors. As Wall Street uncovers SCDD's
    story, we believe this could have positive effects to SCDD’s
    share price.  Disclaimer:
Emerging Equity Alert provides information
    on selected companies that it believes has investment potential.
    Emerging Equity Alert is not a registered investment advisor
    or broker - dealer. This report is provided as an information
    service only, and the statements and opinions in this report
    should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or
    sell any security. Emerging Equity Alert accepts no liability
    for any loss arising from an investors reliance on or use of
    this report. An investment in SCDD is considered to be highly
    speculative and should not be considered unless a person can
    afford a complete loss of investment. Emerging Equity Alert has
    been retained to distribute this report on SCDD and has been
    paid 150k free trading shares by a third party. This report involves
    forward looking statements, which involve risk, and uncertainties
    that may cause actual results to differ materially from those
    set forth in the forward - looking statements. For further details
    concerning these risks and uncertainties, see the SEC filings
    of SCDD including the companys most recent annual and quarterly
    reports.
  If you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing
    list, please Click
    Here or call us at 1-866-667-5399, or write to us at: NOUNCE1,
    6822 22nd Ave. N, St. Petersburg, FL 33710-3918
