
@_date: 2005-02-18 21:58:33
@_author: "Rex Tumulak" 
@_subject: Hi, there this is no joke it's the real thing 
Hi, Have you ever experience working on the internet hoping to earn some extra cash and ending up with
nothing at all but wasting both time and money?
not to mention a great effort?
We'll I have, for 2 years I move from program to program and ending up with nothing at all
Some programs don't even earn that much as I hope to earn despite the effort... Some are just plain old SCAMS and there's plenty of it in the enternet... So i said to myself forget it....
Until I run into this Program... but before I decided to hop on the band wagon. I took time to ponder on some posibilities basing on a not so productive experience....
Since there's plenty of it on my part.... So I let two of my close friend join in ahead of me since they were more enthusiastic about it
than I am.... And to see for myself if they can actually earn
And boy they did... After a month since joining
the program they started earning at an incredadble
rate..one even got a highier rank in less than two weeks after joining the program...
That was on 2004 a year ago when they joined in just emagine where could they be now???....
Seeing there success I figured its my turn to "hop in" and join the band wagon....
and its more than what I expect....
It has every thing a net-worker can imagine:
* Unlimited Earing Potential * More Freedom
* Minimal Investment
* residual Income
* Proven Business
* Financial Security * Up-line support
Best of all (basing on my experience) where can any one find a program that actually pays a whopping 70% Commission volume! Imagine being able to earn not only on your downline sales, but your up-line, cross-line and vertually every sales made worldwide regardless of who's organization they belong...
It actaully Works!!! A garanteed program for every one. I should know coz I'm part of it.
And you can be a part of it too....
Just sign-up for a FREE Tour by sending a Reply note to: resurgence with the following information
Subjuct: "I Want more"
(check your email after 24 hrs.) Name (complete):
Phone No. (optional):
Since your personal info is needed in getting  access to the system. Your own unique demo tour url will be sent to you via email with a subject headings :  a. " Your Activation Link "
b. " Your Unique Demo Url "
You lose nothing in responding to this invitation. So do not deprive yourself of getting this valuable information that may help better your life.  I made the best move yet....would it be great to do the same???? To be remove from our mailing list pls. email to: remove_me_pls
