
@_date: 2005-02-14 18:59:15
@_author: "Mrs. SHIRLEY YEMA GBUJAMA" 
@_subject: Greetings 
Mrs. Shirley Yema Gbujama
Minister of Social Welfare,
Gender and Children Affairs
Sierra Leone.
Greetings to you.
With warm heart, I offer my friendship, greetings, and I hope this mail
meets you in good faith. However strange or surprising this contact might seem to you as we have not
met personally or had any dealings in the past, I humbly ask that you take
due consideration of its importance and the immense benefit it will be to
After careful consideration with my children, we resolved to contact you
for your most needed assistance in this manner. I duly apologize for
infringing on your privacy, if this contact is not acceptable to you, as I
make this proposal to you as a person of integrity.
First and foremost, I wish to introduce myself properly to you. My name is
Mrs. Shirley Yema Gbujama , mother of three and the Minister of Social
Welfare, Gender and Children Affairs and other ministeries  for Eight years running.
I will now give you a general overview of the situation. When I was sworn
in as Minister of Social Welfare, Gender and Children Affairs  in 1996,
with my influence, my late husband Anthony Gbujama, a very successful
businessman was awarded several contracts in my ministry and had direct
dealings with foreign investors in this field. Due to my political status,
I was not involved in my husband's business which was very vast and
successful. My beloved husband died whilst on an official trip to one of
his project sites, where they were attacked by rebles and killed and their
corpese were never found.
When my husband died, I was contacted as next of kin by a private security
firm in Europe to come forth with the Certificate of Deposit and claim a
safety deposit my husband has in their Vault in his name. At that time, my
children and I did not have an idea where the Certificate might be. We then
instructed the security firm to continue holding the safety deposit
until further instructions from me. Whilst preparing for the second remembrance of my beloved husband, I was
going through his library collection and to my astonishment I discovered a
Certificate of Deposit and Contractual Agreement for the safety deposit of
a consignment with a private security firm in Europe. The safety deposit
were   trunks, and stocked with hard currency (US Dollars) totalling
US$80,000,000.00 which was generated from cash payments from his business
associates in the diamond trade.
Though I knew my late husband was in the diamond business, I did not have
the knowledge that he moved out funds in cash. This has came as a shock to
me and my children, and we have decided to have this funds invested
immediately in commercial and residential properties abroad as well as
profitable ventures, as any member of my family cannot hold such a huge
amount in our name due to my political status, hence we sincerely propose
to you to render us your most needed assistance in this regard.
If you agree to render us your assistance, your role in this project will
be to act on my behalf as a trustee to receive the safety deposit
containing the funds from the Security firm. Though I believe this
transaction should be based on mutuality, my family's interest will be
protected by you as an associate. For your reliable assistance, we are
offering you 10% of the funds. I thank you in advance as we anticipate your
assistance in enabling us achieve this goal.
On hearing and accepting my proposal from you, I will forward the contact
of the security company to enable you establish contact and ascertain that
such deposit are with the comapny, while I intruduce you to the company as
our representive who will be retrieving the said deposit. I will be working
with you until the mutual conclusion of the processes and will be looking
forward to a long lasting business relationship with you. As you may
understand, due to my sensitive position in the present government, it is
not safe to communicate with me via phone or fax, but by email only. This
is why I have communicated with you with my private email address, and I
like us to keep this way for the safety of this transaction.
Whether or not you are interested in assisting us, this will enable us make
alternative plans, in the event of non-interest on your part. Fianlly, you
may view my profile on the following link:-
I can also be contacted on this email address:-
With warm regards,
Mrs. Shirley Yema Gbujama.
