
@_date: 2004-05-30 05:52:21
@_author: "randolph boissoneault" 
@_subject: Kcxo Str0ng Pain Meds, bvy them 0n1ine quick and easy 
gnh-bauhaus  gillilan  hot-babe  Get every medication you may ever need and many more.. Stop the pain, here's how: vico*din
We make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need
.. O T To exclude yourself from future 0ffers, please go visit our we-bpage
On a special Teachers Day, a kindergarten teacher was receiving gifts from
her pupils. The florist's son handed her a gift. She shook it, held it
overhead, and said, "I bet I know what it is----some flowers." "That's
right" the boy said, "but how did you know?" "Oh, just a wild guess," she
said. The next pupil was the candy store owner's daughter. The teacher held
her gift overhead, shook it, and said, "I bet I can guess what it is----a
box of candy." "That's right, but how did you know? " asked the girl. "Oh,
just a wild guess," said the teacher. The next gift was from the son of the
liquor store owner. The teacher held it overhead, but it was leaking. She
touched a drop of the leakage with her finger and touched it to her tongue.
"Is it wine?" she asked. "No" the boy replied. The teacher repeated the
process, touching another drop of the leakage to her tongue. "Is it
champagne?" she asked. "No" the boy replied. The teacher then said, "I give
up, what is it?" The boy replied, "A puppy!"
Four best friends met at the hospital since their wives were giving births
to their babies. The nurse comes up to the first man and says,
"Congratulations, you got twins." The man said "How strange, I'm the manager
of Minnesota Twins." After awhile the nurse comes up to the second man and
says, "Congratulations, you got triplets." Man was like "Hmmm, strange I
worked as a director for the "3 musketeers." Finally, the nurse comes up to
the third man and says "Congratulations, you got twins x2." Man is happy and
says, "Ironic, I work for the hotel "4 Seasons." All three of them are happy
until they see their last buddy jumping all over the place, cursing God and
banging his head on the wall. They asked him what's wrong and he answered,
"What's wrong? I work for 7up"!
kanoashi2honjoush07izunagao,danjuuro haiketsu.
