
@_date: 2005-04-03 09:28:04
@_author: tamb_x@latinmail.com 
@_subject: Confirm receipt.asap 
Direct Tel.:+871-762-535915
Direct Fax: +871-762-535916
Corporate Tel.:+27-839494291
I am Dr. E. Tutu, a native of Cape Town in South Africa and I am an
Executive Accountant with the South Africa Department of Mining & Natural
Resources. First and foremost, I apologized using this medium to reach you
for a transaction/business of this magnitude, but this is due to
Confidentiality and prompt access reposed on this medium. Be informed that
a member of the South Africa Export Promotion Council (SEPC) who was at
the Government delegation to your country during a trade exhibition gave
your enviable credentials/particulars to me. I have decided to seek a
confidential co-operation with you in the execution of the deal described
hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it as a
top secret because of the nature of this transaction.
Within the Department of Mining & Natural Resources where I work as an
Executive Accountant and with the cooperation of four other top officials,
we have in our possession as overdue payment bills totaling Eighteen
-Million, Three Hundred Thousand U. S. Dollars, which we want to transfer
abroad with the assistance and cooperation of a foreign company/individual
to receive the said fund on our behalf or a reliable foreign non-company
account to receive such funds. More so, we are handicapped in the
circumstances, as the South Africa Civil Service Code of Conduct does not
allow us to operate offshore account hence your importance in the whole
This amount Eighteen Million, Three Hundred Thousand represents the
balance of the total contract value executed on behalf of my Department by
a foreign contracting firm, which we the officials over-invoiced
deliberately. Though the actual contract cost have been paid to the
original contractor, leaving the balance in the tune of the said amount
which we have in principles gotten approval to remit by Telegraphic
Transfer (T.T) to any foreign bank account you will provide by filing in
an application through the Justice Ministry here in South Africa for the
transfer of rights and privileges of the former contractor to you, hence
provide me with your private/direct fax number for the form to be send
across to you.
I have the authority of my partners involved to propose that should you be
willing to assist us in the transaction, your share of the sum will be 15%
of the (Eighteen - Million, Three Hundred Thousand U. S. Dollars).80% for
us and 5% for taxation and miscellaneous expenses. The business itself is
100% safe, on your part provided you treat it with utmost secrecy and
confidentiality. Also your area of specialization is not a hindrance to
the successful execution of this transaction. I have reposed my confidence
in you and hope that you will not disappoint me. Endeavor to contact me
immediately through my above Tel/Fax number or my e-mail address, whether
or not you are interested in this deal. If you are not, it will enable me
scout for another foreign partner to carry out this deal I want to assure
you that my partners and myself are in a position to make the payment of
this claim possible provided you can give us a very strong Assurance and
guarantee that our share will be secured and please remember to treat this
matter as very confidential matter, because we will not comprehend with
any form of exposure as we are still in active Government Service and remember once again that time is of the essence in this
I wait in anticipation of your fullest co-operation.
Yours faithfully,
Dr. E. Tutu  E-mail address: mrsmary25
