
@_date: 2001-09-28 18:39:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Escaping the Plague 
I was reading Tucker's new book "Scourge" yesterday, and he outlined the reasons for militarizing smallpox. The Sov rationale was for a laydown _after_ an all-out nuclear war, to clean up any remnants.
Those on the Soviet side, also nuked, would be in bunkers and would have ample opportunity to be vaccinated.
Also, smallpox is not airborne in any widespread sense, that is, it is not carried aloft in the jetstream. Thus, it would not drift from the U.S. or even Europe into Russia.
Tucker's book is too heavy on the drama of "chasing down the last smallpox in the wild" and announcing the Official Eradication and is too light on the Biopreparat/Vector/India-1967 stuff. Alibek's book is maybe more germane (cough cough). I haven't yet seen Judith Miller's new "Germs" book.
A piece of triva. Tucker is part of the Monterey Instititue for International Studies, though he located on the east coast. I expect ties to the anti-terrorism program at the adjacent Naval Postgraduate School (where infrequent list contributor Kristin Tsolis is based, involved in AUM cult and bioterrorism issues....I assume she's in overdrive right now).
Another piece of trivia. Author Laurie Garrett, who wrote "The Coming Plague," is a UCSC graduate.
Tucker's book has an interesting description of how the U.S. helped the U.S.S.R. "spin their wheels" on "worthless" biological and chemical warfare work, to distract them from nuclear work.
Some U.S. agents, the subjects of recent books (don't recall the names, but I glanced at them a couple of years ago, and Tucker cites them as sources), dropped hints to the Soviets that the U.S. had made major strides in CBW. This was designed to distract the Soviets, to get them to spend money on dead ends.
Well, besides spending a lot of money on smallpox and nerve gases, the Soviets apparently had a breakthrough: the developed a nerve gas much more potent than VX (which kills quickly with just a microscopic We hadn't counted on that.
I've got this one covered. Nothing but the Pacific Ocean west of me. Some back roads, some beach houses, but nothing that's in the top 10,000 target list.
South of me is the aforementioned complex of Defense Language Institute, Naval Postgraduate School, Naval Undersea Warfare Center branch office, Monterey Institute, and the main West Coast satellite downlink site in a radio-quiet zone back in the hills behind Big Sur.
Given the prevailing winds, no real risk to me. Moving and panicked crowds would be a bigger risk, but I expect most of them would think to head north out of the SF Bay Area, or maybe east into the Sierras. Not a lot would try to make it over a mountain pass to my section, unless they had a specific place to go.
If this be paranoia, let us make the most of it. And paranoia can be so much _fun_.
On a completely serious note, experience from many past scourges and plagues has shown the wisdom of "going to the country." Or at least not hanging out in schools, shopping centers, and, worst of all, "relocation centers." Sleeping in a gymnasium with 300 other refugees is just about the worst possible scenario.
Though I think such an attack is only slightly likely (and then probably semi-botched and "only" killing a few hundred or a few thousand), it takes little effort to "think about the unthinkable" and make minimum preparations. For example, think about a relative in the country you could visit, have a "bug out bag" in the garage or car, have enough cash and stored food to last a few weeks, and so on. There is much written about this topic.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-27 02:05:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: How ID Cards might be made de facto mandatory, but not de 
You are uninformed.
Read up on Terry stops, the Lawson case, and what it takes to have someone committed.
If you think it trivial to have someone committed to a mental institution, I have nothing further to talk to you about.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-27 01:43:47
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Canada's justice minister preparing bill to limit 
I admit/regret that I live in an almost perpetual state of "I told you Pretty much everything that has unfolded was clear to me in the 1988-92 period, and I have the essays and postings to prove it.
The implications for ZKS were also obvious. In a meeting I had, at their request, with Austin and Hammie, facillitated by Lucky Green, and then joined by sheer happenstance by Jim McCoy (*), I even anticipated this current problem.
(* We met at the cafe next to Kepler's Books in Menlo Park, and Jim McCoy happened to wander by.)
I asked Austin and Hammie how their centralized system, localized in Montreal, would handle the situation of the hijacking of a plane carrying the Queen. (I also gave as examples child porn and contract killings.). Austin and Hammie both said "We would not be able to trace a Perhaps so, though less obviously so than when a message has gone through 10 remailers, with nested encryption, in 5 different countries.
Anyway, my response was this: "The RCMP will tell you to produce the origin of the message or will order you to shut down. They may tell you to produce the origin AND shut down."
Such is the risk of being highly-visible and a "single point of (There is no evidence that Freedom was used by any of the attackers in the 911 event, but they could have been users. The point about a single point of stoppage remains.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 16:20:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: FBI monitoring "extremist" groups 
Last time I checked, she/he was planted in four (4) "extremist" groups. She/he may be in more, using other names.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-23 20:35:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Rumsfelt vs. bin Laden 
Well, the Cypherpunks and Hacker community have long attracted queers like you.
(At the Hackers Conference, I sometimes think I'm in a convention of freaks. Cross-dressers, gender-change bizarroids, polyamory nerds, the whole she-bang. One reason I haven't been in several years.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-22 16:03:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: More on Pakistan's nukes...and the Taliban getting to them 
Apropos of what I was saying about India hitting Pakistan's nukes if it
looks like the fundamentalist Muslims will get to them, here's an
article I just saw, excerpted.
Adding to this report, I saw some Pakistani high school kids, in a
physics class (BTW, a physics class such as one might see at the Bronx
High School of Science, not your typical h.s.), explaining with great
enthusiasm that they were all planning to become "mujuhadeen" to
sacrifice themselves for the Jihad. This is what the West will be facing
over the next generation. Keep your powder dry.
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 20 2001
The nuclear threat
Pakistan could lose control of its arsenal
BY NIGEL HAWKES
West's worst scenario
A LEADING authority on Pakistans nuclear programme has given warning of
a nightmare scenario in which a destabilised Pakistan lost control of
its nuclear weapons to supporters of the Taleban.
Mr Perkovich said that Pakistan has about two to three dozen potential
nuclear weapons, all based on highly enriched uranium. Tests carried out
in 1998 demonstrated that they work. Pakistan also has medium-range
missiles capable of reaching targets in India, if no farther afield.
In normal times, they keep the warheads separate from the missiles, he
said, and the fissile uranium  the core of the weapon  is not kept in
the warhead, which consists of electronics and high explosives, but
doesnt have the fissile core in it. Its all dressed up and nowhere to
The fissile core, about the size of a melon and weighing up to 66lb, can
be sub-divided into segments that can be stored separately. So the
entire weapon can be split into components that in themselves are
--end excerpt--
*	Sept 14
*	Sept 15
*	Sept 17
*	Sept 18
*	Sept 19
*	Sept 20
 	HELP	 	CROSSWORD	 	SEARCH	 	CONTACT US	 	TERMS & CONDITIONS

@_date: 2001-09-22 00:11:17
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sun Setting On Uncle Sam's IT Empire 
I worked in Intel's R&D group for a number of years, and I still know many of the researchers. I was there when the mantle of chip research was effectively passed from IBM to Intel, where IBM and other computer companies came to Intel (and a few other chip companies) to learn more so than chip companies looked to IBM.
This doesn't match what I know of Silicon Valley. Even with today's depressed stock market, the sheer amount of _money_ the leading chip and tech companies has dwarfs anything the rest of the world can put That someone could argue that the "industry is no longer rich" and that the labs are "dead" is ludicrous.
I hear he runs an interesting list, but as a judge of technology he looks pretty flaky.
Plenty of thriving businesses in Silicon Valley and elsewhere.
Nonsense. The best R&D has come out of industrial labs. The nature of R&D has shifted, as the number of basic new discoveries has understandably declined.
And I can tell you that almost nothing of importance to IBM or the computer industry has come out of the Watson labs in the last two decades. A lot more has come out of Cisco, Intel, even Apple.
Yeah, get that government boondoggle revved up in Australia.
What Australia needs is just _one_ major tech company...right now they have not a single world-class tech company.
He doesn't know much about actual industry.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-21 18:26:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Government credentials and picture IDs not a useful thing for 
It's too bad so many people are so confused about what a "Web of Trust" Do I need a "positive picture ID" of Lucky Green to communicate with him securely? Black Unicorn? Pr0duct Cypher? Eric Hughes? Attila the Hun?
The notion that a particular credential with a picture on it means anything, or should be given weight, is one of the most dangerous ideas there is. For the obvious reasons.
As a hint, the people you _don't_ want to trust are a helluva lot more likely to have nice, neat picture IDs than people like Lucky Green are.
--Tim May (not my true name)

@_date: 2001-09-20 02:26:26
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Operation Infinite Justice 
Not to sound like a warmonger, but an idea came to me today, upon hearing that the new military operation is now named "Infinite Justice."
Take the multicolored ribbon many are using to symbolize the events of
Then turn it on its side...
Complete the loop and it becomes....
The infinity symbol....
Infinite Justice
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-19 18:40:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Wartime Crypto Laws 
Kahn's book on Codes has much on WW II, including mail opening laws, restrictions on radio use, etc.
Computer crypto obviously didn't exist back then, so we need to look to letters, radio, microdots, etc. for what may be coming.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-19 04:10:47
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Enemies amongst us 
Thanks, Bill, for the heads-up,
--Tim May, Corralitos

@_date: 2001-09-17 14:14:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Simp-wimp fellow travellers pushing key escrow systems 
Yep, "citizenQ" is one of the simp-wimps.He hides behind his Hushmail and Ziplip accounts, possibly using remailers fed into them, but then calls for regulating crypto and privacy.
Not all those calling for key escrow and the other accouterments of repression are simp-wimps: some are hopeful sellers of key escrow schemes. "Chefron," our Dutch fascist, is one of these hopeful sellers of key escrow systems.
The guy who sent out letters to Dorothy Denning, Baker, and others is But the arms dealers of repression need the simp-wimp fellow travellers to give them moral cover.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-17 02:17:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Martial Law provisions 
You might want to check Michael Froomkin's page. Several years ago he did a paper on executive orders.
I could be wrong, but I believe he said some of the worst of the suspensions established by Lincoln himself were technically still on the books, including suspending habeas corpus (meaning, holding without production of evidence or reason for holding).
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-16 19:18:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Just say "No fucking way!" to bailing out the airline companies 
Anyone who has travelled by plane in the past decade knows exactly why they were and are on the verge of bankruptcy: they converted themselves into low-margin versions of Greyhound buses, with the crowding and chaos and lowlifes we used to see in Greyhound and Trailways bus terminals 30 years ago.
I'm not being elitist, just noting the obvious.
They bought extremely expensive pieces of machinery (jets), with borrowed money, and then counted on keeping them at 80%+ capacity in order to meet their debt payments. And a dozen of these airlines all set themselves the goal of being "the next Southwest," complete with the InstaTicket cash machines, long lines, and cattle-cars-to-Aushchwitz amenities. "Would you like a second 1.5 ounce bag of pretzels?"
Not surprisingly, these cattle cars in the sky face bankruptcy if the flow of cattle slows for even a few days.
So now we are to bail them out.
Why not bail out Circuit City, whose sales of big screen t.v.s have plummeted? How about Intel, as people quite reasonably put off purchases of 1.7 GHz PCs? How about Ford, where SUV sales have all but stopped?
Bailing out the airlines and other industries is state socialism. And as with most cases of socialism, it perpetuates their bad ways and punished those (few) companies who prepared.
Besides, the shut-down of several airlines due to bankruptcy liquidation will dump a lot of planes at low prices on the market, will reduce overall capacity, and will help restore the industry to the new lower level of flight reality. I wouldn't want to hold their stocks, though. Nor Boeing's.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-16 00:22:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Harry Browne and Why America Needs to be Broken Up 
Thanks very much for the reference to the Harry Browne essay...I endorse every bit of it. (I first encountered Harry Browne in 1973 when I read his book "How I Found Freedom in an Unfree World." I had just voted for John Hospers, the first Libertarian Party candidate the year earllier, the first year the new LP ran a slate of candidates. This was back, almost 30 years ago, when I still had a little bit of faith in the process of voting and democracy.)
Not much I can add to Browne's essay except to point out that these united states are made up of people trading, inventing, building, and interacting. We refer to the "states," but even this gives too much emphasis to the role of government. The "state" I have lived in for 35 years is the sixth or seventh largest economy in the world.
I ask you this: If California and New York and Texas and a dozen other regions were independent, libertarian trading  regions, with no gunboats sent to rescue ZOG occupiers in Palestine and no armies sent to Europe to fight their war for them, and no police forces in Somalia, Bosnia, Macedonia, Croatia, Korea, and a dozen other hellholes, WOULD THE ATTACK HAVE OCCURRED?
It's time to decentralize. Since peaceful attempts have failed, maybe other approaches need to be used.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-15 19:24:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Lists of those to be arrested in a state of national emergency 
I'm watching an ABC special on Gen. Groves, the builder of the Pentagon and manager/commander of the Manhattan Project.  (One of the first breaks from WTC-specific news, and even this is of course related to the Anyway, they just showed the papers that had J. Robert Oppenheimer on a list in May 1941 of those who were to be arrested by the FBI in the event that a "national emergency" was declared. As it happened, Oppenheimer was _not_ arrested, nor placed in concentration camps the way most Japanese- and (some) German-ancestry Americans were.
(They actually showed the papers authorizing the arrest, should an emergency be declared.)
But this shows that such lists have in fact existed. And that mere academic scientists were on such lists. Thought criminals, as they had no involvement in government agencies or the military.
We are now in a state of national emergency, declared by Bush yesterday.
Draw your own conclusions.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-15 16:06:17
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
AF and NN have also claimed that we, as a list,  are complicit in making bombs because we "tolerate" the clueless bombz d00dz who are probably AF talks about how close he/she lives to the Bush ranch in Texas, he/she talks about bombs and judge killings...he/she is clearly attempting some sort of incitement or entrapment.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 17:06:44
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The Escrowed Diary of Anne Frank 
The time for argument is past.
And "democracy" is the pair of wolves outvoting the sheep on what's for Or Hans and Marta outvoting Anne on what she may write in her diary.
Your "pick your approved provider" is probably acceptable to the Dutch. They accepted past repressions very well, of course.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:49:29
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Ending States That Support Terrorism" 
India has pledged that their airbases may be used by the American Jihad When the war starts, I would not be at all surprised if India uses the chaos and confusion to launch a nuclear strike against their mortal enemy Pakistan.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 06:10:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Why I'm Not Writing Impassioned Essays in Defense of Crypto and 
When I see the calls for giving up the Fourth and First Amendments, the calls for backdoored crypto, the claims that Cypherpunks must put on "CypherAngels" red berets and join Curtis Sliwa and the San Francisco Police Academy in using their skills to narc out evil persons who choose not to escrow their diaries with the local and federal police, I am (I have written half a dozen posts suggesting some of these people simply be killed by any means possible, but I have deleted most of them before sending. Frankly, I see a war coming and I see that hundreds of thousands of "them" need to be exterminated. But I digress.)
I don't have the desire, energy, or patience to write the kinds of essays I wrote in 1992-95 (and even earlier, 1988-1991, before the Cypherpunks list). I wrote then about the implications of privacy, about the First and Fourth Amendments, about the technologies that were inexorably changing the landscape of fhe world. A lot of others did as (I guess I'm sort of glad, for nostalgic reasons, that my friend Eric Hughes wrote his "elegiac" piece...except I fell asleep after a few paragraphs of the Kennedyesque say-nothing-but-say-it-eligiacally article. Note to Eric: get some fire back in your belly, boy! This is war, and I don't mean war against some Arabs.)
Newcomers like "Nomen Nescio," "Aimee Farr," and "chefron" are now whining about what some of them call "moral crypto" and are calling for "cooperation" with the government. Sort of like "moral hotel rooms," where every hotel videotapes room activities and "only shares when government shows a good reason." Or like calls for "ink escrow," where potential subversives, and everybody in fact, escrows their journal and letter writings just in case O'Brien feels a need to look at the writings of Lucky Green, Winston Smith, or Tim May.
Feh, this is well-trod ground.
Why am I not writing impassioned defenses of crypto? Because it was all said back in 1992-3 when the Clipper issue arose.
(Clipper was leaked in April 1993. Very longterm subscribers may remember that I took an article written by Dorothy Denning (yes, _that_ Denning!) to likely mean a proposal was being considered to require government backdoors for all crypto. I wrote an artcle for sci.crypt entitled "A Trial Balloon To Ban Crypto?" which generated something like 500 responses on the Usenet, plus discussion on the brand-new Cypherpunks list and the Extropians list. This was in October 1992, almost 9 years ago. Deja/Google does not go back this far, nor do the Cypherpunks archives currently on the Web. But, I assure you, this I lack the patience to re-write the defenses of privacy and crypto I and others wrote so many years ago. I have probably averaged a few posts per day for 9 years, or, perhaps ten thousand or more posts. Some were just followups, but many launched threads. Perhaps 100 or so were major essays. Whatever, if I have not said it by now, a few more posts to try to convince Aimee Farr (who seems to read nothing of past discussions) or "chefron" or "Nomen Nescio" will obviously not make a difference. The 2001 debate is shaping up to be just a super-fast-forward version of the 1993 debate.
Frankly, I have lost patience in many ways. I think most _active_ enemies of liberty should simply be killed. Lined up against the wall if there are ever trials, or killed en masse in their dens if necessary. Nothing is to be gained by arguing with them.
I don't care if newbies to the issue are "put off" by my lack of patience. Others can play the role of high school teachers explaining the basics of the Constitution. And the archives exist, even if not all the way back to 1992-5. My own Cyphernomicon exists, from 1994, in (apparently) enough pieces that even the New World Order cannot stamp it The new Ludlow book, "Crypto Anarchy, Pirate Utopias, etc." (title similar to this) has some articles written by several of us that are better than anything we could write from scratch to use in argument with "chefron:" and "Nomen Nescio."
Finally, I have finally received the proof copy of my chapter in Vernor Vinge and Jim Frenkel's long-delayed re-issue of "True Names." My chapter is entitled "True Nyms and Crypto Anarchy" and makes my strongest case. Unfortunately, I wrote the chapter several years ago, expecting publication by 1998 at the latest. The project was delayed and delayed and then I heard nothing and then it was announced and then delayed and...you get the picture. Jim Frenkel is urgently seeking minor corrections, with the final contract FedExed to me a few days ago, just in time to get caught in the WTC grounding! Talk about irony.
I really don't care if Nomen Nescio and Jim Choate and Agent Farr like or dislike what is inevitably coming. It is coming, and millions will pay the price for their criminality. Hundreds of millions more will learn what freedom means.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 03:38:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Pick your trusted encryption provider and communicate with 
Cypherpunks, I am forwarding this complete with names of cc:s attached to show you some of the enemies out there. I've gotten several personal e-mails. I am asking Declan, my friend, NOT to forward my posts to his various lists.,
Too many statists who gibber as this fool "chefren" does.
(I have no idea whether "chefron" and "Rob Carlson" are the same person or not...part of the chaos of having my stuff sent to other mailing lists. For now, I am assuming it is only this "chefron" creep who deserves to be blasted.)
This is a disgraceful argument, which I have no particular interest in arguing with you on.
Declan, apparently you have been forwarding my posts to you one or more of your lists. Please do not do so. I have no interest in receiving arguments from some of the untermenschen who choose to subscribe to some of your lists.
To you untermenschen: don't send your socialist/statist arguments to me personally. If you want to argue, join the lists I am on.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:06:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: U.S. hypocrisy about freedom of press in U.S.-hating countries 
Perhaps we should rename the two towers First Amendment and Second I've seen Congressvarmints complaining that the problem with countries around the world is that they "allow" too much free speech. (He was demanding that Egypt, Jordan, Israel, Syria, and Pakistan put a stop to the laughter and cheers of people celebrating the WTC and Pentagon Some years ago I would have been shocked to hear U.S. officials calling for press crackdowns, but I have grown accustomed to this. The U.S. position in Sudan, Bosnia, etc. has been to _disarm_ ordinary farmers and merchants, to _control_ newspapers, and to institute random searches and seizures.
They argue that the Bill of Rights obviously applies to U.S. citizens (or, they admit, maybe to non-citizens residents in the U.S. and its territories). This notion that the U.S. should press for disarmament of civilians, for press restrictions, for warrantless searches and seizures, and for other such things (*), all shows the utter hypocrisy of the U.S.
It is rank hypocrisy for U.S. Congressmen to be calling for crackdowns on the press of other nations.
No wonder they laugh when we are attacked. "Look on your works, ye mighty, and despair."
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-13 16:18:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: New FAA measures likely to fail as well 
[I am removing Politech from the dist. list. Cross-posting to mulitple lists is a terrible idea. Decide which list you want to talk on, then do it _there_.]
I've had that exact Boker ceramic knife for about 5-7 years now.
Of no use for bypassing metal scanners, as the case/handle is titanium. (Titanium is not ferromagnetic, but metal detectors work by inducing eddy currents, which is why aluminum is detected by metal scanners.)
Furthermore, the blade is alumina (aluminum oxide, Al2O3) and should show up clearly on x-ray scans. So should the titanium.
More interesting are the various plastic knives the CIA has used for many decades. Hard enough to cut flesh, but won't show up on either metal detectors or x-ray scans. (Sen. Feinswine: "We must put an end to the unauthorized use of plastic. We must enact a ban on discussion of these Undetectable Assault Knives. It's for the children!")
The next set of hijackers will carry quick-acting cyanide solutions in aerosol spray bottles: spraying a couple of stewardesses will be as effective in terrifying the rest as stabbing them was in this recent --Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-12 21:48:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: terrorism 
[Tim's note: This is from John McCarthy, Professor of Computer Science
(or AI, or similar) at Stanford. Prof. McCarthy was the originator of
the term "artificial intelligence," invented the language LISP, and has
been a creative thinker for many decades. I have always admired his
no-nonsense approach to problems. I ran across this article in

@_date: 2001-09-12 21:06:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Manufacturing consent 
If a car or hotel room had not been found with Arabic writings and tapes, it would have been necessary to invent the materials.
The CIA has an entire department which does nothing but manufacture such --Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-11 01:15:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: federal bureaucrats, frequent fliers? 
Those same bureaucrats previously ruled (through the IRS tax code) that employees would be taxed at their normal tax rates on the putative market value of any "air miles" their employers allowed them to keep.
Seem the various equal protection laws would forbid any special tax benefits for "military and federal" employees.
However, since we are now an adhocracy, nothing more will be heard of this argument, least of all in the courts.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-12 18:22:17
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Bombings, Surveillance, and Free Societies 
*	To: cypherpunks
*	Subject: Bombings, Surveillance, and Free Societies
*	From: tcmay (Timothy C. May)
*	Date: Mon, 4 Mar 1996 12:51:40 -0800
*	Sender: owner-cypherpunks

@_date: 2001-09-12 20:19:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Alejandro transports" 
These auto-rants were copied to many newsgroups about a month or so ago.
I doubt they are any kind of stego communication. For one thing, by being so obvious, they are not actually stego. Might was well just post pure crypto text. For another, the tight clustering in time suggests just a scattershot attempt to have some newsgroup fun.
The inclusion of words like "SSL and "Blowfish" suggests to me that someone just inserted these into the particular Markov rant generator. I don't know which particular rant generator was used,  however.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-13 18:52:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Threat Analysis 
I wonder why Agent Farr warns about our list "tolerating" bomb discussions, and then posts her own provocateur bomb discussions.
I wonder why Agent Farr refers to the "sick people in here" who cite names of LEAs and then makes a point to cite LEA persons by _name_.
Agent Farr arrived from _nowhere_ just after the election last year, with no previous detectable online interests, on half a dozen of the most "controversial" mailing lists and discussion groups. She began baiting and provoking, and when that failed, starting her own "Bomb Law Reporter" and attempting to entrap discussion group participants in what she has claimed are "dangerous" activities.
She has recently claimed that our failure to support Big Brother-friendly networks makes us equivalent to the WTC actors.
The witch hunt began a long time ago, but it has taken on new dimensions recently. Expect to see the real Agent Farr, who is very probably not named "Aimee" in real life, testifying before Congress on his "undercover" operations to shut down the Cypherpunks, PGP, and Extropians lists.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-13 21:35:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Congress mulls crypto restrictions in response to attacks 
This is the main reason it is ESSENTIAL that the "rest of the world" NOT (repeat NOT) support the U.S. in their upcoming actions against the likely WTC terrorists.
If Russia, China, India, Pakistan, the Arab countries, and of course the European nations "sign on," this will truly usher in a New World Order. Strong crypto will be banned so quickly our heads will spin (those of us not already arrested and dealt with).
I have no idea how to derail this freight train that is beginning to gather speed.
Dark times are coming. I'll bet a complete ban on strong, unescrowed crypto is passed in all European countries, Russia, China, Japan, and the U.S. by, say, December 15th. Congresscriminals are stumbling over their feet in their race to repeal big chunks of the Bill of Rights. For most countries, with no real Bills of Rights, the statists will use this to cement their own power.
Dark times.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 03:58:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Ending States That Support Terrorism" 
This shows how rapidly the freight train has gathered steam. Even the _tech_ reporters, with a few obvious exceptions, are leading the calls for suppressing the Bill of Rights.
Be sure to get the name of the host for the files. When this war is over, I expect hundreds of thousands will need to be sent to the wall.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 02:55:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Ending States That Support Terrorism" 
Syria and Libya expressed condemnation of the WTC event, so I expect they looked at the likely upcoming firestorm and decided they'd better sign on with Uncle Sam. Cuba did as well.
I think this worsen things for us, because the New World Order is gathering a huge head of steam. Expect to see a worldwide ban on privacy, with Fidel Castro invited to the White House.
This is exactly how it is looking.
Feinstein, Schumer, Feingold, Lieberman, and all of the other usual suspects are scrambling to repeal what they can of the Constitution.
I'm betting, as I said in my last post, that strong unescrowed crypto will be illegal by December 15th.
(Not that this would have stopped the WTC cells from planning their attacks in apartments, motel rooms, etc., nor from using the signals they sent over pagers and cell phones. Good old-fashoned codes are impossible to defeat.)
Or noting who is flying them upside down, the symbol of distress.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:58:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
What is called terrorism is just warfare carried on in one of its many

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:36:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: How to win the new war 
We are not "post-national." The "end of history" forecast by Fukuyama has not happened.
I can't speak for _you_, but *I* am not supporting "global copdom." Don't volunteer my money, please. Join the Foreign Legion if you want to fight in Sudan.
Shred the Constitution! Arrest those who speak out against this American Fatuous nonsense. Those who choose to live or work near "soft targets" should deal with the consequences, not those of us who understood the nature of soft targets many years ago and took steps to distance (Paying to "harden" football stadiums is a lot like paying to help people rebuild houses on beaches.)
You are not a friend of ours. This is such a leap into the Surveillance State Void that I am speechless that any member of our list, even Choate or Farr, could advocate it.
You are dangerous to the cause of liberty. It is not *my* business as a free citizen of these united states to tell the Arabs and Zionists where there border must be and then to enforce it. Reread what George Washington said 200 years ago about foreign entanglements. Reread the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights.
It's scary that so many people like you are out there, screaming for intervention and crackdowns on liberty.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-16 05:52:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
Munich Re sounds more likely. Let me check the Web...
Yep, Munich Re was one of them:
"The stocks of the three reinsurance companies  AXA in France, Munich
Re in Germany and Swiss Re in Switzerland  dropped 13 percent to 15
percent in the week before the attack.
       Analysts suggested at the time that the drops were anomalous 
unexplained  since the reinsurance business was healthy and premium
payments were on the way up. "
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:24:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The Winds of War 
Congresscriminals are already calling for restrictions on public speech in other countries. A bandwagon of support for banning whispering (crypto) is building. "Choose your escrowed diary provider!" say the apologists for fascism.
Here's what I expect will happen in the coming weeks:
* a massive military attack on Afghanistan and possibly "rebel bases" in many parts of the Mideast
* a series of hastily-passed new laws restricting communications (with remailers targeted specifically because they by their nature are not in "compliance" with CALEA)
* on the day the war begins, next week or in the weeks thereafter, a series of raids on those operating remailers, those who have identified these repressive measures, and those who have spoken against the American Jihad or who have publically opined that the WTC bombing resembles the Reichstag Fire
* these raids will be done in the usual pre-dawn, ninja-clad storm trooper way: flash-bangs, shoot anything that appears to move, put the perps _down_!
* many of those arrested in the raids may not actually be prosecuted, as even pliable courts will find little or no constitutional basis for prosecution, though some fraction will die while "resisting arrest" (a few highly-publicized "barricade situations," a la Waco, should help with the terror campaign)
* those not arrested, shut down, kicked off their ISPs,  or killed will be driven underground, or, in most cases, will "promise not to do it again" and will meekly become the Carnivore Administrators for their * Robb London and Jeff Gordon and their ilk will be promoted to new positions within the National Unity Government and will be asked to detail their successful prosecutions of notorious cypherpunk terrrorists
* Congress will hold endless hearings reminiscent of the House Un-American Activities Committee hearings. Activists and crypto advocates will receive subpoenas. The media, even the newly-fascist tech media, will villify them.
* Someday, perhaps in 20 years, wiser heads will realize that shredding the Constitution in support of some Zionists who pushed Arabs (called "sand niggers") off of their lands was not a good idea.
War is coming. Against us, against liberty, against the Constitution.
If I stop posting in the coming weeks, you'll know why.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-14 17:45:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Carnivore Early Deployment 
You think it unlikely they're monitoring your e-mail? How quaint.
The nature of Carnivore has been to "gulp down" with a very wide mouth. I expect that those who set up the watch lists simply take all the lists they can--of Arabs, of people like us, of political activists, etc.--and merge them into a master list. Probably something like 50,000 or so names. It costs little to tag these messages.
But I expect the real issue is not Carnivore, which is a fairly clumsy way of putting a box at an ISP. Ever so much easier to just sniff the networks and grab it all, then filter.
Remember the hoopla about whether the NSA could sniff domestic networks? Remember that we have known for many years that the UK/USA agreement lets GCHQ sniff our networks, we sniff theirs, and an office at Fort Meade then consolidates. Also recall some informed speculation that AT&T LongLines were deliberately routed across Indian reservations specifically to skirt this issue (according to the source, reservations qualify legally as beyond the restrictions on domestic survelliance a la And it's all pretty silly to think the Big Ears are *not* listening and sniffing. Congressvarmints have already blabbed that the NSA has been intercepting _all_ cellphone traffic and it will only be a matter of computer crunching to retrieve the cellphone calls from the passengers on the doomed flights (and from the suspected terrorists).
Legal niceties about snooping and sniffing are being swept aside in this American Jihad.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-16 02:12:18
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Readers Digest poll - vote now 
I don't count this as a civil liberties violation. However, it's idiotic. After the worries about _bombs_ on planes, the call  was for an end to _checked_ baggage, that all baggage would be _carry-on_. Now it swings in the other direction.
I have long accepted that air travel may someday involve people changing into travel smocks and carrying essentially nothing with them. (One idea I heard years ago made some sense: airlines could save a fair amount of costs by eliminating luggage completely and having cargo planes carry any necessary luggage. Passengers could ship a bag ahead of time and have it at their destination.)
Naturally, I'd like to see more "rules competition": airlines that have El Al levels of security competing with "All Smoking, All Guns" airlines competing with "No forks and knives" airlines.
Since internal passports cannot be required, this is problematic. However, I support the notion of Tim's Airline demanding any kind of papers it wishes to.
Already done, already ineffective. Catches _some_ guns, not others. Doesn't catch Zytel knives, sharp pieces out of laptops, aerosol cyanide, etc..
(The woman whose office was immediately next to mine was killed when an airport employee carried a gun on board her flight, forced his way into the cockpit, and (apparently) shot the pilots and/or the control electronics. Her plane fell from 35,000 feet into the hills near San Luis Obispo. A PSA flight, circa 1987-88.)
The real violations of civil rights are the many proposals, some likely to pass unanimously in Congress, to outlaw strong cryptography, to require key escrow, to suspend Fourth Amendment protections (even more so than they have already been ignored), to ban certain organizations (so much for freedom of assembly), and to dramatically increase wiretaps.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-15 15:25:44
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Readers Digest poll - vote now 
The sheeple are being asked in online polls, in man-on-the-street surveys by news crews, just how many civil liberties we should give up.
Tim's Alternative Poll:
Q: What do you think should be done to those who violate the Bill of Rights, for example, by suspending various of our civil liberties?:
a) arrest, trial, and, if convicted, lengthy imprisonment for tens of thousands of cops, judges, bureaucrats, and others complicit in any way whatsoever with this suspension of civil liberties
b) victims should fight back with all resources, and, if possible, kill their attackers
c) all government employees involved in such a suspension should be herded together and then doused with aviation fuel and lit...
d) we should demand to know why the CIA, er, the Taliban, altered its plans to hit the Capitol and instead diverted at the last minute into a nearly empty section of the Pentagon

@_date: 2001-09-15 14:57:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Suspending the Constitution 
It's nearly impossible to be overly pessimistic...

@_date: 2001-09-15 18:23:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Those who give up liberty in favor of security deserve neither 
You missed the irony, I guess I should have put in the irony-smiley.
This is not a "Wired-generation" issue. This issue was one Ben Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, and the other Founders were worried about.
In fact, there is no chance for public debate on this express train. New laws are being passed by voice vote, at midnight. Some Congressmen have admitted they have no idea what they are voting to approve, only that it has something to do with fighting terrorism.
This is the Clipper/ITAR/CDA battle compressed into a week, instead of years. And there is no debate, no dissent.
You are welcome to give up _your_ civil liberties, but anyone trying to take mine away has earned killing, by any means necessary.
Funny, I notice how many of the critics of Cypherpunks and supporters of this express train approach to repealing the Bill of Rights are themselves hiding behind Cypherpunks remailers, Hushmail aliases, and Ziplip nyms.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-15 19:53:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Freedom of speech is for "Cypherpunk critics" too 
No, I'm not "upset." I said it was "funny," as in "ironic."
The main critics of anonymity are the main users here.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-15 20:24:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: 100 million dead this past century through actions of states 
100 million or more persons have died in the last 100 years through the actions of statists like Mao, Stalin, Roosevelt, Hitler, Pol Pot, Amin, and a dozen others like them.
If D.C is someday incinerated in an act of thermonuclear purification, I will cheer.
In a free country, I am entitled to cheer.
However, Amerika is not a free country. Several Arabs were arrested a few days ago in New Jersey for cheering the  WTC action. Others are being detained nationwide. And the U.S.G. is calling on other countries to "stop" (suppress) any show of joy over the events. So much for free Amerika is not a free country. Hasn't been since Lincoln.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-17 00:26:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
(Conversation imagined at the x-ray and hand inspection portal)
"What's this?"
"A gas mask."
"I just told you, a gas mask. Specifically, a filter system for breathing in smoke-filled places."
"Uh,...uh...you'll have to wait here."
I've been debating for the past year or so buying one of the "EVAC-U8" "Emergency Escape Smoke Hoods." I won't right now, because of the chaos of ordering and receiving anything. And because I travel so little that the risk of being in a plane or hotel fire is tiny.
But I'll bet it's like wearing body armor, or having it in carry-on luggage: if you have it, you must be up to no good. (See what happens if you try to wear body armor on a flight.)
I'm not saying parachutes will ever be banned. For one thing, no way to.
Anyway, I think rebuilding the WTC in its previous form would be dumb for a lot of reasons. If builders want to, and can insure it against another attack and against damaging other buildings, and if NOT A SINGLE PENNY of government money is used, and if no guarantees of revenue, rent, etc. are given, cool.
Of course, this is not the way it was built the first time around, and this is not the way it will be rebuilt. There will be bullshit about it being a symbol, and subsidies will be given, and so on and so forth.
Rebuilding the towers is about 4.3 light years away from being a free market issue.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-16 16:47:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
This is an interesting thread, touching on architecture, safety, insurance, aesthetics, symbolism, and libertarian issues of whether coerced-funding approaches should be used (of course not...).
The Getty Center. This is the marble-and-steel art museum built by the Getty Foundation on a hill overlooking L.A.
I've been meaning to talk about this for the last several of these "Symbol" posts. The Getty Center in Los Angeles is the most amazing building/complext of buildings I have seen in many years. It was built totally with private funding (Getty, obviously), it has magnificent lines, it's open, and it looks to be very safe.
(Safe from fire, partly by being low enough to be evacuable. Maybe safe from an earthquake three sigma level of probability...time will This may be a matter of personal aeshetics, as I have since I was a kid disliked the "concrete canyons" of Manhattan. The looming Bauhaus boxes of the World Trade Center never inspired me in the slightest way. By contrast, the Parthenon and other buildings on the Acropolis in Athens really _did_ inspire me. I guess this is why I like the Getty Center so Your mileage may vary.
I would never stop anyone from living and working in one of these concrete canyon anthills. They can commute in from Westchester County, ride elevators for 20 minutes, and then turn into crispy critters in their towering infernos. No skin off my nose.
Some years ago (mid 1960s), IBM decided to move the bulk of its headquarters operations _out_ of Manhattan to places like Armonk and Yorktown Heights, north of NYC. They found many of their execs were already living in those areas, and younger workers could buy actual homes in the suburban areas.
Likewise, my old company, Intel, decided 30 years ago to embark on a strategy of decentralizing operations so that a disaster in one area (an earthquake, most likely) would not cripple the company. They decentralized to Arizona, Oregon, New Mexico, and now many other sites.
Antheaps are for ants.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-16 16:21:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
* Let the builders pay _all_ costs for a structure; taxpayers should not "bail out" either the insurance industry or the builders (or the airlines, on a different note)
* If companies and their workers wish to spend 20 minutes riding the series of elevators to the upper floors, cool. (I expect many won't: I saw many people saying they hated working in the WTC...I expect this sentiment will be magnified 100-fold. Some in the Empire State Building were saying on CNN that they want to get out of that building as soon as they can.)
* Let the builders/owners also _insure_ their buildings fully for any damage. Had the WTC towers _tipped_ instead of pancaking, the quarter mile swath of destruction would likely have taken down a dozen other buildings. Any construction of a building tall enough to knock over other buildings needs insurance for this.
* I think the notion of a "symbol" is silly. John Young called it "vainglory." I have called it Heights of Hubris. I suppose Ayn Rand would call for a national pride effort (as she supported the use of 100,000 slave lives to put an American flag on the moon).
* National symbols are not usually good things. Why would libertarians or transnationalists support such things? The best response to terrorism, mayhem, and statism (many states support Osama) is not to foolish rebuilt in the name of "symbolism." Rather, it's to use knowledge wisely. Specifically, to harden and decentralize markets.
* Using any coerced funding (taxes, bailouts, subsidies) to rebuld a gaudy and dangerous bauble, one that employees don't even feel comfortable working in, is not rational.
In any case, let the insurers and builders do it if they want. But they'd better not use any money taken by force from others. And they'd better have insurance. And they'd better be prepared for a lukewarm response from tenants. And of course they become the Number One repeat target. Wonderful idea.

@_date: 2001-09-16 03:16:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: SYMBOL 
A Schelling point target for the Pakistanis, the Sikhs, the Tamil Tigers, and the Bovine Liberation Army. (Says India, "We are not cowed by the BLA!")
People can work in anthills if they want to...I'm glad I don't have to go _near_ these places.
They can rebuild the Towering Infernos if they wish to, with insurance money, but the taxpayer should not pay a single dime for the Heights of Hubris to be rebuilt. Let them stand or fall, so to speak, on their own I predict they'll be economic disasters if rebuilt: firms are scrambling to find the 10 million square feet of lost office space, 15 million counting nearby buildings damaged or collapsed. Those firms will likely have either left Manhattan or will have settled in to other new office buildings. Decentralization, a la NASDAQ and Napster-like trading systems will further cause a diaspora. Rebuilt towers would come on the market after all of this. Granted, this happened in 1970-74, when the two towers were opened, but developers had known about it for a decade and so it was part of the plans. And in any case, a real estate recession hit Manhattan in the mid-70s, possibly made worse by all that square footage added. Unlikely that a free market investor would choose to build 10 million square feet of space in one project.
Notice that there was no evidence of plucking people off the rooftops with helicopters, no signs of aerial fire-fighting? These buildings are --Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-16 20:39:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Palestinian celebration videos censored 
What else is to be expected in the ZOG state?
U.S. officials are instructing the Pakistani government to put an end to the street marches and shows of support. We may soon see press restrictions here in the U.S.
What I think may happen is that as the cluster fuck progresses, with American cannon fodder coming home in body bags, the military dictatorship in Pakistan will fall as street protests and riots escalate. A repeat of the fall of Iran in 1979 (recall that the U.S. had also supported the military coup there).
Then there will be a _large_ nation opposed strongly to the U.S., for reasons having to do with our adventurism in their region.
Then maybe the nukes start flying with India, then the ...TRANSMISSION TERMINATED...

@_date: 2001-09-16 20:01:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The Cluster Fuck 
$30 billion in "debt forgiveness" to the Pakistanis, which will cause a dozen other countries to condition their support for anti-terrorism activities on debt forgiveness....gee, maybe the South American countries can get in on the act, convincing Sindero Luminoso to crash a 747 into DisneyWorld so that Brazil and Argentina can sign on and have _their_ debts forgiven?
$30 billion to Pakistan, tens of billions to Israel and Egypt EVERY FUCKING YEAR, payoffs to Albana to keep on killing Macedonians and Serbs, a $10 billion bailout of the airline industry...the money just keeps on flowing!
(Not to mention the $30 million given last week to Afghanistan. But, hey, at least they bought Stinger missiles with U.S. aid money! And if they use those Stingers to shoot down U.S. jets and helicopters, that'll help the war machine, and the defense industry, so everybody's happy!)
Don't worry, be happy!
Hey, I'm chortling. This whole thing is turning into a cluster fuck of epic proportions. It may bring on the collapse of the whole house of --Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-17 02:51:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: US on the move 
It's a free country. Nothing you can do about it.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:50:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: US on the move 
C-130 transports are departing Fort Ord, 7th Light Infantry.
AWACS departing Moffett Field heading out over the Pacific.
Convoys of trucks moving up Highway 101 from Camp Robertson and Fort Hunter Liggett.
Defense Language Institute, Monterey calling in all translators of Farsi, Peshand, Hindi, and Russian.
Mobilizations underway at Travis AFB.
--Tim May
(OC, TIAF, POMHD)
(Of course, this is all fiction, part of my helpful disinformation.)

@_date: 2001-09-17 21:21:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
I had _my_ supplies in place, not surprisingly.
A few words on possible threats.
Anthrax is a minor issue, except in big cities or other soft targets. (It could kill tens of thousands, but probably only in the aerosol wake.)
My real fear, so far unrealized, is a smallpox or influenza attack. Smallpox killed 300 million in the 1900s (hard to believe, but this is what experts are saying) and the flu in 1918 killed many millions just in the U.S. (including some of my relatives).
(The 1917-18 worldwide outbreak was believed to have been spread worldwide by returning troops from WW I. Note that the disease vectors of today are far more efficient.)
If I hear the slightest hint of an outbreak of any virulent disease, anywhere, I'll head out to the nearest supermarket, buy $300 worth of groceries, and then hunker down to ride it out.
As always, this is not a _prediction_, this is a statement about my personal approach to insurance and preparedness.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-17 19:07:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
I wonder if the GenXers (and younger) will be taking out their nose rings, tongue studs, and other bits of metal stuck through their bodies, primitive-style. (And not just so they can pass through metal I wonder if the white suburban kids wearing gangsta baggies down to their ankles and listening to gangsta rap and pretending like they're inner city negroes will drop these pretensions...
Naw, never happen. People will cheer when the U.S. sends cruise missiles to kill Afghan women and children, then they'll go back to nose piercings and gangsta rap.
And when the militarized smallpox from Biopreparat hits....
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-16 21:45:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
I was flipping through the channels and came across a Peter Jennings/ABC show, something about "Talk Back America" or "Our Children Speak Out" or somesuch PC gobbledegook.
Predictably, an Oriental girl of about 12-14 was "sharing":
"We need to understand that terrorism comes from the hatred within our I think even normally-PC Jennings saw the brainwashed stupidity in this and moved on to the next child...a second later I flipped the channel.
That so many millions of children are programmed to mutter about how "bigotry is our most important problem" and "terrorism comes from our hearts" shows how far we've sunk into the miasma of political I hope if nothing else good comes from recent events, at least we see the death of crap like this.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-17 17:15:48
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: FedEx Remailers 
I'm not a lawyer, but why not look at "package delivery services" for some examples:

@_date: 2001-09-19 03:39:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: crypto law survey questions 
Q: "Do you believe people should be arrrested, tried, and jailed for writing in some form that narcs and cops cannot read? Do you believe whispering should be made a felony?
Q: If you answered "yes," would you be willing to take a bullet from citizens who don't agree? Will you volunteer to work in an office building that may be terminated by extreme prejudice by patriots?
Q: Do you understand that by repressing civil liberties, you have earned --Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-18 20:43:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Soft Targets (Re: Saudis detained photographing dam) 
Ironically, I did a piece for a hacker's list last week discussing hitting dams. As that list frowns on having articles redistributed to attention drawn to it, I'll xxxxx out some of it:
 From: tcmay (Tim May)
 From: xxxxxxxxx
I was asked today roughly:
What did I think were the chances of some other horrific terrorist attack
happening in the near future (1-2 months? 1-6 months? 1 year?) here in SF area.
I can think of lots of things that could happen.  I can think of what be attractive targets (the GG bridge, the Transamerica building), etc.
But I couldn't say whether I thought it likely, very likely, possible, or
Any thoughts?
There's been a lot of discussion in the various groups and lists about the many "soft targets" in the U.S. and Europe.
Leading the list seem to be the various dams. Not the most massive concrete dams, but the "stressed eggshell" dams. A kamikaze bomber can easily exceed the design parameters. Several have been listed, which I won't summarize here. The bang for the buck could be very high, with major cities lying below some of these dams.
(I saw one detailed analysis of a particular dam...I think it was in Kentucky...that is of this eggshell design. Several 50-story buildings are built below this dam, some miles down the river, and would not likely survive a 100-foot high wall of water.)
After the World Trade Center was targetted in 1993, those who continued to work there instead of getting out of Dodge paid the price.
Many of these dams are within such a short flight from airports that no effective scrambling of jets to intercept them is possible. We may see "no fly" zones around such dams, with SAMs defending the sites.
Sports stadiums are a different kettle of fish. A plane leaving SFO or Oakland could be on top of one of the crowded stadiums within a minute or two. No time to scramble interceptors. Again, maybe SAMs with carefully-programmed intercept orders. Or flights at nearby airports could be cancelled when the stadiums are filled with 50,000 fans. (This scenario has been discussed many times. "Black Sunday" is nearly 30 years old. Thomas Harris knew about the hijacked jet scenario but chose to use the more complicated "rogue dirigible pilot" plot device.)
All the recent hoopla about banning nail files and metal utensils is closing the barn door after the horses (ridden by the four horsemen) have left. Commercial jetliners will probably not be used again for this purpose...but what of cargo jets and privately-owned jets? Anyone with enough money (Bin Laden, others) can buy or lease their own jets.
It's easy to hack soft targets, given the willingness to die. Quite a bit harder to get away alive and then survive the aftermath.
Is it hopeless? No, of course not. The New York Stock Exchange was vastly too centralized...an archaic scheme whereby traders living in Connecticut and Long Island rode trains for hours each day so they could gather in one particular building and shout. Though "open outcry" and "market makers" have some technical advantages (and disadvantages), the overall scheme is archaic. And it's why the markets have been paralyzed...and will be for the foreseeable future. Count on lots of bomb threats emptying the trading floor. We as computer types should be endorsing further decentralization, further distribution of trading and computing resources. NASDAQ would not have been shut down...the only reason they did was out of sympathy with the NYSE, and for SEC/competitiveness reasons.
And avoiding soft targets is always advisable. Just as living in a beach house carries risks, so does working in an antheap.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-20 02:50:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: How ID Cards might be made de facto mandatory, but not de jure 
(When I say "will require" I mean that other legislation will require that the libraries, companies, rental agencies, etc. inspect them. Those who don't have them simply won't be able to rent cars, use libraries, get driver's licenses, cash checks, etc.)
1. Libraries will require the card before giving access to public terminals (or perhaps even to books...)
2. Hotels, airlines, car rental and storage locker companies will require them.
3. States will require driver's licenses to be cross-linked with these ID cards.
4. Gun purchases, ammunition purchases, hunting licenses, fishing licenses, etc. cross-linked.
5. Use the banking system  or money order/check-cashing systems in any way. Including filing taxes.
...and so on.
It's unlikely that these ID cards will be demanded on the street ("Papers, please!").  But the cards can be mandated for nearly every other aspect of economic life.
The Supreme Court will not have to even rule on these cross-linkings.
It should be fine for someone to _not_ have such an ID card, provided he does not want to rent or buy a car, get a driver's license, buy ammunition, check into a hotel, rent a mailbox, open a bank account, cash a check, or file tax forms.
None of them are cases where the state, ostensibly, is requiring names to be attached to writings or pamphlets. Nor are they cases where internal movement requires a passport. (These are some of the reasons past courts have thrown out mandatory identification laws.) Properly done, a cop will never have to demand the ID card, so the issue of it being mandatory becomes untested in courts (I'm speculating a bit I'm not endorsing these moves, of course, just speculating on how the courts may acquiesce to such an ID card.
And, of course, another 911-like event could make the Supreme Court reverse itself.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:28:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Avoid hard targets tomorrow 
If the growing street protests/riots in Pakistan (Pesawar, Karachi, Islamabad) trend toward a new ultra-Islamic, pro-Taliban government, I expect India to strike first. India cannot allow a nuclear state on its border with Taliban leanings. India will knock out Pakistan's nuclear capabilities if it can.
A nuclear war between India and Pakistan will utterly dwarf recent events, will crash the Dow to 1000, and will have other profound Interestingly, there's been a run on potassium iodide capsules, gas masks, and guns. It may be that nothing happens, of course, but it shows what happens when people wait until the stampede starts to shop for (Yes, I still have my KI tablets, my other supplies. I never got a real gas mask, for fairly obvious reasons. The best defense is to avoid crowded areas. And at the slightest sign (on CNN, etc.) that people are showing up at hospitals in more-than-normal numbers, to stay indoors and not mingle with vectors. Good sources are Ken Alibek's "Biohazard," Laurie Garrett's "The Coming Plague," and Judith Miller's new "Germs.")
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-21 18:41:14
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: PGP author under fire for terrorist use of crypto 
"A descendant of the inventor of the "Venetian blind" window covering has expressed shock, sorrow, and regret for the evil deeds of his great-grandfather. He says he cries every day as he thinks about the misdeed that the curtain industry has made possible.
Harvey Wimpelbert, heir to the Venetian Blind Company fortune, has apologized to the world for his family's involvement in helping terrorists, pornographers, and other criminals  to "hide behind the curtains my family helped foist upon the world."
"I support the government's demands that curtains be banned so that the legitimate needs of law enforcement may be met. Everyday I cry for several hours over the horrors that are being committed out of the view of our noble policemen," he sobbed.
"People who place curtains or blinds over their windows obviously have something to hide," said Homeless Defense   Minister Ridge.

@_date: 2001-09-22 20:36:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Redux: mass hate 
Seldon is heard, a discouraging word.
Especially when Hari Kiri attacks are happening.
Next you'll be telling us you don't what spice is used for, or what TANSTAAFL means, or what true names are.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-22 04:56:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Preparedness 
This confusion and chaos was pretty much anticipated by Y2K worriers: had anything disrupted transport or communications, D.C. looked to be in bad shape. (I recall comparisons made to Montgomery County, which had some problems with emergency systems, but seemed much better prepared.
It's also surprising that an attack on the Pentagon, across the river, triggered chaos inside D.C. per se.
A friend of mine thinks NYC may actually be a target a second time around: moving vans or other large trucks loaded with explosives and detonated inside the Holland and other tunnel(s).
(I think there was a Sylvester Stallone movie which I never saw about a similar plan..."Daylight" was the name, I think. Interestingly, Hollywood usually has the hero stopping the timer at the 4-second mark, near the movie's end. Like diverting the asteroids and comets. Like stopping the Andromeda Strain from escaping. When a nuke _does_ go off, as in "True Lies," it's several miles away and only produces some suntans. Reality is not so antiseptic.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-22 04:45:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Preparedness 
As I said, the odds are that not much will happen...for a while. In a few months, after nothing has happened, these folks now worried will be claiming they knew all along that nothing would happen. (Nothing happened, therefore nothing _could_ have happened, the logic of the Monday morning quarterback.)
But I'll bet a lot of the NYC elite spend more time at their homes in the Hamptons and in the country, even as winter comes on. They'll make sure to be in NYC for the galas (but not the big ones, the ones that might be targets).
Well, I posted about the EVAC-U8 mask/hood, with a charcoal filter. Available from the usual sources, like Nitro-Pak and Botach. Probably sold out now, though. Useful in fires, but also any noxious fume situation...for about 10-20 minutes.
Any attack with VX or similar nerve gas would kill tens of thousands fairly quickly. Gas masks of no use, due to lack of coverage of all exposed skin, and leakage. Gas masks mainly useful for mustard gas, that sort of thing.
Preston's "The Cobra Event" is a pretty good novel about releasing a virus in crowded cities. This was of course the novel that scared Clinton into starting a series of reviews of biochemical terrorism plans.
Something that is more of a "Towering Inferno" issue than a terrorism issue is the complete absence of any firefighting efforts with the WTC. Yeah, I know about the 300 firefighters killed trying to evacuate people. But where were the aerial water- and foam-spraying aircracraft? Where were the choppers landing on the roof to pluck off those who got to the roof?
Nothing. It's apparent that the only plan to fight this fire was for the sophisticated sprinkler system to do its job. (Probably nothing could have dealt with the tons of aviation fuel dumped inside the buildings, but, still, the absence of any aerial fire-suppression efforts pretty much tells us what "The Towering Inferno" told us 25 years ago: tall buildings, taller than about 30 stories, are "on their own.")
The planning over many years, the sleeper agents, and the coordinated element of surprise tells us that the next attack will NOT be with airliners. The surprise is lost, the planes will be shot down (if there's time...I still think a plane could be diverted from an airport into a crowded stadium near the airport faster than fighters could be scrambled), the pilots will shoot back, etc.
The fact that this attack was several years in the making tells us that the _other_ cells could in fact be preparing releases of anthrax, or nerve gas, or even smallpox. The AUM cult made their own nerve gas, more than once, so Al Qaida has had years to do even better. And we know how easy it is to make anthrax cultures.
Many ways to do it. Pellets lobbed with slingshots into a NYC "Parade for the Heroes." 40,000 people dying of anthrax.
A few cannisters of VX fired with a mortar. A football stadium with 60,000 fans. And a live television audience seeing the convulsions Soft targets. Talked about on this list, in other fora, for many years. Dean Ing wrote a (not so great) novel with this title some years back.
Anyway, Declan and I have talked about this issue many times. I live on the coast, with nothing upwind of me except the Pacific Ocean. (I actually live about 4-5 miles inland, but same difference...just lightly populated residential areas due west of me.)
Partly it's to escape the ant heap of cities (Silicon Valley was too crowded for me, and it's by no means a "city"). Partly for other reasons. I certainly like having my couple of acres on top of a hill, with a defensible perimeter. Other people move even further out into the Being somewhat of a worrier, even a paranoid, I can't say I see things getting any better over time. The "degrees of freedom" of our multi-dimensional society mean that someone will always be pissed off and ready to fight. And there are many points of attack. Kill Bin Laden and he's a martyr for a hundred others...some of who may already be blending into Pakistani society. (And Pakistan will be our new best friend, so many of these sleepers will get plenty of chances to visit the U.S....) I'm rambling here, so I'll stop.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-22 01:12:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Preparedness 
Look, friends (and non-friends), I need to say a few words about "preparedness." I've gotten questions from list readers about where to get KI tablets, what to stock up on, etc. A kind of replay of Y2K.
The odds of anything "really bad" hitting any particular reader of this list are small indeed. Even the WTC event which hit NYC only had a small chance of hitting any list members working or living in NYC.
Preparedness, like insurance, is for "unlikely but serious" events.
Take earthquake insurance, for example. Those of us who live here in California understand earthquakes: my first big one was being almost shaken out of bed in 1971 from a quake 100 miles to the south of me. Then a few more minor quakes, doing minor damage. And I was in Santa Cruz when the 1989 quake hit, killing about 75 statewide and doing billions in damage. And my brother was in the Northridge quake in '94, which in some ways was a more serious quake. A truly large quake, of 7.6-7.8 would cause very serious disruption. A quake of 8 or larger would kill perhaps hundreds of thousands and would be likely be "unrecoverable from." (Meaning, the best that could happen to survivors would be their evacuation out of the area to a fresh start in Missouri or Iowa or wherever. California would be too disrupted--freeways, rail, aquaducts, everything--for recovery within a lifetime.)
So, how to prepare for this? I keep a pack loaded with supplies and clothing for several days. And at my house I have stored water (about 50 gallons immediately drinkable, and a Katadyn ceramic filter, and potentially a few hundred other gallons of water). Food. Medical supplies. Guns.
And yet do I _expect_ an earthquake? No. But the costs of keeping these items is not great, and the benefits IF the unlikely happens are good.
How does this relate to the war? A nuclear exchange is probably unlikely, just as it was unlikely in the 1960s. But could it happen? Yes. Especially between countries in the near east.
Would I build a bomb shelter? No, and I haven't. Not even a fallout How about potassium iodide tablets (to "load" the thyroid)? I bought some from Nitro-Pak ( a couple of years ago. Inexpensive. "Better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it.
My advice is to stock up to your level of comfort and paranoia. Don't buy dried food and stuff you wouldn't eat anyway, but if you go to a supermarket, buy some extra cans, boxes, etc. of whatever you normally eat. (Rice is cheap and billions of people live on it. Macaroni, boxes of cereal, etc. All are better than nothing.)
If you don't already have a gun, I guess the messages over the last several years haven't been persuasive, so I won't start here.
Of the threats to consider over the coming months, I happen to think the outbreak of a virulent plague-like disease, released deliberately, is more likely than a nuclear war affecting the U.S. directly. (Though a nuclear exchange between Pakistan and India, which could happen in this upcoming war, would have enormous effects on the U.S. Even "survivalist" This plague could be smallpox, bubonic plague, or a virulent influenza. Germ warfare research has been going on for several decades, despite public claims that such work was abandoned. Iraq had capabilities and may be lending support to others. The Russians had a major program to produce cannisters of "militarized smallpox." The world thought the smallpox critter had been completely eradicated, as it had "in the wild." But it lives on inside the facilities of Biopreparat, Fort Dedrick, and, perhaps, the suicide flasks of Al Qaida.
The best defense against such plagues is _avoidance_.
If you hear reports in coming weeks or months of large numbers of people showing up sick at emergency rooms, it's time to close the doors and windows and hunker down for as long as is possible. Standing in long lines to buy batteries and food and water is not the place to be.  (If I hear of such reports, I _may_ risk one quick run to the nearest grocery store to stock up, expecting that most of the sheeple will have either heard nothing or not have yet panicked. And an outbreak in Atlanta or Chicago is not likely to hit other regions for a few more days...)
Ask yourself what you would need to "ride it out" for at least a few weeks and you will know what you should be be buying before there are Odds are pretty good that nothing this dire will happen. This is the nature of risk, insurance, and preparedness. But better to be prepared than to be helpless.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-23 15:53:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
1. Nigeria and Sierra Leone are in other nations, beyond the jurisdiction of U.S. laws. If gullible Americans send money to the Minister of Oil Development in Nigeria, hoping to win the stupidity lottery, this is beyond the reach of U.S. law.
2. Look into polycentric, or market-centered, law. Those of us who are not as stupid as the gullible Americans caught up in these Nigerian scams don't wish our tax monies going to save the stupid from themselves.
3. Relevance to this list? Why talks about government enforcement on _this_ list in the first place/
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-23 07:23:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
Or you can just use the Short Form:
"I'm a greedy fool WHO SENT MONEY TO SOME NIGERIANS who promised I would Make Money Fast."
It's disgraceful that employees paid by taxpayers are wasting time collecting letters from nitwits who believed they could make a lot of money by sending it to the Crown Prince of Sierra Leone or the Minister of Petroleum Exploration in Nigeria.
"Hello, Friend! I am the younger brother of William Jefferson Clinton, Esq., 43rd President of our great nation. My brother is temporarily unable to access the funds he deposited in the Cayman Islands in exchange for arranging a pardon for convicted terrorists and drug dealers. I can get you a cut of his locked-up money if you just send me a minor deposit to demonstrate your honest intentions. s. Joe-Bob-Roger Clinton, unemployed honkey tonk musician."
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-24 22:51:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Intercepts foretold of 'big attack' -- The Washington Times 
The Moonies also own my favorite handgun maker: Kahr Arms.
(At least this was so about a year ago. I haven't checked to see if they are still the owners.)
Better owned by the Moonies than by the Commies.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-23 21:22:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: FUCK ORACLE, FUCK LARRY ELLISON 
If the EFF does not demand a retraction, nay, an abject apology, from Larry Ellison and Oracle, then I will work to undermine the EFF in any way I can.
FUCK ELLISON, FUCK ORACLE.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-23 20:32:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: FUCK ORACLE, FUCK LARRY ELLISON 
As the D.C. types would say, "that has no traction."
Interesting that the cyberliberties crowd was so eager to launch a "Boycott Adobe" campaign because of their sin that they attempted to defend their property rights, but no one is launching a "Boycott Oracle" campaign over Larry Ellison's fascist support for mandatory citiizen-unit ID cards.
As an Oracle investor for many years, I am ashamed that the President and CEO of a company I have long-owned is adopting the fascist and statist policies reminiscent of Nazi Germany.
Ellison wishes Oracle to play the role of Krupp. "Ve vill volunteer our software, ja, in ze struggle."
I would say he needs , and soon, but that might get me in trouble with the Securitat.
So I'll leave it this way:
FUCK ORACLE.
FUCK LARRY ELLISON.
Someday I will piss on his shallow grave.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-23 23:29:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: 419 letter (was Re: CDR Anonymizer 
We didn't say it was "legitimate"...we said it is part of the natural trend of stupidity.
A "senile dowager" who mails some of her money to Nigeria has herself to If you advocate using taxpayer-funded Americans to go to Nigeria or Sierra Leone to save her from her stupidity, then you are preterite.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-25 16:27:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: ANWR 
You have this backwards. The world spot market price for light crude is something like $25 a bbl. Refineries receiving no subsidies can produce a gallon of gasoline and sell it profitably for about $0.60.
Then taxes are added, and added.
In Europe, even more taxes are added to a gallon/liter of gas/petrol.
Where are the subsidies you think are being given to those who import oil they buy for $25/bbl and then refine in refineries receiving no (I hope you don't say things like "oil depletion allowance." That affects _some_ producers, and should of course be ended as all taxes are rolled way back, but this does not affect the refiner who buys Saudi light sweet, hauls it to refineries in the Caribbean, outside the U.S., and then sells it in the U.S. Or do you think Royal Dutch Shell is being subsidized by the U.S. Government? Gonna be news to them.)
As I said, you have it all backwards.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-24 23:43:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Internment Camps for Political Dissidents 
As predicted so many years ago, America is now racing faster than its feet can carry it toward being a  high-tech police state. Polls are being taken, Congresscriminals are proposing new draconian laws, and courts have yet to be heard from (will require a few dozen court cases before they are heard from).
Unencumbered by any Bill of Rights or true Constitution, the Brits are way ahead of us. Arrest on suspicion, detainment without charge, outlawing of entire classes of organizations.
The U.S restrictions shutting down various alleged terrorist groups would seem to be a slam dunk First Amendment violation. Freedom of association means freedom from government shutdown. Freedom to join an anti-ZOG group, for example.
Reading the Bill of Rights aloud is now a terrorist act.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-24 23:58:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Democracy is our enemy 
We are not for "democracy." Democracy is two wolves and a sheep voting on what's for dinner.
Crypto anarchy is about undermining democracy, causing the house of cards to collapse.
You are welcome to "refuse to give up on our way of life." Many others over the centuries have similarly refused to give up on royalism...I hear there are even clubs where people pretend to be various archdukes and viscounts, and even fan clubs for the grandchildren of royals deposed 75 years ago.
Maybe there will be fan clubs for "democracy supporters." Maybe they will even launch little wars agains the royalists.
Democracy will soon be consigned to the dustbin of history.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-25 19:54:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
1. The key may be known to others. And not all keys are on the public 2. Proof at some future time that the same entity signed some message.
3. Other, easy to imagine reasons.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-27 01:33:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Sandy is of course right. I almost added a parenthetical remark to my "tent" point about how RVs, for example, are only "homes" for the purposes of this law when _parked_ (and maybe when parked for the purposes of sleeping, blah blah). So, no guns not locked up while rolling down the road, or parked at McDonald's for a burger. (Obviously, there is vanishingly small chance of being "caught" if the gun is not brandished. Applies to cars as well.)
In this case, the common sense interpretation is what the law actually supports, strangely enough.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 22:34:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Yeah, how "recording" got into the picture is beyond me. The idea is to have several of the wireless cameras at various places, to monitor. Recording is not needed, except maybe for the trial or inquest.
In any case, there are various exemptions for videotaping:
1) People videotape others ALL THE TIME. Look at folks with camcorders. Are they getting releases from all those in the background of their shots at Disneyland?
2) Stores, gas stations, ATMs, all videotape. Sometimes they have a little notice at the front of the store, sometimes not.
3) I believe, but don't quote me, that image recording without _audio_ recording is exempt from the wiretap laws, anyway. (This came up during one of those "peeping tom cam" cases, where it was pointed out that no particular statute forbids such taping., (Specific laws since passed, of --Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 17:43:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Before anyone corrects me, I know it's "steganography." It's usually shortened to "stego," so I mistyped it.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 17:30:40
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Indeed, if I ran a flight school I would probably answer any questions the FBI might have, even if I were fairly certain none of the attackers had trained at my school. Ditto for a handful of other situations, where being helpful to the FBI would be the right thing to do.
But if were just an Arab, or just a Muslim, or just a Cypherpunk, then I would certainly not answer any questions whatsoever, especially not when a general throttling of civil liberties and a search for scapegoats is going on.
(I chortle when I read about stegonography. I posted the first description of the LSB method in images and sound files in a 1990 sci.crypt posting. I later developed the idea further. Now I see bozo journalists theorizing that OBL used stego, when in fact there's no evidence his agents used computers for more than simple AOL mail. I even see Bruce Schneier sagely opining about "dead drops." Do a search on "digital dead drops" in my 1994 Cyphernomicon...I explored these options for freedom fighters a decade ago.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 16:51:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
I agree that it is not trespass if the driveway is ungated/unlocked...one is inviting others to come and knock on the door, deliver packages, etc. However, as you said, if they have been told to leave then they are trespassing if they remain.
I've had the fire department wandering through my back yard. I saw a guy in a blue uniform walking around my back yard, so I yelled "Can I help you?" He told me he was doing a routine inspection of brush near my This reminded me I needed to get a gate installed in an arched door that is the only access to my back yard. ObProcrastination: I still haven't done this, as I want a custom grillwork gate made by a welder/ironworker.
BTW, my understanding of the law is that the police/sheriff/FBI cannot (repeat: cannot) use these authorized administrative accesses (mosquito control, fire department, Child Protective Services, even Immigration) as "cover" for their own bypassing-the-Fourth inspections.
The neighbor closer to the main road than I am has just such a big, noisy dog. "Shadow" is part-wolf, and is mean, vicious, and loud. However, he is so uncontrollable that the owner keeps him locked up in his back yard, where he runs from one side to another and barks. Twice in my six years here the dog has "gotten out," approaching me menacingly and causing me to back up slowly and look around for me the nearest heavy stick to defend myself with. (My neighbor even said, "If Shadow ever gets out and tries to attack you, just shoot him." I think the owner and his two young boys would really rather have a more normal dog they could take with them on walks, let inside the house, and treat as a The point being, dogs are usually either so vicious they are chained  or locked-up, or are docile enough to just wag their tails when the nice men in the FBI suits approach.
Anyway, my cats would probably not like a dog around. Nor would I. (Dogs are fine, but they take a lot of care and they interfere with trips away from home.)
As for holding a rifle, the law is about "brandishing." It's legal to have a rifle or handgun on one's person, but not to point it at a person or threaten to. Chief Justice Warren Burger used to answer the door at his Washington-area house with a handgun in his hand. (I lived in the area at the time, but I don't remember if he lived in Viriginia, where handguns are legal, or in D.C., where they are not, or in Maryland, with various fascist gun laws. He no doubt could have gotten one of the various exemptions, as he was not one of the proles.)
I've answered my door a couple of times with a pistol in a waist (W.A.S.T.E.?) holster. Some startled looks, but no one has called 911 on me. Or at least no cops have arrived to question me about wearing a (For the curious, it is not a violation of the carry laws to have a handgun on one's person in one's own property, even, interestingly, a tent. Unless barred by other laws (National Parks, etc.).
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 16:02:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
The Fourth still applies, even to hotel and motel residents (where the owner of course enters on a daily basis).
If it did not apply, then entire hotels and motels and apartment buildings would be swept for contraband, illegal sex material, drugs, guns, etc.
There was a controversial case in Chicago, which may still be pending, where the Housing Authority (?) was proposing to sweep the apartments it administered for guns. Civil libertarians pointed out the issues.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 05:17:40
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Again, I have never had to face this decision of what I would actually do. Would I refuse to answer the door, would I blow them away with my 12-gauge, would I tell them that they were trespassing and that they have 20 seconds to be off of my property, or would I roll over on others as Choate did?
I don't know what I would do. I like to think I would simply not answer the door at all once I saw that two agents were standing on my doorstep.
I have nothing to say to the FBI or anyone else in law enforcement, on any matter related to topics on this list. If I am not under arrest, shove off. If I _am_ under arrest, then "anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law."
There is no reason for anyone on this list to _ever_ talk to the Feds.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 05:07:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Not answering the door makes them _at least_ wait until one has to leave.
Oh, and they can't wait _on_ your property, now can they? That would be See below:
I have about a 200-foot driveway from my house to the semi-public road serving our hill. They can't wait _on_ my property, without trespassing. This means I can get in my car and get out without being served. (There is no requirement that a car window be rolled down to receive papers.)
(If I see someone skulking around on my property, I would be morally justified in shooting them, of course. Demanding that they leave, from a window, and threatening to shoot is probably not actionable even in today's weird legal climate. Actually shooting them, while morally justified, is proably not wise.)
None. You are not obligated to make serving papers convenient. You can be out of the country, you can leave by limousine from an underground garage, you can crawl out you bathroom window. This is, as the lawyers say, "black letter law."
(I hope we don't get the drivel about how "Happy Fun Court is not --Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 01:53:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Ditto for me, though I haven't received any unusual visitors.
I installed a standard one-way viewer some years ago, and I usually check to see who is knocking before I answer. I haven't yet had reason to remain silent and not answer. (I installed the viewer after being foolishly served with a subpoena.)
I'm considering a major upgrade to a t.v. camera system. The wireless X10 cameras seem to be interesting. (The wireless doesn' t much bother me, as the views will be of outside.)
I'm not yet ready to install Claymore mines linked to motion sensors, for various reasons, but I think the war that is coming will often involve private citizens killing Nazi narcs.
It's really time we stop aiding those planning to take away our liberties in support of ZOG.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 01:40:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
To repeat, I haven't been visited, so I have no certainty how I'll In my personal situation, I would NEVER invite them into my house. For various reasons. Inviting any agent of the government in is an invitation for them to "look around." If they see something that interests them, they are free to pursue it. For another reason, I don't even invite my _neighbors_ in to my house anymore.
(Yes, I held a couple of Cypherpunks parties at my house in 1995-6, No more. A lot of people I had never met showed up "for the party." No harm done, but they might have been agents, might have sought ways to plant things. I haven't held a "public invited" party since Choate rolled over on us. There might be Choate-type people in the Bay Area who would attend one of my parties.)
I am not criticizing Sandy for inviting the agents in, but it's something I hope I will never do.
"Get the fuck off my property!" is what I hope I will have the presence of mind to say.
They can arrest me, of course. My personal view is that if an arrest is not justified, one government agent must  for every 24-hour period that I am held unjustly.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 00:29:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
A dozen more warriors for Allah in this Jihad were recruited by this article. The U.S. is doing exactly what OBL is hoping for.
I haven't been "visited," at least not so far. Maybe I never will be.
I hope I have the presence of mind to say "You're trespassing. Get the fuck off my property."
I would only "answer questions" through an attorney, and I would only hire a $300 an hour shyster if I _had_ to. Meaning, I would say nothing (I would hope) unless they arrest me. Until then, they can stay the fuck off of my property.
(My last experience with security narcs was the event I described at Stanford. There, I did manage to have the presence of mind to answer none of their questions about my name, my reason for being on campus at the same time the Criminal Family was visiting, or about the contents of my bag.)

@_date: 2001-09-27 06:46:21
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
Better hurry! The criminals in Washington are about to make mere _possession_ of biologicals like this illegal. Heretofore, it was illegal to possess biologicals intended for weapons use, but soon it will be a felony to merely possess broad classes of biologicals.
(Of course, the lab I worked in had Hepatitus C being cultured. All it takes is a permission slip from Big Bro and your lab can militarize --Tim May, hurriedly dumping his biologicals in the nearby streams to get rid of them

@_date: 2001-09-26 17:12:29
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
As I write, this instant, I can see Monterey across the patch of the bay that lies between my house and that peninsula.  Crystal clear blue skies and a mild temperature. The glorious Santa Lucia Mountains, rising up from Big Sur. the lights of the Monterey Bay Aquarium twinkling in the distance, the lights of the squid boats in the Bay. In the other directions, bucolic hillsides with scattered homes, farms, apple orchards, and a few vineyards. Three hundred feet below me, a country road winding its way into the redwoods.
Upwind of me, where the bad stuff would blow in from, open space, forests, and then the Pacific Ocean. 80% of the time the winds are from this direction.
If I need to visit a more densepacked area, I have Monterey and Salinas to the south, Santa Cruz about 15 miles away, and San Jose/Palo Alto/Mountain View/Silicon Valley over a ridge, about 40 miles away. For a trip into Gomorrah, San Francisco is 80 miles north, either up the beautiful coast route or inland via Silicon Valley.
I can't see why the alleged advantages of NYC ("You can get felafel at 4 in the morning!") could ever justify living in such a antheap, such a deviation from what a hundred thousand years of evolution prepared us (I note that most of the CNBC reporters I see everyday talk about their commutes in from outlying areas, mostly in areas of New Jersey about 15-50 miles west of NYC. And no doubt many who work in NYC choose to live in Connecticutt, out on Long Island, etc. New York folks certainly know more about this than I do.)
I wonder if these attacks, with more to come, will push more people into what social theorists have been talking about for decades, the flight from the city.  In recent years, much has been made of the reverse flight, the gentrification of former ghetto areas in cities. This trend may reverse yet again.
If, as many of us expect, one of the upcoming attacks is biological, expect more to flee to outlying areas.
Cities are just such perfect soft targets.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 05:31:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Smallpox? 
The Web is a better place to get info than asking us to write our versions of encyclopedia articles. However, some basic points:
1) Schoolchildren innoculations basically stopped in 1972,  a combination of smallpox being eradicated and the accidental death rate (some fraction innoculated die).
2) Innoculations/vaccinations are _not_ lifetime...they tend to wear off in about 30 years. (The 1972-2001 time period is just a coincidence.)
3) Smallpox was officially declared "extinct" (eradicated) in around 1985.  There had been no new cases seen by WHO in several years prior to 4) However, it was _not_ extinct. The U.S. kept cultures of it, and the Soviets had an extensive program to develop "militarized smallpox": more virulent and better-suited for distribution from artillery shells.
5) The Soviet facility, Biopreparat, developed several new strains of smallpox. Ken Alibek, now in the U.S., led the team. His book "Biohazard" provides the details.
6) It is unknown how many of these flasks of smallpox were smuggled out, or sold by the lab directors.
Now do you understand the "deal"?
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 16:29:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: And now for something completely different... 
It's always the last war that's being fought.
Never more true than now, where the focus is on fingernail clippers and on New York City.
(BTW, I am watching on CNN the implementation of a "car pools only" rule for cars and trucks entering NYC. Vehicles with just a single driver will be not be allowed to cross the bridges or enter the tunnels. Gee, this means the attackers will have to find an accomplice to ride along with them...now where would they possibly find _that_?)
The attackers pulled off the 911 attack with skill and boldness. (No, I am not endorsing what they did. But I find the claims that they were "stupid" to be dangerous and, well, stupid.)
The likelihood is that the the couple of hundred (or more, estimated by "Newsweek" from sources) sleepers will do something completely different, something planned months ago and ready to be carried out. I could easily speculate what Rounds Two and Three might look like, and have on other lists.
New York will probably not be the target this upcoming time.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-26 22:28:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Reason's C. Young: Encryption is "scary," put up with 
We see why "Reason" has become so...dismissable.
Between Cato arguing for victim disarmament and Reason arguing that "right to liberty is preceeded by the right to life," I say we just kill them all and let Rand sort them out.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-27 02:32:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Defeatist Compromising Commentary From Reason Magazine 
They fucking DID meet in person! There is not one iota, not one shred,
of evidence that Atta and and his 20 or so co-conspirators used "crypto"
in any form! (Including image file steganography, the form I invented in
1989-90 and which Kevin Kelly profiled in his book "Out of Control,"
based on interviews in 1992. I mention this because several journalists
have been writing b.s stories aoubt Osama using "steganography, files
hidden in images.' B.S.)
And even had Atta and Company used crypto, which there is no evidence
whatsoever of, this would be no more justification for "key escrow" or
"backdoors" than the use of curtains by Al Capone to hide his activities
was grounds for "transparency escrow" modes in curtains or for banning
sealed envelopes. Most crime takes place out of sight of law
enforcement. So?
Atta and his co-conspirators met in apartments, motel rooms, and sent
overnight letters. Unless the bozos at Reason are arguing for opening of
all mail, for microphones in motel rooms, for "1984" levels of apartment
surveillance, there is nothing that could have been done to stop the
This is all just very basic stuff, written about by some of us in the
mid-80s. That so many journalists are just now "discovering" the crypto
issue is symptomatic of our times.
That bimbo at "Reason" is why "Reason" is just another enemy of liberty.
--Tim May
(P.S. I used to read "Reason" back when it was published out of my
college town, Santa Barbara. Circa 1971-2 or so, maybe '73. A friend of
mine knew Rob Poole pretty well. And I voted for John Hospers in '72.
And my roommate at UCSB later worked for "Reason." And so on. But it got
so repetitive and boring that I stopped reading it around 1980. They
have missed out on the important trends.)

@_date: 2001-09-27 03:54:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Setting clocks 
You and others should try to fix your times and timezones, or to ask why Hushmail is sending messages dated in the past.
Look at the time of your message and of the one you respond to.
(John Young also has the problem, with his message several hours into the future from when he clearly posted them.)
This is a problem because many of us, even most of us, sort our messages by the date they are stamped.
Not the most important problem in the world, but worth it for folks to spend a couple of minutes setting their system clocks accurately or inquiring with Hushmail or whatever why they are incorrectly time-stamping mail.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-09-27 15:47:48
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks declared to be a terrorist organization? 
It probably doesn't matter, as the persecutors get to cherrypick the posts they offer as evidence of a conspiracy.
Given the new Anti-Terrorism laws the Congressvermin are racing to pass, there's a chance the Cypherpunks list/group will be placed on the list of terror organizations, with any support for (such as running nodes) declared to be illegally supporting an illegal organization.
---Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-31 19:42:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Osama bin Laden as SF fan 
Being curious, I did some more digging in online etymologies and dictionaries and found several transliterated versions of "foundation" into Hebrew. (The word "foundation" shows up in dozens, even hundreds, of Biblical passages, so we have lots and lots of old Aramaic and Hebrew Here's one I found at this site:
Things like "yahcad" and "muwcahd" and "cuwdah"
foundation	hdwoy	y
Sure sounds like "kaida" or "qaida" to me.
And Asimov was Jewish, so this proves that "Hari Seldon," which is Arabic for "America will be conquered in the 17th cycle after the Greys established their bases in New Mexico," was in league with the Rastafari Bilderberger colonizers of the holy lands.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-10-25 06:46:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Time to Flash Cook the Frog 
Indeed. The frog has been adjusting to the heating water rather too well. It's time to flash cook the frog.
I'm watching a "Nightline" report on the growing anger over how the ubermensch elite in Congress were fawned over and given Cipro while the untermensch lumpenproletariat postal workers were told "Don't worry, be Now, with no Congressvarmints sick, but with two mail sorters having gone postal to the max, with dozens of others sick or diagnosed with inhalation anthrax, the anger is building.
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:44:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: USPS:  glowing by leaps and bounds 
And I was replying to Sampo Syreeni, who asked "What do you suppose happens to disks and other magnetic media at these flux levels?"
I wasn't commenting on photographic film.
See above about what I was replying to.
--Tim May
"Aren't cats Libertarian? They just want to be left alone.
I think our dog is a Democrat, as he is always looking for a handout"  --Unknown Usenet Poster

@_date: 2001-10-19 03:13:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Airlines - the newest members of the international 
A chilling story. It reports "patting down," interviews with the National Guard, police involvement, and multiple hours' worth of harassment...all for having a novel in his luggage.
Fuck Amerika...it is time for the empire to fall.
It talks a good game, but implements police state measures.
-Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2001-10-18 02:18:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: You Can Have Your Rights Back When We're Done 
They have every right to be angry.
However, they have no right to sweep the streets and arrest 500-600 persons and throw them in a hole for 5 weeks. Arab students who merely lived in the same garden apartment complexes in San Diego as one of the hijackers were arrested, not charged, thrown in a small cell, and are being held for some kind of grand jury investigation.
What ever happened to "taking a statement" and releasing them if there is no evidence they were complicit? Fear that they'll leave their student lives in San Diego and fly back home? (Probably a good bet for some fraction of the 500, some fraction who will be so radicalized by their treatment that they sign on to participate in a vengeance act.).
Due process has been thrown out the prison windows (oops, there aren't any...) in this one.
Amerika is shown to be a nation of angry cops, not a nation of laws.
The next suspect held indefinitely in a stinking jail cell on "material witness" grounds could be me, you, or any of us.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:55:26
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Corporate war on liberty 
All of these fuckers are trying to show the flag by repressing liberties.
Coming soon,
"MyEscowedYahoo (TM), the new account management and news tracking system from Yahoo, Inc. "We report your account balances and special news interests to the government so you don't have to!"
"IntelInside (TM), Intel's contribution to the War on Terrorism and Bad People. Intel, through its proprietary TrackBurst (TM) technology, reports the location of laptops and PDAs to the FBI through an iGPS (Intel GPS) module integrate into all i840 motherboards. Those who have something to hide should buy AMD!"
"Not be outdone in this war on liberty, AMD announces QuantiLiberty, the fractional liberty positional escrow system. We not only report your position, we also anticipate your future movements by examining your daily calendars!"
It's 10 p.m....does the government  know where you are?
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-17 19:21:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: More on Autoclaving the Mail 
As I write about in another post, this is generally correct. The main purpose of an autoclave or pressure canner is to get the internal temperature to above 240 F, because some organisms can live at boiling water temperatures.
However, pressure canners allow the air inside Mason jars, or cans, to escape during the heating process, then during the cooling period the lid is pressed down on the lip of the jar and a seal is made. This is a big part of canning, of course.
I doubt an already tightly-sealed Mason jar would implode, but it might. Some experiments would be easy to do.
(Along with experiments to see what temperatures are reached inside sealed containers after various amounts of time. I have a "peak temperature recording" thermometer, but mine is only good for "normal" weather temps. I'm sure such things exist for higher temperatures. Check a chemical equipment supply house, like Fisher, or even Edmund Scientific. Or just type suitable terms into search engines, if actually interested in doing this experiment. Experimenting with anthrax cultures is no longer feasible, or politically safe to do.)
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-17 19:11:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Autoclaving the mail 
I disagree. While autoclaves and pressure cookers/canners do indeed "heat faster," the main purpose is not speeding up the heating.
Rather, it is in getting the temperature to 240 F or higher, the temperature required to kill organisms which are not killed at mere boiling water temperatures. And, secondarily, in getting the temperature in all the various nooks and crannies of instruments. (In this part, I agree that "heating faster" is important...but it's only a secondary issue, and of no practical importance for the "autoclaving the mail" proposal: one just leaves the mail in the autoclave or pressure canner for another couple of minutes, thus compensating for any slight lag time in heating.)
In a pressure canner, this 240 F temp is needed to prevent botulism in low-acid foods (meats, some vegetables). High-acid foods like jams and jellies and fruits can be canned in ordinary boiling water.
Not that I am endorsing this idea, but the contents of a sealed container will _still_ see the internal 240 F temperature (albeit with some small thermal lag, depending on construction, thermal mass, etc.). Papers inside a sealed metal foil package, for example, without insulation in the foil, will reach the ambient temperature (240 F) pretty quickly.
It is not necessary for the steam to touch the material being sterilized.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-15 00:07:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: MIME cruft vs. straight ASCII 128 
I agree with Measl. I sent "Karsten M. Self" (if that's his real name) to the cornfield for his worthless contributions and willful ignorance.
I got the "Anthrax protocol issued" post just fine. Maybe it's because I have "Show MIME" disabled. Maybe "Karsten M. Self" is complaining because he has MIME enabled.
(Which is presumably why we keep getting his MIME signatures attached to his mail, and which lne.com thoughtfully removes.)
Fact is, straight ASCII text is the lingua franca of the Net (note that "lingua franca" was NOT italicized in some non-ASCII 128 font). What is lost in not having accent agraves and umlauts and Farsi language fonts is more than made up for by having the "straight 128" ASCII character --Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-10-13 17:43:39
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: FBI myopia == crypto/steganography? 
Most of the above is nonsense.
I heard about the plan to hijack and crash 8 jetliners back when the arrests were made. It was well-covered in the press.
To now claim that this is just now being publicized is ludicrous and --Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-11 02:44:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: OK, folks, the Bert-Osama connection is for real 
Where do you think "cookies" got their name?
All your Al Quedas are belong to us!
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-10-10 03:46:31
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: I've sent him to the cornfield 
No comment needed.
P L O N K
I noted with interest the arrival of this "Karsten M. Self," who seemed to have an opinion on everything. As the weeks have gone by, I have seen nothing substantive. Now he cheerfully admits to total ignorance. Time to send him to the cornfield.
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-09 01:04:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: New fashion trend 
If I appear short-tempered, I simply get way too many things sent to me each day. If they are articles written by the authors, this is one thing. But getting jokes, cartoons, and op-ed pieces every single day is just too much.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-07 00:18:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Satellite of love 
Probably unrelated to any new satellites, especially as the only once since 9/11 was just launched yesterday. Probably some sats have been moved to new locations. Even if repositioned, the imaging satellites (KH-12s, etc.) usually relay their data to TDRSS and DSCS relay satellites, and then down to the ground stations.
Lastly, most of the Blue Cube's duties got transferred to Falcon AFB in Colorado some years ago.
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-05 23:50:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: sigs 
It's quite old, from around 1996-7 or so. The message is still apt...perhaps more apt, as we race toward erasing all constitutional I'm just playing with software which rotates the .sig I use. I've added a few, and they rotate.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-05 17:24:18
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Crypto FUD from ABCnews 
Don't forget that it was a U.S. evening news show that "demonstrated" that gas tanks of a particular vehicle are prone to catching fire by attaching an Estes model rocket engine to the gas tank! Only when someone narced them out did they sheepishly admit that they had faked the demonstration with this rocket engine.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-03 21:48:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: WTC Crime Scene 
Products like this one may help:
And there are some tips I found with Google (searching on just "unerase flash memory"--other combos may give even better hits):
With this tip:
Beginners Flash: Unerasing Lost Images
It happens. "My name is [unintelligible]. I erased my media card before I copied the images." Hi, [unintelligible]. We all make mistakes.
Before you panic and do something (else) foolish, work on a good excuse. Here's a starter kit:
1.	"I thought you copied them." Where "you" could be anything from an African violet to a goldfish to a cat to a spouse or a long lost relative already framed on the mantel.
2.	"I pressed the wrong button." Nobody has to know no buttons are 3.	"It said 'Copy.'" Well, desperate measures call for desperate acts.
OK, now panic. Get it out of your system.
If this is your first time (oh, there will be others), start by deliberately making the same mistake again -- but to a second card or floppy. You can try all sorts of techniques on the second one until you find something that works.
The first thing to realize is that -- whether you are using a Macintosh or a Windows PC -- your storage device is (no doubt) formatted for Macintoshes have no trouble reading and writing MS-DOS media (and, just for the record, PCs can handle Macintosh media with third-party software). But neither of them is any good at running disk utilities on the other's media. Your Norton knows your native file system, period. So recovery of a DOS-formatted card is a Windows task.
Unfortunately, Windows may see your card only as a network drive (where, as with floppies, deletions are not safely buffered in the Recycle Bin). And it's rude to reorganize the directories of network drives, so your usual unerase utility may not go there.
But there's hope. No guarantees, but hope. Although there's precious little hope if you've already stored newer images on it. Or just reformatted the card. But you didn't do that.
So to unerase from your DOS-formatted card you'll need access to a Windows computer with a card reader and software that will recognize your card and unerase your files.
There are a number of unerase utilities that may help. We know of one 64-MB CompactFlash card saved by the shareware program Recover98 ( even after a few new shots were written to it by a Nikon 950. We've had no success ourselves with MS-DOS Undelete, Norton Quick Unerase (which has trouble with files as large as image files) and Unerase or shareware like Directory Snoop ( -- either because they wouldn't touch a network drive or couldn't find the first cluster of deleted files. The freeware program Emergency Undelete for Windows NT ( sounds promising, but we haven't personally been saved by it. If you have a success story with any unerase utility, let us know about it at editor and we'll pass the information along.
These utilities know a little secret: the data on the card is not really erased. It isn't lost until it is written over the next time information is saved to its formerly protected sectors. Instead, an erase operation simply frees the file's disk space, overwriting the file name's first character in the card's directory with the Greek character sigma. It's faster and just as effective. If not secure. To actually erase the file, you have to write over every byte. And more than once, if you believe certain U.S. government specs. (That's what the Norton Wipe command is all about.)
If you're lucky, your unerase utility will just ask you for the first letter of each erased file name it found. And a few keystrokes later you'll have your file right back where you hoped it still was.
We made the stunning revelation above that everyone (except goldfish) makes mistakes. It's our intelligence misfiring, really. So take heart! But if you're really intelligent, swing the odds in your favor by getting into foolproof habits like deleting images only in your camera -- using your computer solely to copy and relying on your camera to subsequently delete. While looking at your images on screen. From the CD you just burned.

@_date: 2001-10-03 18:25:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: IP: Newsweek: FBI had one hijacker before Sept 11th and 
Let's look at a section of the article cited:
""....after officials at an Eagan, Minn., flight school tipped them off
that the 33-year-old French citizen was acting suspiciously. Moussaoui
had sought training only in making turnsnot take-offs and landingsand
specifically asked about flying over New York air space, officials said.
  "      But, while Moussaoui himself was placed in detention on minor
immigration charges on August 17, agents in Minneapolis were never given
approval by Justice Department officials in Washington to open up the
hard drive on the suspects computer. ..."
So, "acting suspiciously" is now the backdoor to the Fourth Amendment?
Or was it the "minor immigration charges"?
There are thousands, even tens of thousands, of "minor immigration
charges" every day. Papers not in order, visas expired, even failure to
produce proof of citizenship. (Hint, yours truly, T C May, cannot easily
find  any proof of his citizenship...we native born folks don't _need_
no stinking proofs of citizenship. So, if I am "acting suspiciously" and
cannot produce my citizenship papers, does my hard drive suddenly become
fair game for snoopers?)
Beware the logic of using 20/20 hindsight as a justification for
expanded search powers.
"Had we been allowed to look in his trunk, we would have found the gun
he later used to kill those people. We need the power to do our job."
"Police admit that they could have detected the illegal drug deals if
only they had deployed more video surveillance cameras. We must give
them the power to do their jobs!"
"Key escrow would have helped."
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-01 20:29:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: America needs aromatherapy 
If people don't want to pay this "cost" of idling then they won't.
But it's not in any sense of the word a "hidden subsidy."
Calling various costs "hidden subsidies" does a disservice to the --Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-01 17:53:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: State of Perpetual Emergency 
Lincoln began the process with his emergency decrees, including his suspension of habeus corpus. (Basically, folks could be jailed without the state producing strong evidence of a crime.)
(I expect today's Emergency Orderers are sifting through all such decrees to see what they can crib.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-01 04:24:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Nuclear reactor sites no longer readily findable on Web 
I was checking some of my URLs for maps of nuclear power plants, maps once heavily publicized as parts of civil defense preparedness plans from the U.S.G.
Guess what? Many of them are gone. The Web caches are not fully useful, as the indexed sites point to the subpages containing the large image GIFs (and other formats). So Google's cache has the first page, but all attempts to access the subpages give the same "information no longer available" sorts of messages.
The main Nuclear Regulatory Commission site no longer allows downloading of maps, and results in this message:
Nuclear Site Locations
This site is no longer available.
For another example,
"Unsuccessful Access to INSC Information

@_date: 2001-10-02 06:50:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: America needs therapy 
Gee, I recall making a much different point. I recall disputing the claim that the "real, unsubsidized" price of oil is $10 a gallon for gas.
Oil looks cheap because oil _is_ cheap.
It gets a lot more expensive at the pump because various shakedown artists apply taxes, which they rationalize to their proles in various --Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-01 18:05:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Lesson from WTC: Question Authority 
There have been a couple of very interesting eyewitness, close-at-hand reports that I have seen. One was a long report from a survivor from around the 50th floor, posted in misc.survivalism.
Another, which few of you have probably seen, was from a UCSC graduate who had just started in a clerical job at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter. This was the cover story for one of our Santa Cruz weekly freebie papers. This guy's story of escape pretty much matched the above story.
In both cases, something leapt out at me:
The "authorities" (the voice over the building PA system) were advising employees not to panic, to return to their desks, to await orderly evacuation orders.
When he heard/saw the first impact, his supervisor said they should "not panic" and should await further orders. As he was quoted in the newspaper, his view was "Fuck it, I'm OUTTA HERE." He headed down the The other survivor reported much the same story.
Those who stayed behind, or who returned to their offices, or who turned around in the stairwell and headed back up, most of them probably are now  human smoked puree in the rubble.
The moral: look out for yourself, and maybe a few others, friends or even strangers. But don't trust "authority"--trusting the soothing voices over the PA got a lot of people killed.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-01 20:24:29
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Just Say "So?" 
When confronted with calls to "Do something!" or "We can't just stand by and watch!," I think of one word: "So?"
"If we don't intervene in Yakistan, the Pothurden minority will be "If we don't subsidize the production of ethanol, it will not succeed."
"If we as a nation don't launch a major effort to land a man on Mars, it won't happen!"
"We need to rebuild the World Trade Center, else America will have been defeated by the terrorists."
"If we don't do something about online porn, it will get worse."
Asking "So?" is a powerful antidote to what frequently crops up as a kind of debating error. (It may even have some Latin name, but I don't know it.)
This error can be summarized as:
Assumes a solution is required. Implies that there is some problem which must be resolved, which agreement must be reached on.  Thus, we must solve the problem in Yakistan, or the problem of ethanol cost, or Mars colonization, online porn, etc.
Asking "So?" says succinctly that the problem posed is not accepted as a problem which needs collective (or taxpayer-funded) solving. It also causes the other party, at least in some cases, to step back and attempt to explain why the "ethanol problem" or the "pornography problem" needs to be solved, instead of simply assuming it's a problem requiring collective solving with the only argument being how best to solve it.
I find it refreshing to think this way. I believe I first heard this point of view articulated in this simple form by Chip Morningstar, but it certainly is consistent with the libertarian points of view of Harry Browne, P.J. O'Rourke, and others.
Just Say "So?"

@_date: 2001-10-03 05:35:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
"Pursuant to the Defense of the Homeland Act of 2001, isolation of regions deemed hostile to the Reich, er, the Heimat, er, the Homeland, shall commence after the 9-11-01 Event of next week, er, last week. You do not need to adjust your Internet connection--we  are in control. We will control all that you see and hear."
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-03 03:23:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
You sure you're entering cryptome.org, and not cryptome.com?
I jut tried it yet again, 8:20 pm PDT, and it works fine.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-03 01:08:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: cryptome down ? 
Worked for me last night, this morning, and 30 seconds ago (6:07 pm PDT).
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-03 01:20:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Photographing Dams 
Fuck that.
No. You really have been reading too many of the "Happy Fun Court is Not Amused" arguments and not enough about probable cause, the Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment, and the C. in general. There certain is no "requirement to cooperate."
Where to do otherwise intelligent people pick up these bizarre ideas?
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-03 00:25:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Photographing Dams 
There have been several panicky calls that "Arabs" were seen at national tourist spots, including photographing the Hoover Dam. Some on Usenet are calling for steps to "crack down" on these photographers.
This is an article I wrote for Usenet:
This is not the Soviet Union. Anyone may photograph _anything_, except
on a military base or the like. There are no restrictions supported in
the U.S. Constitution supporting bans on photographing, drawing, or
making notes on anything not explicitly forbidden by military
classification laws.
I know that I if I am ever stopped for photographing a dam or a bridge
I hope I'll have the courage to tell the cop to fuck off.  If arrested
on such a bogus charge, things will escalate dramatically and I would
be forced to Plan B.
(Sounds harsh. "They're just doing their job." Nope. They don't have
any legal right to stop persons without probable cause. Looking Arabic
is not probable cause. Photographing a dam is not probable cause. Being
suspicious is not probable cause.)
I realize many of the survivalist and gun owner types are now adopting
the "My country, right or wrong" stance. Not me.
Things are going to get very, very violent if this stampede toward a
police state continues.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:50:29
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: ZKS Shutdown 
I just saw Ian Goldberg's latest message on this. Here's most of it:
Re:Ian Goldberg, Bruce Schneier & Whitfield Di (Score:1)
by Ian Goldberg on Thursday October 04,  (
(User  Info | Believe me, no one is more disappointed about this than I am, but right now there simply isn't enough market buy-in on the premium services to justify the network's operating costs. :-(
As a business, we are focusing on the product that customers and partners want. Here's an official Zero-Knowledge Systems statement on the matter:
With the release of Freedom 3.0 [zeroknowledge.com] and the discontinuation of the Freedom Network (our anonymous browsing and encrypted pseudonym service) there have been a number of questions for more details about the decision to stop offering the Freedom Network services. Hopefully this will help clarify things.
When we released Freedom 1.0 close to 2 years ago we saw a significant percentage of our users subscribe to the premium Freedom Network services. This was anticipated as our early adopters were very privacy and technology aware and had expressed strong interest in the Freedom Network offering.
As we began to increase the distribution of Freedom into the mass market with the release of Freedom 2.0 & 2.2, we saw a disproportionately high percentage of users who subscribed to the standard features (and not Freedom Network services). The initial interest in the premium (FN) services amongst our early adopters simply didn't carry over to the mainstream and as our user numbers grew, we began to realize that the market was looking for the kind of features we are now offering in Freedom 3.0.
As we began our feature triage for Freedom 3.0 (almost 9 months ago) we heard from customers and focus groups of users, as well as channel partners [zeroknowledge.com], and reflected on the statistics from our existing user base, and decided that there was not enough mass market demand for the premium services to justify continuing the service.
This was entirely a market related decision. The market demand for consumer Internet security and safety tools has grown considerably in the 4 years our company has been in business. Freedom 3.0 is a strong competitor to security offerings from companies such as Symantec and McAfee and we have gotten very positive market support and a warm reception from channel partners to this new version of our suite of privacy and security tools.
There has been speculation that this decision was somehow related to government pressure or was made in the wake of the tragedies of September 11. This is simply untrue. For the past 3 months we have been beta-testing this version with partners, getting certification from Microsoft for our drivers and completing our Alpha and Beta cycles with our beta users. Support for the Freedom network offering was removed from the client code base well before the recent tragedies of September Our research team is continuing work in the area of privacy enhanced network protocols, and we are open to any suggestions the research community offers on how we can leverage the work that went into the Freedom Network design and operation to advance this area of computer science. If you have suggestions or interest in this, please contact us at corporate [mailto].
Zero-Knowledge continues to offer our consumer protection utility Freedom 3.0 and we are very excited by the prospects for this product. We also have a division that is addressing the market need of enterprise privacy technologies that stem from managing consumer data that require strong security and policy frameworks to adhere to privacy regulations and customer preference management (Healthcare; Financial and other consumer data that is subject to new security, privacy restrictions relating to legislation like HIPAA, GLB, PIPEDA, EU privacy directive).
Our company continues to evolve and focus our efforts on market needs and customer demands and we remain very confident of our prospec

@_date: 2001-10-05 17:20:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The Coming Crypto Winter 
The sheeple and the scribblers are falling all over themselves to sacrifice liberty.
Mossberg, Young, and all of the other recent enemies of liberty don't understand that the right to keep private diaries, to speak in whispers, to draw the curtains, to meet in private, and to post anonymous handbills goes back to the founding of the nation.
"Time for the special treatment to end" is a display of ignorance. Perhaps he should reread some of the pseudonymous writings in the Federalist Papers.
I would write more, but what's the point? If they haven't grokked the essence of liberty before, our words can't help. Only technology can.
As predicted by many of us over the years, the "Crypto Winter" is coming.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-05 22:03:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax found in Florida 
Nor should you. They won't work for the obvious reasons, oft-discussed.
That E-Bay auctions are pricing them at $500 for a surplus Israeli mask shows P.T. Barnum was right.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-05 20:13:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax found in Florida 
First case of inhalational anthrax reported in the U.S. in over 25 years, CNN reported, and yet it is happening NOW?
The news reports are that the man may have been exposed during a visit to North Carolina...they're checking on it. However, consider the _SECOND_ odd coincidence: the man is from the same part of Florida (Lantana, or somesuch) that the WTC pilots were training at.
One coincidence is just that. Two...
--Tim May
V-CHIP CONTENT WARNING: THIS POST IS RATED: R, V, NPC, RI, S, I13.
[For processing by the required-by-1998 V-chips, those reading this post
from an archive must set their V-chip to "42-0666." I will not be held
responsible for posts incorrectly filtered-out by a V-chip that has been
by-passed, hot-chipped, or incorrectly programmed.]
***WARNING!*** It has become necessary to warn potential readers of my
messages before they proceed further. This warning may not fully protect against criminal or civil proceedings, but it may be treated as a attempt to obey the various and increasing numbers of laws.
* Under the ***TELECOM ACT OF 1996***, minor CHILDREN (under the age of may not read or handle this message under any circumstances. If you are
under 18, delete this message NOW. Also, if you are developmentally
disabled, irony-impaired, emotionally traumatized, schizophrenic, PMS, affected by Humor Deprivation Syndrom (HDS), or under the care of a
doctor, then the TELECOM ACT OF 1996 may apply to you as well, even if are 18. If you fall into one of these categories and are not considered
competent to judge for yourself what you are reading, DELETE this message
* Under the UTAH PROTECTION OF CHILDREN ACT OF 1996, those under the age 21 may not read this post. All residents of Utah, and Mormons elsewhere,
must install the M-Chip.
* Under the PROTECTION OF THE REICH laws, residents of Germany may not this post.
* Under the MERCIFUL SHIELD OF ALLAH (Praise be to Him!) holy
interpretations of the Koran of the following countries (but not limited this list) you may not read this post if you are a FEMALE OF ANY AGE: Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Egypt, Jordan,
Sudan, Libya, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Algeria, Lebanon, Morocco, Tunisia,
Yemen, Oman, Syria, Bahrain, and the Palestinian Authority. Non-female
persons may also be barred from reading this post, depending on the
settings of your I-Chip.
* Under the proposed CHINESE INTERNET laws, covering The People's of China, Formosa, Hong Kong, Macao, Malaysia, and parts of several
surrrounding territories, the rules are so nebulous and unspecified that I
cannot say whether you are allowed to read this. Thus, you must SUBMIT post you wish to read to your local authorities for further filtering.
* In Singapore, merely be RECEIVING this post you have violated the will Lee Kwan Yu. Report to your local police office to receive your caning.
* Finally, if you are barrred from contact with the Internet, or by court order from being disturbed by thoughts which may disturb you, or
covered by protective orders, it is up to you to adjust the settings of
your V-Chip to ensure that my post does not reach you.
*** THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATIENCE IN COMPLYING WITH THESE LAWS ***

@_date: 2001-10-06 04:11:21
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax...coincidence? 
This just in: (a very long URL...be careful cutting and pasting or "10/05 10:32
Center for Disease Control Investigating Second Anthrax Case
By Chris Dolmetsch
Fort Lee, New Jersey, Oct. 5 (Bloomberg) -- The Center for Disease Control is investigating a second case of anthrax poisoning in Florida, financial network CNBC reported, citing NBC News.
One man is already hospitalized in critical condition in a Florida hospital with the deadly disease, CNBC said. The disease is not contagious between people. No further details were given.
Two cases of anthrax in Florida, if this is true, when there have been very few cases in the past 100 years. (And even fewer pulmonary cases...)
And right where the WTC pilots were living and training.
(BTW, the incubation period for anthrax is up to 60 days...)
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-05 20:41:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Anthrax...coincidence? 
I thought I'd fill in the details for any of the skeptics:
In the anthrax story:
"LANTANA, Fla. (AP) - Health officials have begun tracing the steps of a Florida man to pinpoint how he became the first person in the United States in a quarter-century to contract an inhaled form of anthrax, a disease with a much higher profile since the terrorist attacks. "
And here's the connection to the flight schools and where Atta and his partners rented apartments:
"U.S. agents followed Atta's trail from flight training in Venice on the west coast to an apartment in Coral Springs to another in Hollywood to Lantana, a town on the state's east coast..."
Yeah, mere coincidence that the first reported case of inhalational anthrax in 25 years happened at this time, and in the same small town where several of the WTC attackers were living and training. (And that Atta was one of those trying to rent a crop-dusting plane.)
It would be paranoid to speculate that the strain is India-1967, the virulent form of inhalational anthrax developed by Biopreparat/Vector and weaponized and tested at Voz. Island in Kazahkstan, north of When U.S inspectors finally got to the Stepnogorsk facility, weeds were growing in the paths between buildings, the doors were flapping in the wind, and the stockpiles of smallpox, anthrax, Marburg, tularemia, and pneumonic plague had presumably already been sold to the highest bidders.
Have a nice day!
By the way, with reference to the quote from the enemy of liberty below, it is tempting for those who have not thought about the issues deeply to opine that the horrors of biological terrorism mean that even _more_ civil liberties must be sacrificed (no doubt "Reason" is already preparing a "germs are scary!" piece to explain why there are no libertarians in biohazard suits).
Bear in mind it was GOVERNMENTS who spend billions of dollars and rubles finding ways to kill certain ethnic groups with biological vectors, ways to gas cities of millions, and ways to create superbugs uncontrollable by vaccines. (The U.S. government fears the Sovs devoloped variants of smallpox using recombinant DNA techniques that will not be controllable by vaccines.)
I speed-read Tucker's "Scourge" several days ago, and yesterday I sat down at my local Borders and speed-read the new Judith Miller, William Broad, etc. book "Germs." (When I "speed-read" I read for the important parts; I can usually absorb a book like this in an hour or so. I would read the book at my leisure, but I hate paying $30 for a book I can skim and get the gist of.)
Nothing we didn't already know, except some stuff that goes beyond Ken Alibek's "Biohazard." Especially about the weapons plants in Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, and other places very close to Afghanistan! I'd thought from Alibek's book that most of the Biopreparat facilities were in Sverdlovsk and other places in Siberia. (Not that shipping a flask of India-1967 or anthrax another 2000 miles is difficult.)
Like I said, "Have a nice day."
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-05 22:53:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do 
It's called "Posse Commitatus," and it's clear that troops cannot be used on U.S. soil.
There have been a _few_ cases where regular armed forces were deployed in emergencies. Of course, the War of Northern Aggression was one massive terror action and the army was of course deployed.
The recent deployments in airports are of the National Guard. These units are under controls of _governors_ of states, and are not covered by Posse Comitatus. "Calling in the National Guard" has been common for many decades.
--Tim May
V-CHIP CONTENT WARNING: THIS POST IS RATED: R, V, NPC, RI, S, I13.
[For processing by the required-by-1998 V-chips, those reading this post
from an archive must set their V-chip to "42-0666." I will not be held
responsible for posts incorrectly filtered-out by a V-chip that has been
by-passed, hot-chipped, or incorrectly programmed.]
***WARNING!*** It has become necessary to warn potential readers of my
messages before they proceed further. This warning may not fully protect against criminal or civil proceedings, but it may be treated as a attempt to obey the various and increasing numbers of laws.
* Under the ***TELECOM ACT OF 1996***, minor CHILDREN (under the age of may not read or handle this message under any circumstances. If you are
under 18, delete this message NOW. Also, if you are developmentally
disabled, irony-impaired, emotionally traumatized, schizophrenic, PMS, affected by Humor Deprivation Syndrom (HDS), or under the care of a
doctor, then the TELECOM ACT OF 1996 may apply to you as well, even if are 18. If you fall into one of these categories and are not considered
competent to judge for yourself what you are reading, DELETE this message
* Under the UTAH PROTECTION OF CHILDREN ACT OF 1996, those under the age 21 may not read this post. All residents of Utah, and Mormons elsewhere,
must install the M-Chip.
* Under the PROTECTION OF THE REICH laws, residents of Germany may not this post.
* Under the MERCIFUL SHIELD OF ALLAH (Praise be to Him!) holy
interpretations of the Koran of the following countries (but not limited this list) you may not read this post if you are a FEMALE OF ANY AGE: Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Egypt, Jordan,
Sudan, Libya, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Algeria, Lebanon, Morocco, Tunisia,
Yemen, Oman, Syria, Bahrain, and the Palestinian Authority. Non-female
persons may also be barred from reading this post, depending on the
settings of your I-Chip.
* Under the proposed CHINESE INTERNET laws, covering The People's of China, Formosa, Hong Kong, Macao, Malaysia, and parts of several
surrrounding territories, the rules are so nebulous and unspecified that I
cannot say whether you are allowed to read this. Thus, you must SUBMIT post you wish to read to your local authorities for further filtering.
* In Singapore, merely be RECEIVING this post you have violated the will Lee Kwan Yu. Report to your local police office to receive your caning.
* Finally, if you are barrred from contact with the Internet, or by court order from being disturbed by thoughts which may disturb you, or
covered by protective orders, it is up to you to adjust the settings of
your V-Chip to ensure that my post does not reach you.
*** THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATIENCE IN COMPLYING WITH THESE LAWS ***

@_date: 2001-10-05 22:44:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do 
When the objects are in the hands of the proles, the sheeple, they are Evil, Black, Baby-Killing Assault Weapons. When they are in the hands of the staatspolizei, they are "M-16s."
In any case, having such rifles in crowded airline terminals is just theater: the intent is to make the sheeple feel safe, so that the sheeple will return to flying and spend money.
Better approaches to airline security are obvious. In terms of the arms, note that Israel doesn't use M-16s in airports (though they use them in their army, having mostly retired the Galil). The Uzi is a popular choice in Israel. The H&K MP5 in all of its variations is also popular.
More importantly, having several highly-trained marksmen is more useful that having a bunch of BDU-clad weekend warriors standing around with M-16s slung over their shoulders. Duh!
And, of course, Rounds Two and Three will not resemble Round One, so most of the current hysteria over airports will shift to something else.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-07 06:40:04
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: 11 YO Suspended for Alleged WTC Smiling 
Someone has dubbed this "griefcrime," after Orwell's "thoughtcrime."
The notion that a child grinning while displaying his "Peace Poem" assignment is cheering on some act is bizarre. Many years ago I got interested in the way people will smile or grin (or do something besides weeps and frown) when they are reacting to bad news or talking about it.
Because of this interest, I've watched thousands of people on t.v. dealing with bad news or sorrowful news with various upturns of their mouth, grins, etc. Does it mean they're "happy" with what they are talking about? No. It means that people react in various ways. Some grinning is due to nervous reaction. Some is subconscious.
  (Not that I countenance punishing a person for such thoughtcrime.)
Griefcrime is out of control this time around. When children are _required_ by law to attend school, there is no place for punishing them for incorrect thoughts...if these thoughts were even incorrect in any meaningful sense (pace the point about grins being personal reactions).
I'm glad I don't have any rug rats in the U.S. educational system. I expect I'd be arrested for threatening to blow the heads off of teachers and administrators.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-08 20:36:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: What color are anthrax spores anyway? 
I found the Bloomberg reference to the MSNBC report and posted it here Friday night.
I don't know what you mean about saying "i tried telling people here..."
A few people reported problems pasting the URL in, but others found it to work.
The events of today just confirmed what came out on Friday: the second case, and the fact that the cases are within a few miles of where the Jihad warriors trained, is mighty suspicious. The cover story, that Edwards must have gotten it during a trip to North Carolina, is now "no longer operative."
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-08 16:17:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Internet Hoax Articles Considered Harmful 
Oh? Except for the most common cities (Washington, New York, Los Angeles, etc.), my sampling shows they usually give the state. Sometimes abbreviated to 2-4 letters, sometimes spelled out completely. Here are some AP items I pullled:
(By the way, the last item is NOT a hoax by me, and confirms what I posted from the Bloomberg site a few days ago.)
--Tim May
FAIRBANKS, Alaska (AP) - Crews on Saturday installed a clamp over a bullet hole in the trans-Alaska pipeline, finally stopping a leak that spewed 285,600 gallons of oil onto the wilderness over three days.
KNOB NOSTER, Mo. (AP) - They heard the rumbles and their houses shook. As they sat in their homes next to Whiteman Air Force Base, residents knew the retaliations had begun.
BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) - A co-worker of the man who died last week from anthrax also has tested positive for the disease and the building where both worked was closed after the bacterium was detected there.

@_date: 2001-10-08 06:54:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Internet Hoax Articles Considered Harmful 
Monday October 8 2:16 AM ET
Ridge Warns on Internet Hoax Articles
By Winston Blair, Associated Press Writer
PHILADELPHIA, Pennyslvania (AP) - Homeland Defense Secretary Tom Ridge said Sunday that the U.S. faces a serious and expanding threat from fraudulent Internet articles, or hoaxes.
``These articles often sway the gullible,'' he told a press conference in Philadelphia. ``It cannot be permitted. The freedom of speech we enshrine in our Constitution is not the freedom to speak frivolously in times of war. There are no free speech advocates in foxholes.''
Ridge stressed that the U.S moves to limit false news articles will be done with input from civil liberties groups, saying the moves are ``against info-terrorists, info-terrorism, their sanctuaries and their

@_date: 2001-10-08 16:23:10
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Second man tests positive for anthrax; media building 
This confirms the news I posted a few days ago. The first known case of inhalational anthrax in 25 years happens at this time. Then the second...
Moreover, in the same small town of Lantana where three of the WTC pilots lived and worked.
Mighty weird coincidence, if it is. One coincidence is probably that, but more?
(A complete speculation, admittedly, is the connection with the first dead guy's occupation: a photographer for the weekly tabloid "The Sun." Speculations that he was photographing the WTC pilots and their small plane for a "scoop" on bioterrorism are unsubstantiated.)
--Tim May
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-09 00:06:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: More on Anthrax cases at publishing company in Florida 
Pretty close to what Newsweek (   )
is now saying:
" NEWSWEEK has learned that the FBI is aggressively trying to locate a
summer intern from nearby Florida Atlantic University in connection with
the investigation. The intern, who sources said came from a Middle
Eastern country, had sent an e-mail to all employees that a top American
Media official described as peculiar. The email thanked company
employees for the help he gave them, but then contained language
suggesting that he wasnt saying goodbye."
MSNBC is reporting on the air that the anthrax was mailed and may have
been mailed to  other newspapers as well. (Howard Fineman is being
interviewed on the Chris Matthews show.)
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman
explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:27:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: More on Anthrax cases at publishing company in Florida 
The item I quoted was widely available on every news service, not the least of which was  Yahoo headlines. I included the title of the piece, the author, and the source, any of which were sufficient for your favorite search engine to turn up.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-08 19:33:26
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: More on Anthrax cases at publishing company in Florida 
Monday October 8 2:52 PM ET
FBI Probes Anthrax, Terror Link
By AMANDA RIDDLE, Associated Press Writer
BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) - The FBI (news - web sites) is investigating the possibility that anthrax bacteria found in two Florida men is a result of terrorism, Attorney General John Ashcroft (news - web sites) said The bacteria killed one of the men Friday. It has since been detected in the nose of a co-worker and on a computer keyboard in the newspaper office where both men worked, health officials said.
The co-worker was in stable condition Monday at an unidentified Miami-Dade County hospital, according to health officials. He had been tested for anthrax because he happened to be in a hospital for an unrelated illness.
[Tim Note: CNN says the 73-year-old man had been admitted to the ICU/emergency room with "pneumonia-like" symptoms on Friday/Saturday. He was released when he improved. Those who know about anthrax know that this fits the model of the "anthrax honeymoon," the period of a few days after an initial bad period where the patient seems to be get better. Then it gets much, much worse. In fact, by the time the patient is in the anthrax honeymoon, it's too late. so look for this second patient to be dying soon.]
David Pecker, chief executive of the tabloid's publisher, American Media Inc., said the man worked in the mailroom.
[Tim Note: The mail room. And spores have been found on a keyboard. Anyone still think the first guy got it out in the wild someplace?]
Stevens lived about a mile from an air strip where suspected hijacker Mohamed Atta rented planes, said Marian Smith, owner of the flight school, said Monday. Several suspected hijackers also visited and asked questions at a crop-dusting business in Belle Glade, 40 miles from Stevens' home in Lantana.
--end excerpt--
A lot of coincidences. Too many.
Be interesting if the anthrax spores were mixed in with outgoing copies of The Sun and The National Inquirer! Ignore that fine powder shaking out of the paper as people read their copies at the Waffle House...
(Be interesting if it turns out a pressman bagging the newspapers for shipment around the country has ties to the other WTC Jihad warriors. "The FBI has confirmed that Mustafa bin Azolot, a 22-year-old worker in the printing plant, has disappeared from his apartment in Lantana, Fla.")
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:24:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: New fashion trend 
Please don't send JPEGs or MPEGs or anything of the sort to our mailing --Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-10 04:30:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
No, you're missing the real issue. Having a tape of what was said is meaningless for two main reasons:
1. Selective quoting. Out of a typical interview, the reporter can extract the juiciest quotes, even if misleading and out of context.
2. Enforcement. Having a tape is not very useful. (Declan says some court rulings say that verbal agreements are binding, but this presumes that one would bother to sue, hire the lawyers, and see it through. I know I wouldn't. I'd rather pay $5000 to have a lying journalist whacked than spend a hundred thousand bucks fighting AOL Time Warner or General Electric and, probably, losing.)
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-10 04:23:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
Which shows? When/
I'm a frequent watcher of CNN (though not CNN-FN or Lou Dobbs), and yet the only time I have seen you on t.v. was on an episode of Geraldo a year or two ago.
Yes, I'd say you fit the profile.
About right. Four hours of your time for 7 seconds of commentary.
No wonder the networks are gradually going broke.
"Typing dummy entries." Typical. Faking the news.
(I had a sort of similar experience in '95 when the BBC wanted to interview me. I had to get up at 5 am for an 8 am flight to LA (I live an hour away from the airport), take a series of buses and shuttles to a hoity toity hotel in Hollywood, wait for 3 hours for Alvin and Heidi Toffler to be interviewed, then submit to their "let's have you do some fake stuff!" producer directions. I resisted doing the fake stuff, but they insisted. I pretended to be doing something crypto-like. They ended up using about a second of this elaborately-faked session. And they lifted my comments in such a way as to misrepresent what I said. I finally  made my way back to LAX around 6, caught a late flight to SJO, and arrived back at my home around midnight. All for a meaningless snippet on a meaningless t.v. show seen by a few thousands Brits. Of course, were I a journalist or other such person, I would prominently list this in my resume. What a joke.)
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-10 03:22:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
Declan and others know this well, but it bears repeating:

@_date: 2001-10-10 03:06:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
Expressing my belief about what should be done to many people.
Deal with it, or don't.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-10 02:33:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
As the Deaf One used to say, "mega dittos."
When I used to give some interviews, or answer questions, essentially none of those who interviewed me had ever bothered to read anything I had written prior to the interview.
Every time I consent to an interview, I regret it. The most recent time was earlier this year for  a French journalist doing a piece on Freenet, Napster, peer-to-peer, Gnutellla, and related technologies. He contacted me by e-mail and said he wanted to get my comments on the significance of these technologies. I agreed and made myself available for his phone call. He promised he would send me a copy of the French magazine the piece was to run in.
Our interview lasted an hour. A frustrating hour, as he was not knowledgeable about crypto, anonymity, or political issues. "But wouldn't this interfere with police investigations?"
The worst was yet to come. He sent me e-mail saying his tape machine had somehow not been running, or something along these lines, and could I please do the interview _again_.
I stupidly made myself available a second time. It was much worse. Apparently the implications of crypto anarchy had sunk in, and he spent most of the 45 minutes or so debating me about what "chaos" would mean. Including the old chestnut about "what would happen to taxes? Who would help the poor?" I tried to tell him about market economies, the ubiquitousness of anarchies all around us, Hayek, Friedman, etc., but it was clear these were all things he had never thought about.
(Sort of the way airheads like Cathy Young write for "Reason" without ever having thought about their alleged beliefs.)
This second interview went nowhere,  due to getting bogged down in his utter disbelief that anyone could advocate such "libertarian" ideas (I assume libertarian ideas have not taken root in France--they like the trappings of radicalism, but they are actually very bourgois.). I never received a copy from him of the magazine article, or any further e-mail communication, so I don't even know if it ever got published.
I hear the magazine business is going into a steep dive this year, especially after 911. Apparently not a lot of people are shelling out real money to buy most of the thousand or so junky mags. ("Oracle 8i World, the magazine for Oracle 8i consumer-units," "Interior Southwestern Homes, the design magazine for pueblo reconstruction advertising," "Lesbigay Travel, the monthly for active lesbigays")
If we can knock off "Reason" and "Wired," it'll have been a good year.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-10 02:09:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
You can always tell them that if they willfully and substantively misquote you, you will visit their home, wait until they are are away, kill their wife and children, wait until they return home, force them to the floor at gunpoint, put tape around their mouth and nylon tie wraps around their hands, let them see what has been done to their family, let them think about it for 10 minutes, then put tape over their nose and wait for them to suffocate.
The danger is in telling them. It may be best to not tell them, but then to carry out punishment some appropriate time later.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-09 17:09:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
Insert here the usual quotes about "in war, the first casualty is truth."
Why anyone expects scribblers to stick to the truth (even their flaky conceptions of it) in these strange times is beyond me.
We have "Wired News" (not DM) nattering about "gun show loopholes," we have "Reason"  opining that free speech is rilly, rilly scary and like, ya know, there are no libertarians in foxholes.
I've had a couple of reporters try to reach me for "quotes." When I turned them down, they replied along the lines of "But it'll only take a minute of your time." All the worse, but they miss this point.
The time for careful consideration of crypto, civil rights, stego, biowarfare, and other such issues was over the past decade or two. And these issues _have_ been beaten to death.
But I guess a newspaper or magazine or even an online "newschat" service would not do well if it advised readers in 30-point type:
READ THE FUCKING ARCHIVES!
USE SEARCH ENGINES!
And so the sheeple are given aerosol sprays of factoids and rumors.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-10 01:17:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Google and the Net 
I'm not "missing the point." I chose to talk about something else. Deal with it.
Fuck off.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-09 18:20:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Google and the Net 
Hypertext in general is doubleplus good.
I remember Gopher, Archie, and all of those crufty tools. I never much used them.  A friend did, and he would show me stacks of printouts from obscure sites he'd found and ftp'ed.
I had a _very_ primitive access to the ARPANet in 1972-3, using a weird storage tube display in the Chemistry building at UCSB.
(One of the first four nodes, courtesy of folks like Glenn Culler, who did a lot of engineering work on the node processors. He had a company called "Culler-Fried" and also "Culler-Harrison." Early floating-point processors. One of his companies evolved into Floating Point Systems, in Beaverton, OR, and then this was eventually merged into Cray Research, and thence into Sun or SGI (I forget who got which pieces). I know that Sun's very successful multi-CPU offerings are largely based on the SPARC arrays done at FPS. So, from Culler to AP-120B to Cray to Sun in a mere 30 years!)
Upon entering Intel, we had a lot of internal computer resources, but little or no access to ARPANet and then Internet. This changed around 1980 for some groups, with strict controls, and changed again in the mid-80s. But even now there are obvious firewalls, formal and informal.
My first real Usenet account was gotten in 1988, through Portal Communications. One of the first to offer accounts to "civilians." (Part of the reworking/renaming/refocussing of the Net, but even then there was yammering that mentioning a product name violated the "no commercial use" rules.)
A major inflection point came in 1994-95, with the wide availability of browsers. Then Alta Vista and DejaNews. Now Google reigns supreme.
It'll be interesting to see how long Google survives.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-10 17:16:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: US Food Aid Propaganda 
You think?
Wiping out the airfields, knocking out the lines of supply, all of this is essential to getting several million Afghanis to flee onto the mountain trails, where the snows will soon get them. This is essential to rooting out terrorism by reducing the terrorist breeding grounds by several million.
But, cheer up! 15,000 more orange food packlets are being scattered from 15,000 feet. And, I hear, at least 400 emergency tents are being dropped along the Khyber Pass.
Operation Final Solution should be successful by, say, January 20th.
We won't be able to do Bomb Damage Assessment until the spring thaw, --Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-11 01:28:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Open Sesame: Re: circular webs: bert & osama in undoctored 
In the name of Allah the Merciful and by all things great and small, the message is our call to initiate Open Sesame, the One Thousand and One Nights of Jihad.
God is Great!
--Tim May
"Those who beat their swords into plowshares will plow for those who don't." --Condor Chef

@_date: 2001-10-13 18:58:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: bush wheels out the nukes 
Beside the point. I was commenting on the paranoid/misinformed rant that "use of bunker bunkers" means "use of nuclear bunker busters."
You know this how?
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-13 17:48:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: bush wheels out the nukes 
Whoever it is you are quoting (I can't tell), this is nonsense.
Bunker busters were used in the Gulf War...are you too young to recall None of these bunker busters were nukes. Some were already-developed earth-burrowing warheads. Some were quickly-developed weapons based on converting large gun barrels (used on ships) into bombs.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-14 03:30:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: House votes 339-79 to approve USA Act v2.0 "anti-terror" 
But this is the way the best police states are established: quickly, out of the light of day, and with muted dissent.
It's what many of my friends have been hoping for. Only a complete fascist takeover can trigger the eventual collapse.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-10-14 15:37:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: A REALLY DIFFERENT terrorist threat view. 
Plate tectonics is a good example of a hypothesis that was

@_date: 2001-10-14 05:42:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: A REALLY DIFFERENT terrorist threat view. 
You were a creepy nitwit back around 1994 when you first showed up with
your ill-conceived ideas, you were a creepy nitwit when you came back a
few years later, and you are a creepy nitwit this time around.
Do you even read the crap you recommend? Or is it a case of "They
laughed at Tesla! They laughed at Choate! They laughed at Jeffers!"?
Consider some of what this URL talks about, the usual mumbo jumbo about
zero point energy of the universe, folded spacetime, unlimited energy,
cold fusion, and something called "inner infolded electromagnetics."
Submittted for the amusement of Cypherpunks (though with the profusion
of Yahoo, Hotmail, Hushmail, and other throwaway-account blissninnies, I
expect most of you to just go "Like, cool!"):
--begin excerpt--
  Specifically, they have very little knowledge of the capabilities of
higher symmetry electrodynamics, since they almost ubiquitously use
standard electrical engineers and engineering for analysis.  The problem
is that this standard type of analyst -- however capable in the orthodox
sense --  is totally incapable of even recognizing the indicators
pointing to a higher symmetry EM weapon or weapon test.
..... We also missed the fact that this internal LW EM dynamics
constitutes an infolded set of spacetime curvatures and their
dynamics -- spacetime curvature engines, e.g., or "vacuum engines" in
particle physics terms, or just "engines" for short.
  Not a single university in the United States even teaches what
actually powers an electrical circuit, even though that has been in
physics for more than 40 years,
....You will see a total failure to attack the energy crisis right where
it begins: by what actually powers the circuit.  You will see no
acceptance of cold fusion, now demonstrated in more than 600 successful
experiments worldwide, in several nations and many laboratories, by
perhaps 200 scientists from those countries, labs, or independently. For the electric circuit, any dipolarity, being opposite charges, a
priori extracts EM energy from the vacuum in unusable form ( the input
must be from the time-domain; it is easily demonstrated experimentally
that no observable EM energy is input in 3-space), transduces it into
usable form, and pours it out in all directions. ....Consequently, billions of dollars are being spent in energy research
on everything except the real problem: how to master and correctly use
the broken symmetry of the ubiquitous dipole.
..... we had to turn to a friendly foreign country, to its National
Materials Science Laboratory (which is part of its National Academy of
Sciences), to find scientists already well-versed in higher symmetry
electrodynamics and its use, willing to perform the final year of
research needed to develop the unit for the commercial market and full
production. That is now ongoing.
.....Yet astounding breakthroughs -- including for the good of all human
beings on this planet -- readily come from such work, in energy,
healing, propulsion, you name it.  The mastery of the "inner infolded
electromagnetics" inside all the normal EM potentials, fields and waves
is actually a unified field theory, but one directly engineerable on the
lab bench. .....to show that a small, portable higher group symmetry electrodynamic
medical treatment device can be rapidly developed in a crash program of
from $60-100 million.  The device could treat (radiate in very special
fashion) a casualty in about 2 minutes flat, and another, and another,
etc. community, not to mention the scientific community
--end excerpt--
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes;
perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks."
--Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-14 15:50:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: possession of brown sugar and envelopes illegal ? 
I drove through that area (Delray Beach. Lantana, Boca Raton) when I was visiting my sister in South Florida in 1994.
One continuous urban area, from Homestead to Miami to Hollywood to Fort Lauderdale to Delray Beach to West Palm Beach. There's a corridor on both sides of I-95 that is dense-packed with condos, apartments, tilt-ups, trailer parks,  slums, estates, and a few farms. (When I was there, the "new frontier" was a former farming community called Plantation...being replaced by new developments.)
As for Morlock's thesis, I don't know that any strong conclusions can be drawn about "high density living...incompatible with new weapons."
Certainly _some_ of us have decided to live in less crowded areas. Or, more accurately, in areas that are:

@_date: 2001-10-14 16:11:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Missing details on Afghanistan: Natural Gas (fwd) 
The writer above may not "seen this appear," but it's a basic tenet of Afghan history, going back decades, centuries, and millennia. The Silk Route passed through Afghanistan, the British tried to gain access and battled the Russians in what is usually dubbed "The Great Game." The Russians wanted a warm water port.
Daniel Yergin's book on the oil business some years back explained in great detail how the discovery of huge oil and gas fields in Central Asia early in the 20th century highlighted the issue of where to put a pipeline to a seaport. South through Uzbekistan and over the Khyber Pass into Pakistan and then down through the desert to the Arabian Sea was one conceived route. Another was west across Turkmenistan to Turkey to the Med was another.
(For those who get their history from James Bond movies, this was covered in the last Bond movie, where the French uberbabe Sophie Marceau played a Central Asian oil magnate. Scenes were shot in Tashkent.)
So, this is well-trod ground.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-10-14 19:47:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: More on "new physics" 
Could folks please try to use appropriate quoting software to separate what they are writing from what they are responding to?
--Tim May
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-10-14 17:40:40
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: More on "new physics" 
Someone sent me a private note. I have deleted his name for this public No one disputes the outstanding work Tesla did on a.c. transmission. And anyone who has seen or used a Tesla coil knows how real it is.
"Tesla physics" is all the cruft that has developed around some of his more obscure (and late) writings, usually mixed together with stuff Tesla could not have known about at the time of his death. To wit, the stuff about zero point energy and perpetual motion machines. And, sometimes, mixed together with the usual nutcase stuff about the Hollow Earth theory (zeta reticulans colonizing the hollow earth, Greys, underground UFO bases, secret Nazi weapons, etc.).
Tesla is a hero to these "new physics" nuts, even though nothing Tesla ever worked on or built contradicts in the slightest way the predictions of Maxwell's theories. They take Tesla's very real contributions and some of his weirder theories (though none of them so weird as the Hollow Earth/antigravity/time reversal theories of modern nutters) and say that this means "They laughed at Tesla, they laugh at me!"
BTW, I was/am an early ("angel") investor in a company doing work on ultrawideband transmissions. Some of the works Bearden cites, like those of Barrett, are familiar to me and others with this company. Saying that there is a role for ultrawideband pulse technology, a la spread spectrum and beyond SS, is NOT the same as saying there are confirmed "problems" with electromagnetic theory. There may be, and there are a handful of folks doing "foundational" work in E&M, but, so far, there are no indications that their foundational work is changing any engineering calculations. Quite the contrary, in my view. Electromagnetic theory basically "works"--to many decimal places of accuracy. Circuits work as expected, antennas work as expected, and there are no "unexplained observations" (as usually exist before a new theory arrives). There may be some _semantic_ issues, e.g., does a square wave or impulse "really" have components that were sent out _before_ the square wave or impulse? (A Fourier decomposition of a square wave starting at time t = 0 has "sine wave components" spread out over time and adding up in such a way as to give the square wave, or the impulse, or any other signal. Some think this means deep and mysterious things are happening, something having to do with time travel and reversing the aging process, blah blah Henning Harmuth may write fairly eloquently about the "dogma of the circle" and how  the Fourier decomposition of a signal into (allegedly) a near-infinite series of sine waves is "not real," but for all intents and purposes it all works. And the "new physics" people like Bearden go way beyond what Harmuth and Barrett are talking about: they bring in "curved space-time" and gravitation and antigravity and the ultra-weird notion that aging can be reversed by "pumping the conjugate time-axis of the Minkowski manifold" (OK, I made this up...don't have time to lift one of Bearden's direct quotes...and this will help train me in the jargon if I ever become a "new physicist.").
Nut cases like Bearden have the patter of physics down. Very few actual physicists waste their time dissecting and refuting Bearden for obvious I urge readers of this list not to waste time on this stuff.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-15 23:22:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [OT] Anthrax protocol issued. 
Are you claiming that the reason the media have been hit by these anthrax attacks is because most of them are coke whores?
I draw the line on the mirror at that.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-20 17:17:31
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
As Declan says, and as many of us have said, there are _abundant_ reasons to try to stick to 7-bit ASCII on mailing lists and on Usenet. It's not surprising to me that it is Karsten M. Self, whom I had to killfile, is quoted above in this issue. He was always complaining that posts should be "formatted for legibility," via his nags and reposts, but then he has MIME encrustations on his posts.
As for the "degrees" issue, confusion about the symbol was one of the reasons the scientific community abandoned use of the symbol at least 30 years ago. 212 F and 100 C are the accepted ways of reporting temperature...the degree symbol was redundant anyway and led to typesetting problems.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-10-17 20:59:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
Of the 600+ being held without charges, bail, lawyers, etc., wanna bet that about 500+ of them will never be charged, never give any useful information? This was a "panic sweep," a "round up all the suspects" case, a shotgun blast of arresting anyone with any imagined, guessed, or coincidence in names connection with the likely attackers (and since many of those in the 4 planes were believed to be using stolen passports, even the coincidence in names is even more coincidental).
Anyway, as Declan says, this is being covered in newspaper stories. (No coverage that I've seen in a hundreds of hours of coverage on CNN, MSNBC, Fox, ABC, CBS, or NBC. None. Just vague mentions of "several hundred detainees.")
The issue is not "coddling the terrorists," the issue is the expansion over decades of police powers to the point where "speedy trial" and "jury of peers" and "due process" means nothing.
I expect King George would have loved to have these kinds of police powers: if Patrick Henry is causing troubles in the colonies, but no grounds for arresting him can be found, just arrest him and hold him indefinitely as a "material witness." And don't "coddle" him! That'll take care of the uppity colonists and their quaint talk about liberty.
And King George _really_ would have been thrilled to have the Nazi-like powers to put a hundred thousand persons of some ethnic background into concentration camps!
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-10-16 03:16:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
Get a clue. The issue is not "get to see Mommy."
Rather, the issue is the holding of 600+ various persons, some of whom are very vaguely claimed to be "material witnesses."
An abuse of the Constitution. And I hope some large fraction of those 600, when they are ultimately released because there are no grounds for indefinately imprisoning them, take up flight training.
-Tim Ma

@_date: 2001-10-16 01:16:39
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
The Constitution applies at _all_ times. It is not something that is only for nice, calm situations.
The Bill of Rights does not say that the various parts of the Bill of Rights are suspendable when someone decides there is some reason to. This means the USA Bill, with its suspension of big chunks of the Fourth Amendment, is ipso facto unconstitutional.
My belief is that every Congresscritter who voted to pass this USA Bill should be tried and executed.
As for the 600 "Arabic-looking" men (maybe a few women, I don't know) being held without charges being filed in a timely way, I'll chortle if even 10 of them become vengeance-seekers in the next 10 years.
Someone held unjustly, without charges being filed, is morally obliged to kill his oppressors.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-16 01:02:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
People who think like "Anonymous" above should ask themselves a simple "What would you think if _you_ were seized in a pre-dawn raid, held without charges, never allowed to confront evidence, not allowed to contact the attorney of your choice, cut off from communications with your family and friends, and held in jail for several weeks or more?"
I know I'd be out for blood, McVeigh-style.
My rough figure of merit is that for every _day_ that I am held unjustly, a member of the forces which held me must die.
If this means killing an office building of them for unjustly holding me for 30 days, so be it.
(Of course, I'd attempt to be more clever about it. But the morality of it is as I stated.)
As for "Anonymous," he's probably just another one of the "Anonymity should be banned" crowd, like the cretins at "Reason," the "Wall Street Journal," and so on. Funny how the most rabid statists often hide behind the very tools they want banned.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-10-16 02:24:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Cauterizing the Cancer Centered in Washington, D.C. 
Watching the "cyber liberties" and "libertarian" crowd fall all over themselves to urge suspending basic liberties, I'd say there is zero chance the Supreme Court will overturn this or the other steamrollering pieces of repressive legislation.
All of the major networks are reporting polls on "How many civil liberties are you willing to give up in order to assure safety?" The worst of majoritarian rule, as the numbers show that about 80% of the sheeple favor giving up First Amendment rights, Fourth Amendment, Sixth Amendment, and other core rights. (The one odd reversal seems to be the trend on the Second...apparently women and other liberals are buying guns in record numbers.)
My view toward all of these "public surveys" is simple:
"You are quite welcome to vote to give up _your_ civil rights. But try restricting my access to crypto, my ability to defend myself, my requirement that evidence be presented against me in a timely fashion, and so on, and you've forfeited your life."
I listened last night to some of the "Wall Street Journal" editorial staff opining on CNN that "there may be a constitutional right to privacy, but there is no constitutional right to anonymity."
Wrong on both counts. There is no "right to privacy" in the Constitution. But if there is a requirement that government not enter homes or look through papers without legal process, which is what I think of as a "right to privacy," then the issue about a putative "right to anonymity" comes in as follows:
"Can government insist that people only communicate with others when they know the identity of their communicants and vice versa?"
The answer is that the Constitution says government may not interfere in this kind of speech.
This means I don't need permission to communicate with "Anon E. Moose" and he or she doesn't need permission from the government to communicate with _me).
Thus arises the "right to anonymity," from the lack of any power granted by the Constitution for the government to say whom may speak to whom.
And yet the WSJ, Reason, and all of the Usual Suspects are racing to re-interpret the Constitution to allow the suspension of habeas corpus (production of evidence in a timely, e.g., short, period), the revocation of the Fourth (medical, financial, other records seizable without proper warrants), the Sixth (speedy trial, etc.), and probably a bunch of other things.
Hell, at this rate we may see quartering of troops! ("If it is deemed important enough, the Homeland Security Directorate may deem certain houses to be used for accommodation of Geheimstaatspolizei Troops, er, the National Guard.").
Never has Ben Franklin's dire warning been more apropos. This challenge is comparable to the challenge faced when the First Fascist suppressed the Southern States, except more so in many ways...because the technological powers of control are ever so much greater today than they were in the America of the 1860s.
Cauterizing the entire Washington, D.C. area might slow them down, --Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-16 03:36:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Kill Killfile 
John Young's sudden squeamishness about What Needs to be Done He rants about CIA plots, he lists USG atrocities on his Cryptome site (kudos), he talks about the need for justice, but then he pulls back when someone points out the obvious implications of recent events. Kind of like a steak lover realizing belatedly that his food comes from the killing of cattle.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-10-16 04:05:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Canada slaughters civil rights 
Not just this, but they did it with an unacceptable amount of warning.
(Seven days, versus the past couple of years of obvious trends. It doesn't take much neural processing to see that their sudden re-focussing on some bullshit product like "cookie management" is a response to the new climate of fear.)
I'm surprised there has been little discussion (any discussion?) of the NAI decision this past week to lay off 250 of the 300 PGP employees (*) and to either sell the division to someone or abandon it completely.
(* As with ZKS and their couple of hundred employees, just how are 300 PGP employees justified? As the comments on Slashdot point out, just how the hell does a product which has been evolving _very_ slowly conceivably justify 250-300 employees? DilbertWorld, obviously.)
Which, by the way, is _precisely_ the scenario I presented to Austin and Hammie in the late fall of 1998 when we met in Menlo Park. What are you going to do, I asked, when the RCMP says that a terrorist has hijacked the Queen's plane and ZKS is being ordered to reveal the mapping of identities? Can't do it, you say? Fine, then you're out of business as of right now.
The notion of a central service, located in a known location and subject to some nation's laws, is ludicrous.
ZKS founders said that they Canada was a "crypto haven" compared to the U.S., indicating deep confusion about just what it was Canada was more liberal about (export laws) and what it was Canada was more repressive about (nearly everything else). Most importantly of all, Canada is a second cousin to the U.S. and does what it is told to do, with no constitutional niceties.
So, NAI is abandoning PGP (no great loss, actually), ZKS is abandoning Freedom (ditto), and some crypto luminaries are falling all over themselves to support police state measures.
And, ironically, it won't make us one whit safer.
Ben was right.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:50:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Martial law supposedly implemented in the US 
The "rush to statism" that some authors at Reason, The Wall Street Journal, Wired, and all of the other Usual Suspects have engaged in should not be forgotten.
What happened in New York City was horrible for the targets, but so are a lot of things. Suspending civil liberties, as tens of millions of Americans are clamoring to have done, is despicable.
"I want to show that I am a patriot. I vote that we allow our police to enter our homes whenever they want to look through our diaries and letters...I have nothing to hide!"
This is turning out to be a useful exercise. When it is over, sort of, we will know better who our enemies are.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-16 23:34:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Martial law supposedly implemented in the US 
Agreed, not martial law.
However, America operates on the ratchet principle: the tightening of liberties _always_ proceeds in the forward direction. Each new crisis, each new emergency order, each new federal agency, each new law...everything cranks the ratchet wheel toward less liberty.
And even our supposed "voices of reason," like "Reason," cough, cough, are publishing crap about how untappable conversation is "scary." The "Wall Street Journal" has Dorothy Rabinowitz and that pansy Indian guy calling for "national ID cards."
The issue of whether these measures will make us "safe" is neither interesting nor germane. The Constitution used to be clear on issues like habeas corpus, fourth amendment protections, and the inability of the government to tell us how we can communicate. No longer.
As Pravda said, the U.S. is (effectively) under martial law. It's just that our colonels and generals are politicians in D.C. Notice how "states rights" has vanished as an issue? Someone finds white talcum powder and the FBI and FEMA are called in. Everything is being And former libertarians, in name, are now leading the charge toward statism. I say we kill them all.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-16 20:08:40
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: ChefPunks 
Different strokes. I use mine a fair amount.
It's a Kuhn-Rikon, recent generation, lots of safety features.
Cuts cooking time for some items by a factor of several--beans, for Thoroughly cooks things like chicken and pork while keeping them juicy.
There are less expensive models from Mirro and others.
Yard sale machines are likely to be the very old, 1950s-60s generation that our mothers used (or your grandmothers, for the kids here).
Available in any kitchen store.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-16 22:10:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Internation Patent Law doesn't apply to USG? 
What else would anyone expect?
The U.S. is a kleptocracy, a shakedown state. It operates by stealing money from citizen-units and then giving that money to welfare breeders and layabouts and corrupt contractors. Basket-case economies like Israel get $5000 million a year, with Egypt getting the same amount as a bribe.
As for the grab of Bayer's property, what can Germany do about it?
However, it looks like Bayer is getting the message from this threat to simply steal Cipro: they have committed to supplying enough Cipro to Our Federal Government to treat 10 million sheeple.
(Why isn't this a matter for individuals to arrange for themselves, through some form of insurance? Because Hillary is getting her fondest wish: socialized medicine, via a State of Emergency.)
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-17 17:55:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems 
I've never understood why this is not recognized by the courts as an ipso facto violation of the First Amendment.
Letters are speech, and e-mail is a letter. (There is no confusing stuff about "use of the public airwaves" as there is with radio and television, the putative reason for FCC regulation of radio and Requiring that a letter be in a certain form, or written in a particular language, would be a violation of the First Amendment.
Why is electronic communication any different?
It isn't.
It may be that Carnivore just has not been challenged properly in the courts. Sad that it may take such an expensive challenge, with years and years of watiing, and with an uncertain outcome (due to the ignoring of the C. by the Supremes).
Kapor is just another Cathy Young, just another fellow traveller supporting the total state.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-17 18:00:43
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: More coverage of Larry Ellison's fascism 
Ellison rushed into this scam for selling more Oracle data bases (*) without much thought.
Mandatory for some means mandatory for all, else the "some" will simply claim they are part of the group not required to carry cards. Obviously.
(* Ellison says he will "give away the software," but he doesn't say to whom, or how agencies required to interact with the software will get their copies, or who will do the maintenance, etc. He is obviously looking for Oracle to give away some free copies but then be the Official Supplier to Big Brother. State capitalism in its most obvious "You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-10-18 07:47:53
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detainees, Personal Libertarianism, and Vengeance 
Both of you are using my comments out of context, Nomen much more so.
I threatened no reporter, despite what Nomen says above.
I phrased it as "you can always tell them...." This is a standard hypothetical. The complete quote is below:
You can always tell them that if they willfully and substantively misquote you, you will visit their home, wait until they are are away, kill their wife and children, wait until they return home, force them to the floor at gunpoint, put tape around their mouth and nylon tie wraps around their hands, let them see what has been done to their family, let them think about it for 10 minutes, then put tape over their nose and wait for them to suffocate.
The danger is in telling them. It may be best to not tell them, but then to carry out punishment some appropriate time later.
However, I continue to be amused that Sandy, Seth, John, and poor Nomen are all predicting that I'm about to be arrested.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-10-17 20:02:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Detainees, Personal Libertarianism, and Vengeance 
As the title says, I'll be talking about a couple of different issues. I've been meaning to write an essay on personal libertarianism for a while now, but haven't until now worked up the energy. (The fact that so many of the Cypherpunks list subscribers are weirdos posting crap from Hushmail and other throwaway accounts is also a factor. Perl before swine, in a sense.)
Comments below are hastily typed. Don't expect a polished essay. Those who get the gist will get it without the polish.
And reading about this and similar "material witness" cases, we see cases where a bunch of Chinese alleged boat refugees were held as material witnesses, but were moved on judge's orders to "relatively pleasant" holding areas. The judge acknowledged that the detainees were not to be "punished" by holding them in 19th-century dungeons. By contrast, the several hundred "A-Rabs" have been held now for about 3-5 weeks in "Tombs"-like dungeon cells, with no reading material (*), no access to families, no phone calls allowed, and, as Duncan points out, moved around to other similarly crummy cells. They are also awoken every 2 hours for a roll call, lights kept on 24/7, the usual treatment that is really torture.
(* Giving them a copy of the Koran is the only exception...what rocket scientist figured this one out?)
But I want to raise a different issue here.
I've seen several posters comment about the "5000-degree meatgrinder" and about how "the terrorists did not respect _our_ rights, so why should we respect _theirs_?"
This misses the point completely. The issue is not about some liberal coddling of criminals and terrorists. The issue is not even about _their_ rights. The issue is about _my_ rights. And about the police state we are now quickly expanding.
To understand this issue, it is helpful to think this way:
"How would _you_ react if _you_ were picked up by the cops, not presented with any charges, not allowed to call a lawyer of your choosing, not allowed to contact family or friends or make arrangements for rent payments and the like, and simply held in a maximum security cell for 5 weeks?"  (My view, expressed earlier, is that I would seek vengeance. I would seek ways to kill the guards, the judges, the cops, the bureaucrats, everyone involved in my "kidnapping.")
"How would _you_ react if you were taken from your land and sent to a concentration camp in Nevada because your grandmother was of a particular ethnic group? No due process, no court appearance, no appeal...just seizure of your property and transport to a KZ."  (I'm surprised the Japanese-ancestry persons, hundreds of thousands of them, were so meek. I'm surprised that thousands of former guards and judges and processing officials were not assassinated during the 1950s as payback. The Nuremberg case established, cough cough, that "just following orders" is not a defense. Every single one of the guards and officials at Manzanar deserved to be killed for his crimes. Even by killing a dozen of the guards, and judges, something would have been "How would _you_ react if black-clad ninja raiders threw flash-bangs into your home in a pre-dawn raid, entered your home, and shot and killed anything that showed signs of movement? And only later showed you a search warrant?"  (Again, my view: Those who survive should kill the judges who ordered such a raid without a warrant being properly presented, and all of the cops should be killed. If it is necessary to kill 50 persons, so be it. Of course, doing it safely and undetectably is a challenge. But technology is coming to allow some semblance of this kind of justice.)
And so on.
For the past 35 years of my politically awake life, I have found it very clarifying to think of _all_ proposed or existing laws in terms of how it could apply to _me_. Seen this way, I have no problems supporting laws against murder, burglary, or other such crimes. But I look with deep suspicion on any laws which are designed to be "social engineering" or to accomplish "desirable outcomes."
P.J. O'Rourke puts it this way:  "Would you kill your grandmother over this law?"  Valid laws are ones you would even support the punishment of your own grandmother over. Most current laws are not like this, because most people think the laws will be applied to other people, to "hate speakers" and to "smokers" and to "stinking Arabs." (Read his books for a fuller exposition.)
Here's a very specific example: Laws requiring key escrow or backdoors. The "social engineer"  evaluates these laws and proposals in terms of benefits to society, costs of law enforcement, tradeoffs between individual liberties and social good, etc. But to the personal libertarian, like me, the evaluation is this:
"Let me get this straight. You're saying that if I keep a diary, I need to "escrow" a copy with the local police, with supposedly "mandated safeguards" so that my diary will only be looked at with "suitable court orders"? Well, fuck that. And fuck you, too. I'll write as I wish. You fucking snakes."
This "personal" view of liberties happens to be very much what the Founders intended. And it motivate the sub-branch of libertarianism I call "vengeance libertarianism."
As it applies to the current suspension of habeas corpus (effectively) and to the proposals (PATRIOT, USA, etc.) to suspend more civil liberties, the issue is NOT whether we are coddling the terrorists or excusing criminal behavior.
The issue is the power we are letting the thugs have.
A government which has the power to deport people (citizens, even) to concentration camps, to raid houses without proper presentation of search warrants, to order all mail searched and scanned without warrant, to ban writing in forms the surveillance agencies cannot read, to hold several hundred A-Rabs without charges and without plausible evidence that they know anything significant, that government is totalitarian. Plain and simple, it is totalitarian.
To repeat, the "personal libertarian" looks at _all_ laws in terms of what enforcement could mean to _him_.
And he always thinks in terms of vengeance.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-19 07:12:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: FBI anthrax posters. 
It may be that justice delivered to Amerika results in their being fewer than 3000 survivors 50 years hence. I don't see them collecting old regime posters.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:27:00
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
This is one of the problems with the whole "Economics" prize. There's not even a prize in _mathematics_, fer chrissake, so why one in _economics_? Alfred Nobel certainly did not endow an economics prize. (The econ prize gets its money from some other source.)
The Econ prize was only established in the 70s, and now the prize committee is reaching down deeper into the ranks.
Maybe it's time for them to admit that creating the prize was a political move in the first place and it should now be retired, or cut back to a prize only when it is really warranted.
Most chip and computer engineers are not unionized (the union meaning, not the plasma meaning). This works well.
Some engineers have formed professional societies. These are _nominally_ to "ensure professional standards." But critics point to their role as a rate-limiting, rent-seeking group. Doctors and lawyers, most notably, use professional societies as unions.
The blue-collar worker also has a fair amount of "bargaining power." He is paid less, usually, but his relative value to the employer is what he is paid. A machine tool worker may not have much power to "demand more money," but neither does an engineer, or even a security expert!
The traditional labor union threatens mass action, typically a strike or walkout or slowdown. The usual theory is that this protects them from retaliation because a plant would have to fire _all_ striking workers, with dire consequences for them.
This is false, as factories can and do move to other states, other (The U.S. was a low-wage haven compared to England, in textiles. It also "stole" the intellectual property of the mills in England. Ironically, the same southern states (Georgia, South Carolina, etc.) that complain so viciously about the Asian and Mexican factories were _themselves_ beneficiaries of the move of factories from New England mill towns to their states. Largely to escape unions and reduce labor costs. Irony squared and cubed.)
I put it even more strongly, of course.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-10-22 15:44:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
"Sure, unions are good" is not at all obvious to me. Why do you claim Most labor unions are simply rent-seeking clubs designed to cement the status quo. Teacher's unions in the U.S. are a prime example: once the union got powerful enough, it fought for a tenure-type system which made it nearly impossible to remove those who taught poorly and to reward those who taught especially well.
I've never belonged to a labor union of any kind, and they are essentially absent from the chip and computer industries.
 From what I have seen, labor unions are a collectivist evil.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-10-22 05:05:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
We should "close down" the horrible sweatshops in Asia, India, South America, and other hellholes. (Africa is not counted because they are below sweat shop standards.)
We will then see what 2.6 billion people have to eat.
Things will be less crowded in Asia and South America, that's for sure.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-10-20 21:14:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Retribution not enough 
Talking about "low wage sweat shop jobs" indicates profound confusion on your part.
Sorry to be so blunt, but this is the way it is. Henry Hazlitt wrote a good book on basic economics.
I doubt I can convince you in a few paragraphs, but consider some miscellaneous points, which are all closely related:
* "Low wage" compared to _what_?
* Comparing the wages to U.S. wages is not meaningful, for many reasons.
* To those getting paid $300 an hour, most jobs in the U.S. are "low wage sweat shops." Perhaps the U.N. can attempt to force U.S. average wages to be raised?
* If the labor is being "exploited" by being paid "too little," this is an excellent opportunity for an efficient producer to enter the market and offer more. Henry Ford did this with car production early in the 20th century, Intel is doing it now with factories in Malaysia, Costa Rica, and mainlaind China. More "globalization" explotin' da peeples, I --Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-10-23 02:01:31
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
America's Jews who are in politics are the new "trustys" (or is it They are like the Jews who helped load the furnaces with other Jews. They hoped for better treatment by the camp managers. Often they were sent to the furnaces when their usefulness was over...with new trustys doing the dirty work.
Something in the Jew makes him a sucker for following orders.
Feinstein, Schumer, Lieberman, all of the despicable Jews pushing police state measures...they hope that if they lick Big Brother's boot they'll be safe.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-10-21 02:32:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
Much like the "strict" law limiting what SS cards could be used for:
"For Social Security and tax purposes only. Not for identification."
(Or very similar to this. It's printed on my 1969 SS card, which I still I've had government agencies demand my SS number. One time I showed the clerk my card, with my SS number covered by my thumb. She just gave me her government employee blank look and said she would not be able to complete my paperwork without my SS number.
Such will it be with Larry Ellison's Oraclecard. I just hope that, being Jewish, he gets picked up for extermination early on.
It's often the fucking Jews--Feinstein, Feingold, Lieberman, Ellison--who slavishly imitate the Nazis. How ironic to see Larry Ellison pushing the "Papers, please, macht schnell!" Orwellian nightmare.
And it will be "voluntary" only for the first couple of years (when the focus is on the schwarzes). Every store will use it (those which don't, like political bookstores and gun stores, will be classified as s.1510 terrorist-facilitating businesses).
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2001-10-20 22:37:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Assault Donuts 
"WASHINGTON (Routers News Service) Because of false alarms involving the confectioner's sugar on powdered donuts, sale of so-called "assault donuts" will henceforth be restricted to law enforcement officers. "Cops have always been the largest consumers of donuts, this just makes them the _only_ legal purchaser of this particular kind of donut," said Department of Donuts spokesman Ring Annulus."
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2001-10-21 04:29:26
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Read a book and get banned from an airline.... 
Try to keep up, will you.
We discussed this exact article and event in a dozen posts a few days --Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:34:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another 
Looks like the "toast" and "goner" comments are right on...as expected.
I've been watching a press conference of D.C. politicos, mayor and company, on CNN. Looks like several inhalational anthrax cases confirmed, and *two deaths* of postal workers over the weekend with "suspicious" symptoms and test results.
(Don't know if one of them is the postal worker already diagnosed with inhalational anthrax since last Friday...it's possible this is one of the people. Sounds like the two deaths were of others, though, with anthrax only being suspected post mortem.)
Expect more chaos, then.
And more police state measures.
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2001-10-22 06:41:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another 
No, this is not the difference.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-10-22 03:30:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another 
I saw the Sturgeon General explaining that "we now have better treatment I thought he might have been right, inasmuch as we had heard that Victim  in Florida, was mending nicely from inhalation anthrax. Ah, but it now looks like  was not a real case of inhalational anthrax.
(I don't count the half dozen subcutaneous cases, or any of the "one spore was picked up on a swab" cases.)
It looks like this Maryland case is a real Case  If he survives, it'll mean the Sturgeon General was right to say we now can handle anthrax. But I expect he's a goner.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-10-23 03:50:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
Yes, but this is one of those manufactured, utterly implausible situations. I cannot think of a single instance where a suspect had this kind of knowledge, with this kind of stakes, and with this kind of "next three hours" timetable. Even relaxing each item by a factor of 10...I can't think of any such examples.
However, I _can_ think of cases where cops believed a suspect knew the location of a kidnapped child, even someone buried alive a la some of the famous kidnaps of the past. Should torture be used in cases like this? The Israelis routinely torture suspects, as news articles over the past dozen years have reported (confirmed by Israeli intelligence on "60 Minutes"). Of course, this might have something to do with their upcoming problems.
Given that the scenario Declan describes is unlikely, how might torture or drugs be used? To go after organized crime, obviously. And drug dealers. And money launderers. And pedophiles.
"But if it helps to catch just one terrorist!"
If the U.S. abandons the standard that no person shall be compelled to be a witness against himself--something the "truth serum" drugging option would of course imply just as surely as torture would--the end times will be upon us.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-22 04:58:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Has Steve Schear earned killing? Verdict is out. 
"Any employee of our Company is free to "organize."  That day wlll be his last day. Good luck, and fuck you!"
Free people are free to fire those who form communal organizations. Anyone who disagrees with this point has earned killing.
Choose wisely, Steve Schear.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2001-10-22 05:26:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Karsten M. Self shows himself to be clueless, again 
Jesus fucking Christ, if you're going to subject us to all of your PGP, GPG, GnuPG1.0.6 crud, at least get your fucking password straight, you fucking moron.
"gpg: Invalid passphrase: please try again..."
Fucking creep. Where's that sniper rifle, Bob?
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2001-10-23 06:23:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
The virii are typically executables for x86/Windows machines, not Macs. You said you were using a Mac, so why do you think IE for the Mac exposes you to virii?
Religious nonsense. I tend to avoid MS products because I can get good alternatives for very little money, but few would call Microsoft Office "third rate." I've seen the version for OS X and it looks very good. Maybe "1.5" rate, but not second rate and surely not third rate.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-10-23 01:52:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
Does _what_?
It would help if you gave an example of what you're talking about.
You must be the only remaining user of NS (for either the Mac or Windows). Everyone I know gave up on NS 5 and moved on to IE. It's not perfect, but it's not buggy like "AOLscape" is.
IE 5.1 is pretty good on OS X, as is OmniWeb.
--Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-10-24 17:32:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: USPS:  glowing by leaps and bounds 
Nothing. Magnetic oxides and metallic thin films are not affected by mere few tens of kilorads, or even by megarads.
Ionizing radiation has no particular first order effect on such films.
There is much more I can write here, but won't.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-10-23 23:31:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
You are astoundingly misinformed, or are just plain lazy.
One minute spent searching on "anthrax ames" will disabuse the clueful of the mistakes made above.
The Ames strain is _not_ "militarized anthrax."
Get a fucking clue.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-10-24 19:14:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Market Competition for Security Measures 
I didn't "dismiss" it. In fact, I wrote more about this issue, which I haven't seen brought up by anyone else here, than 95% of all posts to Cypherpunks have in their entire amount of original material!
I never claimed that a stable end-state is that of some airlines have "no security procedures." Such was not the case before 911, so it is even less likely today.
I don't know what the evolution will look like. The ecology of the security measures will probably, if allowed to by regulators, have a few hyper-conscious players like El Al, a few cattle car playes like People Express, and a bunch of players in between.
I was not "dismissing" this issue of collateral damage, of tort damage. I said Friedman explores such things in great detail.
However, the current system does not allow the positive effects I described. Any airline in the U.S. (or many other countries) which attempted some obvious security measures would face lawsuits by "discriminated against" customers.
This is a more pressing problem than some extremely unlikely scenario wherein some carrier adopted a "no security procedures" policy.
You are making my point, not arguing against it. I never claimed that a spectrum of security measures would be a stable, or even a short-term, May's Law: The longer the essay, the more complaints there are that it was not detailed enough.
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:17:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Market Competition for Security Measures 
That's the sea the fish swim in...so pervasive that no one needs reminding of it.
I am arguing for increased privatization, through simple measures.
I don't support this government role.
By the way, there are reports (maybe reposted here) that some hotel chains are "cooperating" in programs to link their data bases of hotel reservations with airline reservations with government files. So that "Joe Businessman" has booked a room at the San Francisco Hyatt Regency, Hyatt will link to his flight. Links to his company are next. The argument will be that this allows taking him off the list of suspects to We are headed toward a fully-credentialized society. No doubt with European-type laws requiring identification for all hotel check-ins. (I've been forced to show my driver's license at hotels for the past dozen years or so. "Cash" has been discouraged, though it's not illegal, yet, for hotels and motels to take cash and no I.D. It likely soon will You are welcome to look for a carrier that operates this way, in my But if Tim's Airline wants your fingerprints and retinal scans and a hefty security bond, you are free to find another carrier.
I don't disagree with your "wants," but the trends are not in our favor.
Privatizing security at least gets market forces back into the equation, which they've been out of for far too long.
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-10-24 16:56:26
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Market Competition for Security Measures 
This debate is one of my favorites: security and the role of market forces. I regret not having the time/energy to tighten and polish this essay below. Some paragraphs are almost note-like. If you can handle John Young, you can handle this.
A debate near and dear to my heart. City vs. suburb, armor vs. dispersion. Closely related to issues discussed often in the "survivalist" invisible college, during war scares, Y2K, and the current situation. Some of us have taken responsibility for our own security by living in less-likely, more defensible targets. Others live in crowded areas, but have private security arrangements. Gate burb-claves, high security condominiums, etc. Privately arranged, not ordered by Big Cf. "Schelling points for terrorism" (key words, if not exact title), an item I wrote a few years ago about which targets are more likely to be hit than others. Clearly there are some places more likely for attacks than other places. And there are places downwind from nuclear reactors, downstream from dams, downherd from rampaging looters, and so on.
Federalizing or socializing the costs of security is like federalizing or socializing flood insurance: it takes the efficiencies of the market away and creates distortions.
What is being missed in all of the "rush to a security state" debate is the role of _private security arrangements_. Some examples, with a focus here on airport and airplane security:
* one size does _not_ fit all. Not all passengers are equally likely to be security risks. This is common sense, but the civil libertarians call it "racial profiling." True civil libertarians know that owners of property (e.g. United Airlines) are free to implement security procedures as they see fit. If ABX Airlines wants to implement full body searches of passengers and XYZ Airlines wants to implement no security at all, to first order this should be a market decision.
(There are interesting issues of "danger to others." Friedman the Younger covers this in his recent book on economics. "Law's Order." To wit, XYZ Airlines, with no security procedures, might be denied use of various airports, etc. A standard tort issue. The outcome is not precisely known, but a move toward "market competition for security measures" would flesh out many of these issues and outcomes.)
* travel associations, with members vetted by other members, even with security bonds. Think "web of trust," but much more formalized. A "know your passenger" scheme that has no government involvement, no coercion. Those who are not "vetted" (with biometric/unforgeable credentials) are free to wait in the cattle lines with the other cattle before boarding the jets operated by private players.
(Yes, this involves prying into private lives and habits, but no more so than corporations tend to do. For example, a 3-year employee of Cybergistics is "known" to many in his company. His basic interests and hobbies are known. More importantly, his coworkers and managers have a pretty good idea if he's a whacko, or a recently-arrived student from the Sudan who quotes the Koran. This company can "vouch" for one of its employees flying.)
* Private security screening. Just as there are multiple airlines, in a free society, why not multiple screening companies? (No carrier would be "required" to accept the work product of a screening company, naturally. All a matter of market negotiations.) Some security screening would be done with the aforementioned "vouching." Some might be cases where customers pay several bucks a head to pass through various sniffers.
Again, those who don't have arrangements with either vouchsafing entities or screening entities at the terminal can stand in the 2-hour "public" line. Akin in many ways to health care, with those having no other arrangments going to the public hospitals (not that I endorse taxpayer-subsidized public hospitals).
* Close tie-ins with insurance. After all, the nature of insurance is _betting_. And it's a much better bet that a middle-aged white professor from Kansas is less likely to be a hijacker or bomber than someone like a 22-year-old immigrant from Pakistan with no career, no known associates who will vouch for him, etc. What would the "premiums" be for each of these potential travellers, and what screening steps would their respective insurance companies require?
* Increased use of private charters, which already have their own security arrangements. Again, with vouching. (Some corporate travel systems already use privately-owned jets, with pickup from passenger homes. One of my neighbors works with the leading such company: luxurious jets, very fast passenger loading times, private security arrangements. They _know_ their customers, through vouching and past travel, and they don't have to have corporate travellers arriving
"two hours early" for some bullshit inspection for fingernail clippers and copies of "Hayduke Lives!")
* Part of the market competition is also the security policy on the airplane itself. Some companies will have titanium/Kevlar doors to the cockpit, some will have the typical aluminum foil/balsa wood consructions. Passengers will vote with their feet and pocketbooks, as it should be. Security will be driven by market forces, not by top-down, one size fits all, central planning.
The basic point is to have the costs of security, of assurance, of insurance, *privatized*. Not for religious reasons of private vs. public funding, but to get the richness and flexibility that privatized, incentive-driven, risk-sensitive private markets provide.
The similarity with Stephenson's "burb-claves" and with already-common private security firms is obvious. Even similarities with the Mafia.
This idea is easy to implement, too. For example, let El Al begin flying within the continental U.S. Let them apply _their_ standards. Passengers can vote with their feet and their pocketbooks on whether they'll fly United or El Al.
And let _all_ carriers compete on the basis of their security policies. Many of them already have their own terminals at major airports, so they can in principle easily implement their own screening policies, their own vouching policies.
Lots more ideas come to mind, and are fairly easy to implement. The key is to get away from the "one size fits all."
Liberty-fearing people like Reason's Cathy Young can sign up for her own security policies: no "scary" free speech, no plastic knives, no fingernail clippers, no "Hayduke Lives!" novels allowed.
Sounds fair to me. Libertarians should be pushing the market approach to --Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-10-24 19:24:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Schelling points and political isolationism 
Many excellent points...
And my meta-Schelling point was actually that the concept of a Schelling point is itself a Schelling point: many people, even animals, come to the independent conclusion that figuring out where the Schelling points are is a good survival strategy. (Or something like this....you get the Free societies operate mainly on the basis of local, mutually agreed-upon transactions. Organized crime usually pops up when some bunch of distant thugs sets up rules which distort these mutually agreed-upon transactions. The rise of the Mob during Prohibititon is a perfect example, oft-discussed. The rise of many crime units, including government crime operations, during the War on Some Drugs in the past 35 years is another perfect example.
Even the Gulf War is a good example of this. There is no reason to believe Saddam Hussein would have "cut off the oil." Just the opposite, in fact. There is every reason to believe that a mostly modern society like Iraq (as of 1990) would have had far more pressures to pump oil than a small clique of Bedouin thieves would have to do so.
Evidence is strong that Iraq would have flooded the markets with oil.
I'm not defending Saddam as a Good Guy, just saying vital national interests were not involved. By getting into these "foreign entanglements," things have gotten much worse.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-10-25 06:36:21
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: House chairman doesn't want "parochial" issues to stop 
"Frankly, even before 9/11 I thought privacy was, like, rilly, rilly scary and all! It scares me to think about what people are doing under the cloak of "privacy." So, like, I'm happy that our government is quickly passing laws taking back all those "privacy" things in that Constitution thing. Like, there are no civil liberties advocates in foxholes. -- Cathy Rilly Rilly Young, "Irrational Magazine"
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-10-26 17:53:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
I've seen you quote this several times.
Since it's a generality ("the literate") and not just a statement about your own personal view of prison, I dispute it. I'm literate, but prison would indeed be punishment for me. For all of the usual reasons.
Being thrown in a jail cell and having reading material is no substitute for liberty.
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-10-26 05:05:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: America is beyond salvation 
The United States Government supported the Chechen "freedom fighters" who blew up a couple of apartment building blocks in Moscow. Hundreds But this was not terrorism...this was freedom fighting.
Now that the U.S. has been hit so hard, the party line in the U.S.G. is shifting rapidly.
As for the USA/PATRIOT law, about to be signed into law tomorrow, Friday, October 25, with enforcement to "begin immediately," I am not too worried about roving wiretaps. That's just technological evolution of the standard old judge-approved wiretap.
No, what worries me a great deal is the all of the language about terrorist organizations and what happens to those who "provide support" for some claimed terrorist organization (including language about helping them to hide communicaitons, money transfers...sounds like anonymous remailers face civil forfeiture of their assets, plus imprisonment). There is even frightening language (available by grepping the text) about how the asset forfeitiures, arrests, detentions, etc. should not be done for ordinary first amendment practitioners!
(Language like: "provided that such investigation of a United States person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected bythe first amendment to the Constitution.'';")
My translation of this language: Anyone may be arrested, held without charges, etc., but a positive defense, provided one can hire Gerry Spence, may be that the activity was a 1A activity and hence the Homeland Defense Troopers really should not have kicked the doors in, killed the wife in bed because they saw movement, stomped the cat, and put the anon remailer operator in a dark cell for 15 weeks without any charges being filed or evidence produced...
The rest of the bill is filled with equally frightening stuff. Remember, folks, this stuff is not just directed at "Arabic-looking Middle Easterners with student visas." It applies to so-called right wing militias, to freedom fighters against unfair taxation, to gun dealers, even to those transporting their own fucking money! Someone carrying his own money faces forfeiture of the money and imprisonment, as if it were the King's money, not his! This grossly surpasses _anything_ the English masters did to the colonies. Far surpasses. Aspects of this have been the law for a long time, but this formalizes the issue that people cannot transport their own money around without the Crown deciding to seize their money. Fuck them dead. Fuck Washington. I pray for a massive enough attack to kill hundreds of thousands of these snakes in their den. Praise Osama, if this is what it takes.
The USA/PATRIOT bill was hastily put together, with most Congresscritters have essentially no idea of its implications for building a police state. The U.S. Congress wastes more than a year debating the impeachment issue over the Lewinsky affair, blah blah blah, then races to construct an American Reich with barely any discussion.
Disgusting. The nation is beyond salvation. America is preterite.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-10-26 04:52:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: America is beyond salvation 
The United States Government supported the Chechen "freedom fighters" who blew up a couple of apartment building blocks in Moscow. Hundreds But this was not terrorism...this was freedom fighting.
Now that the U.S. has been hit so hard, the party line in the U.S.G. is shifting rapidly.
As for the USA/PATRIOT law, about to be signed into law tomorrow, Friday, October 25, with enforcement to "begin immediately," I am not too worried about roving wiretaps. That's just technological evolution of the standard old judge-approved wiretap.
No, what worries me a great deal is the all of the language about terrorist organizations and what happens to those who "provide support" for some claimed terrorist organization. There is even frightening language (available by grepping the text) about how the asset forfeitiures, arrests, detentions, etc. should not be done for ordinary first amendment practitioners!
(Language like: "provided that such investigation of a United States person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected bythe first amendment to the Constitution.'';")
The USA/PATRIOT bill was hastily put together, with most Congresscritters have essentially no idea of its implications for building a police state. The U.S. Congress wastes more than a year debating the impeachment issue over the Lewinsky affair, blah blah blah, then races to construct an American Reich with barely any discussion.
Disgusting. The nation is beyond salvation. America is preterite.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-10-26 16:01:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Pravda Propaganda On The NRA, GOA and Militias 
Matt Gaylor has forwarded this article. My profound thanks to him. This is one of the most insightful articles I've seen on the real internal political situation in the U.S., the "red" vs. "blue" separation.
Truly ironic that it takes a "red" to understand the "reds" in the U.S.
(For those outside the U.S., a word of explanation. For some reason, political mappers showed votes for Al Gore in _blue_ and votes for Bush in _red_. I have no idea how this came to be...I had never noticed it until this past election. In fact, it was only in this past election that most of the commentators glommed on this "look at the red parts of the map versus the blue parts of the map" meme, so apparently a lot of us got exposed to this red vs. blue mapping only recently.)
While there's still a little bit of "propaganda" language in the article, it is generally a more incisive analysis of the developing trends in American politics than nearly all of what passes for analysis by American journalists.
I urge people to read the full article carefully. I'll only comment on a handful of paragraphs.
--Tim May
Amazing that a Russian publication (is it really Russian, or just reprinted by them?) gets this so right. Nearly all American journalists just babble about skinheads and survivalists when they talk about the militia movement.
Wow. It takes a Russian to call a spade a spade.
The SPLC is the most anti-liberty organization in the U.S. Words fail me in describing them.
This move to a police state took a big move forward this morning, October 26th.
No particular comment on this excerpt, but I include it to give a flavor of this guy's detailed understanding (he knows a lot more than I do about militia movements, that's for sure!).
Agreed. Too bad Bush is pushing the New World Order agenda, though I suppose it was thrust upon him by events. Al Gore certainly would have been even more internationalist.
An insightful summary.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-10-26 17:24:48
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The end of the Fourth Amendment 
Too many totalitarian surveillance state measures to comment on, but the "sneak and peek" provision is such a slam dunk violation of the Fourth Amendment that it bears special comment.
Anyone caught inside a house or office should be dealt with in the most expeditiious manner possible.
Anyone picked up on crittercam surveillance cameras, and identified by any means, should be dealt with later. The offices and judges who order such sneak and peek invasions shluld be dealt with as well.
All of those who passed this law have, in my political opinion, earned the death penalty,
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-10-31 19:07:21
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Osama bin Laden as SF fan 
A report on this "strange coincidence" is at Color me skeptical, though, as there is nothing particularly odd about "the foundation" being the name of a group. The U.S. media translation into "The Base" is just a variant of "The Foundation." One might as well say that the translation of "The Ford Foundation" into Arabic suggests Bin Laden is somehow connected with Ford..maybe this is why the Brimstone tires explode?
(Other etymological swirls: Foundation, founder, fund, base, basement,  grundlagen/ground, fundament (ass, too, as in "bottom")/fundamental, basis, basic, a base observation, etc.--all are related to the concept of "lowest level" or "basis" or "bottom"; the Indo-European words obviously come from a "basis" or "foundation" or "fundamental" (fund, fountain, etc.) in a mix of Proto-Indo-European roots. Arabic is a Semitic language, like Hebrew, and so "Qaeda" has no particular obvious connection to foundation/fundament/base.)
"Foundations of Something"  = "Grundlagen der...."  =  "Groundwork for ... =  "The Basics of ...."
Google shows that Turkish uses the words
for base/foundation, so the cognates amongst the Semitic languages are obvious. I checked for Hebrew cognates, but am not yet convinced the connection is obvious.
(I don't have the American Heritage Dictionary of Semitic Roots, or whatever it is called, though I do have the AHD of Indo-European roots, one of my favorite browsing sources.)
The Web has the AHD sources of IE words, but not (yet) the Semitic --Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:45:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: failure notice 
Resend effort.
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-11-29 17:48:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: It's just inevitable 
I save most of my rage for other fora (forums), but America's rapid move to a kind of police state has been faster than even most of us expected:
* warrants no longer needed to invade houses, tap phones, tap computer lines...only the say-so of a minor bureaucrat.
* "freezing of assets" (which I call a "taking," subject to due process) on the word of a government official, with no trial, no review
* unlimited detention without charges being filed, courtesy of abuse of the "material witness" process
* suspension of due process for "terrorists" (funny, how do they know someone is a terrorist until a trial has been held?)
* military tribunals for "terrorists" (ditto the above point)
* many cases of folks being stopped for "inappropriate praying" (Houston), "inappropriate reading material" ("Hayduke Lives!" novel), taking photos of dams (California tourists), etc.
Most of these police state measures were rushed into law, or declared to be an Executive Order, without any consideration of the constitutionality or the long-term implications.
These laws can and will be used after the 911/Afghanistan thing is over to suppress dissident groups, to arrest and hold people like Bell without charges being filed, and to wiretap and bug many more people.
Congress spent a year debating the "definition of what "is" is" and yet rushed through these Orwellian measures without serious debate. See the comments of Congressman Ron Paul in the .sig quote below.
Every Congressman who voted "Yea" on USA-PATRIOT deserves to be strung up from a lamp post.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2001-11-25 17:04:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Link between Masons and NSA revealed! 
Thanks! That's a very detailed and well-written article.
I was just skimming through a new book on the Masons; mostly I read about the period when cathedrals and castles were being built in Europe and the Masons operated as a union.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-11-22 02:09:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The United States of America vs. The Left Coast 
Much the same thing as when governors in the past (and legislatures) said that there laws about race-mixing took precedence over Yankee laws *requiring* race-mixing.
Namely, the troops were called in to assert the power of the Washingtonians over the states.
Ditto for troops enforcing school busing.
And in the New Regime of suspension of detention without trial, sneak and peak raids without warrants, torture (proposed by some Zionist shysters), and untrained-for-police-work soldiers waving M-16s at the proles, expect things to be much, much worse.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-11-22 00:59:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Fuck the U.S. Police State and the Tens of Millions who Police 
Alan Dershowitz is calling for torture only after at least at GS-12 in an accredited office building electronically authorizes the torture.
Tribunals for terrorists like us ("if they are terrorists, they have no rights") will be carried out in military bases around the nation.
Besides sedition, this is also treason.
P.S. Fuck this nation. Fuck it to death. It has long been a festering pool of democracy. Now it has discarded what remained of constitutional foundations. Kill it before it multiplies. By any means necessary.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-11-19 22:16:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Virtual Bhurkas ( was : Re: Nuclear Pipe Bombs ) 
Define "usual"? And explain why that matters.
We are discussing low-yield, non-optimized, basement nukes. Little Boy was a gun device, firing a wedge (of some fraction...) into the other piece (sphere minus wedge, other half, whatever).
I hate spending cycles on nuke design. See many books--Smythe Report, Ted Taylor's articles, The Progressive, etc.--on issues. The Little Boy design was publicized in the 40s.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-11-18 22:24:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Cookbooks and Pigs (Was Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device) 
After some street protests around then, the Santa Barbara Sheriff's Department ordered the UCSB Bookstore to remove copies of the book. This is what the various local papers and bookstore management reported at the time. (Rummaging in my memory, I'm not sure if the ban was in 1970, '71, or '72. I remember it was big local news when the local bookstores were allowed to resume selling the book, and I bought my copy in the summer of '73. Still have it, in fact.)
As in many cases of book banning, each new case requires an ACLU/etc. court battle. They ban a book, maybe the lawyers sue, probably the ban is lifted, but this doesn't stop the exact same thing from happening a year later or in another state. Were I a judge, I would say "What part of the First Amendment didn't you understand? I'm sentencing the Sheriff, his top 5 deputies, the City Manager, the Mayor, and the 7 members of the City Council who voted on this to a year in County Jail." Of course, this is not possible in America--other lawyers would jump in and claim the judge had exceeded his authorit and that mere violations of the First Amendment are not criminal matters. Which leaves suing the local government, but this is rarely effective (or even allowed) and the victims/taxpayers end up paying all of the costs. The bureaucrats and politicians just laugh.
(One reason I came to the "kill those who violate the Constitution willfully" point of view is seeing these deaths of a thousand cuts, where the Supreme Court could rule in one case that something is not constitutional and then have that exact same behavior repeated one county over. "So sue us!" is what the violators say, knowing there will be no sanctions against _them_, personally, and that the court costs will be paid for by the victims. While I wouldn't advocate killing those particular sheriffs who forced bookstores to remove that particular book, the principle is sound. And there are plenty of cases that do justify killing violators.)
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-11-14 00:38:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Soldiers Celebrate with executions 
Why is anyone surprised?
Isn't it what many in these united states are hoping for when the statist occupiers in Washington, D.C. are dealt with? Heads on pikes, gallows on the Mall, crematoria in Anacostia?
At least a hundred thousand Taliban will be liquidated in the coming --Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-11-08 16:57:14
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Greens: "freak out...use of such a radioactive instrument" 
...much GreenSpeak elided...
Earth to Greens: metal-detector wands are _not_ a "radioactive A 7th-grade understanding of physics is all that is needed to know this.
No wonder the Greens have such a backasswards view of so many things.
Heinlein's quote below is especially appropriate.
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-11-07 05:30:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: William Cooper, activist, killed in raid this morning on his 
Various reports are appearing on this, some from the Sierra Times, some at his Web site (
William Cooper was the radio talk show host/UFO nut/MJ-12 believer/anti-New World Order guy. Much more is available on various sites. (He was one of the first Usenet nutcases, er, "interesting people," I encountered when I began using the New extensively in 1988. MJ-12 (Majestic 12), his book "Behold a Pale Horse," and countless conspiracy theories.
Recently he's been carrying articles about the coming police state, the USA-PATRIOT Act and the criminals who passed it, and the need for action.
Apparently he was shot and killed in a midnight raid on his home in rural Arizona this morning. The Website, obviously being updated by someone else (who may wish his or her survival to be ensured!), is epressing caution that patriots not jump to any conclusions that Cooper was targetted because of his political views. Hmmmmhhh. Whatever. Time will tell.
Perhaps the warrant was being served for his unpaid taxes...but why at midnight for a tax matter? Looks like Waco all over again.
Being discussed in alt.conspiracy, misc.survivalism, and, one presumes, a bunch of the UFO, militia, and patriot newsgroups. A search on Yahoo's headline news doesn't yet pick up the (alleged) AP news story quoted below, but it may by tomorrow. Or by more specialized searches.
The cautious person might believe the round up of undesirables may be beginning. (Ashcroft can boast: "We have rounded up 350 more suspicious persons. Under the new USA-PATRIOT Act, we will hold them indefiniately. Chief Interrogator Alan Dershowitz is bringing his tools to torture the truth out of these perps. ")
The ultra-cautious person would make certain all of the Claymores are set, and that the Sarin antidotes are close at hand for when the automatic release occurs upon entry.
Here's a story posted on some of the Usenet groups:
--begin story--
MILITIA LEADER KILLED, DEPUTY WOUNDED DURING ATTEMPTED ARREST
Associated Press/The Arizona Republic
Nov. 06, 2001 12:20:00
EAGAR - A national leader of the militia movement has been killed and an County sheriff's deputy wounded in a shootout, authorities said.
William Milton Cooper, 58, of Eager, had hosted a talk show broadcast on Worldwide Christian Radio out of Nashville, which receives it via phone his home in St. Johns. He had millions of listeners worldwide, including
Timothy McVeigh.
The deputy, whose name was being withheld by authorities, was shot twice in the
head while trying to arrest Cooper, a state Department of Public Safety
spokesman said today. Cooper was killed by another officer.
Several deputies were attempting to arrest Cooper, who was armed with a
handgun, said Officer Steve Volden, a spokesman for the DPS, which was
investigating the shooting.
He said details of the shooting would be released later today.
The deputy was in critical condition at a Phoenix hospital early today, Cooper was one of the most widely known prophets of the "patriot railing at the federal government and talking of doomsday omens in his McVeigh, who was executed in May for the bombing of the federal building Oklahoma City, listened to Cooper's broadcasts for inspiration, according to
testimony by James Nichols, brother of Oklahoma bombing co-defendant Nichols during a 1996 pretrial hearing.
Like some other patriot leaders, Cooper refused to get a driver's license or
pay federal income taxes, saying he is willing to risk getting ticketed and has
found a legal way to avoid the taxes.
The patriot movement grew during the 1990s, fed by a series of news events -
the siege of Randy Weaver in Idaho, the raid on the Branch Davidians near Waco,
Texas and the signing of gun-control laws.
--end story--
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2001-11-04 18:18:18
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Reprimands considered useless 
The problem lies in the _institutional_ abuse of power. Whether that particular soldier is on duty, or "learns his lesson," is neither here nor there. Some _other_ soldier is probably, as we speak, doing the same thing to some other person reading an Unapproved Book, being a member of an Unapproved Political Party, or displaying Unapproved Religious "Reprimanding" a particular soldier does nothing useful.
Left as an exercise is what should be done to curtail such violations of Posse Comitatus and such violations of the First and Fourth Amendments.
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-11-04 03:49:48
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Sunday Times: Terrorism - Revealed - the bloody pages 
From the excerpts published in the Times, it looks like you plagiarized major sections of the U.S. Army manuals, e.g., the famed Improvised Munitions Handbook and various explosives manuals. You even copied the CD-ROM distribution system!
Now if you set up a "College of the Arabian Lands" patterned after our own College of the Americas school, and you copy the curriculum of teaching methods for assassination, execution of villages, mining of harbors, and using shaped charges to collapse suspension bridges, then I plan to report you to the RIAA!
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-11-04 02:43:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: FBI: More Attacks Soon 
1. If it's so trivial, why add your even _more_ trivial comment?
2. The "Skyfall" item is dated 11 October. So why are you commenting on it several weeks later?
3. Are you retarded?
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-11-01 07:17:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Fw: <nettime> New Scientist: Microwave Crowd Dispersal 
More inane pseudo-questions.
The list has degenerated to a new low.
Into the cornfield you go.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-11-01 05:04:47
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [The Star Article] Canadian lawyers asked to fink on 
It is a profoundly moral act to kill any lawyer who acts as a witness for the other side.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-11-02 17:42:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Using Thermite to Drop Suspension Bridges...and U.S. plans to 
Here's an item I sent to another forum about using thermite to cut the cables on suspension bridges. A couple of folks had claimed that using explosives on the piers and other support structures would be extraordinarily difficult to arrange (and detectable by bridge security personnel). I agreed, but noted in my piece that thermite quickly placed on the main cables could cut or weaken the cables significantly. (Merely damaging the cables by more than about 30% might require, for liability and public perception reasons, the shut down of the Golden Gate Bridge for as many months or years as it might take to replace the main cable--the cable is a continuous one, and is not "segment-replaceable." It is possible that some clamp bypass might be possible, but I would be skeptical that clamps could handle the tension.)
An interesting part of the URL chunk included below is that the DOD endorses use of "peacetime" operations to collapse bridges...surely an act of "terrorism" comparable to bringing down the World Trade Center. (Oh, I forgot, if the CIA does it to a country we are not at war with, it's "nation-building," not terrorism.)
I found this URL, and several equally-interesting ones, as part of my research on using thermite to collapse suspension bridges. Looks like the U.S. military has been planning similar ops for a while...could be why the alerts are being taken seriously by the gubmint.
--begin excerpt--
[[ This message was also posted as:
    <021120010026271382%tcmay ]]
More comments on using thermite to drop the bridges:
In article <011120012309364728%tcmay Tim May A conventional medium- or low-velocity explosion would not hurt the
piers, obviously. Too massive, and MV and LV explosions, by definition,
have little effect on such structures. Even a high-velocity explosion
would have a hard time wrecking the piers.
However, suspension bridges are obviously subject to having the
suspension cables cut. Enough RDX would do the job even on the massive
GG Bridge.
However, there are lower-tech ways to do it even more easily:
A thermite blanket wrapped around one of the main suspension cables of
the Golden Gate would probably drop the span. Hitting both cables would
be best, and matches the M.O. of the 911 attacks.
A truck pulls up, stops, a few men wrap the cable with 60 pounds of
thermite. Once ignited, should cut through the thousands of strands
like butter. (A thermal lance might also do the job, but would require
a man to aim the lance for long enough. This man could be taken out and
the plan thwarted. Wrapping the cable is preferable...once that
thermite process starts, essentially nothing stops it.)
I found some sources showing that the intelligence services around the
world are already planning to use such methods ("in peacetime," which
many would call "terrorism," unless it's done by the U.S. of A.).
Some quotes from The Institute for National Strategic Studies, part of the National
Defense University at Fort McNair and in Norfolk, VA.
Note the mention of thermite, and the cutting of suspension cables.
Note also that the manual is talking about doing these things as an act
of terrorism (covert, against civil facilities).
"Covert operations that conceal the identity of, or permit plausible
denial by, perpetrators moreover may be politically prudent, especially
in "peacetime." ....Brittle cast iron breaks easily, but acetylene
torches or thermite may be needed to slice nickel-molybdenum steel,
which strongly resists conventional explosives. Proper placement is at
least as important as destructive power..... Professionals whose
mission is to stop road and river traffic temporarily cut supports at
one end of truss bridges so affected spans fall in the water; they cut
trusses at midspan to make bridges buckle if long-lasting destruction
is the intent. Massive towers and thick cables on major suspension
bridges resist powerful explosive charges, but slender suspenders that
hang therefrom do not--roadway sections collapse if they are cut."
--end excerpt--
--Tim May
""Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined." --Patrick Henry

@_date: 2001-11-03 21:28:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
What else is expected in a police state?
The soldiers say who can travel, and where.
Fuck this nation. Fuck it to death and start over.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-11-04 03:52:10
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: FC: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from 
I didn't mean to say "No ID, no tickets." I meant to say that tickets were not tied to ID. Cash could be paid.
(This doesn't mean inspections of bags aren't done, so the security issue is unchanged.)
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2001-11-04 03:42:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: FC: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from 
This terrible situation shows what happens when the Government--cops, soldiers, agencies--have control over who is allowed to fly.
In the older system, general security was NOT tied to ID. No ID, no tickets. The pressure exerted on this Green Party woman could not have been applied as easily.
That this woman was obviously--if we are to believe what has been reported--singled out for harassment is a sign of what's to come. Consider the possibilities:

@_date: 2001-11-04 06:10:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Canadian telling me not to worry so much about Canada- and 
This is why we are supposed to be a nation of _laws_, not of _men_. It doesn't matter whether these soldiers are country bumpkins or not: the Constitution still applies. (Scholars may opine that Bangor International Airport has "invited" soldiers onto its property, blah blah, or that ordinary search and seizure provisions are waived, blah blah, but the fact is that soldiers are now frisking people without search warrants. At this rate, the entire Fourth will be mooted.)
"At the time it apparently was a good idea"?
You are hopeless. Every one of the guards, judges, and processing officials should have been tried for kidnapping and then hung by the neck until he was dead.
(One reason I have been cynical dates back to 1969 when a teacher was piously explaining the Nuremberg precedent, that "just following orders" is no defense. I brought up the imprisonment of Japanese-ancestry and Italian-ancestry persons, without constitutional due process. My teacher just shrugged and said "We won the war, so it didn't apply to us.")
I never understood why the survivors of the American concentration camps didn't track down their captors and quietly kill them during the 50s.
This nation is not one of those shitholes, a point you seem to be oblivious to.
We are talking about the Constitution, not what is commonplace in ad hocracies like Canada or in police states like Singapore and Indonesia.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-11-04 17:36:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Soldiers in airports screening-out political dissidents 
Actually, a person or business can "refuse to serve" on nearly any basis except race or gender or a few other politically-correct things. "Tim's Surf Shop" can choose not to wax the board of Reese, for whatever reason it chooses.
This is why I said in an earlier piece that the Godfrey/Oden cases should not be used to further the notion of a "right to travel" (if that "right" is construed as trampling on the rights of Southwest, United, Tim's Surf Shop, etc. to pick and choose their customers).
The focus should be on these things:

@_date: 2001-11-06 17:19:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Business 'rights' and free markets 
In Choate-Prime (aka Choate'), the parallel reality that Choate lives in, Hayek' practices this form of Austrian' economics.
In our own reality, where history, physics, math, and economics are all as we know them to be, Choate is lost. In Choate' I hear he is quite well-respected, even on the Cypherpunks' list.
When he travels to our reality, though, it is not worth our time trying to understand his communications about his reality.
Bluntly, when Choate makes strange claims about math, history, physics, and economics, it's never worth the time to try to correct his many wrong-headed (in our reality) ideas and definitions.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-11-06 18:55:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Stun Guns a Firearm? 
As with all firearms laws, things vary widely from state to state (so much for the Second Amendment applying uniformly...it's as if the First Amendment varied from state to state...this will happen in the  near future, I predict).
In Massachussetts, for example, stun guns are illegal (according to a Web site on MA gun laws I found by typing "firearms "stun guns" " into In California, they are legal, with some restrictions:
"ARTICLE 7. STUN GUNS
12650. "Stun gun" as used in this chapter shall include any item, except a taser, used or intended to be used as either an offensive or defensive weapon capable of temporarily immobilizing a person by the infliction of an electrical charge.
12651. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any person may purchase, possess, or use a stun gun, subject to the following (a) No person convicted of a felony or any crime involving an assault under the laws of the United States, of the State of California, or any other state, government, or country or convicted of misuse of a stun gun under Section 244.5, shall purchase, possess, or use stun guns.
(b) No person who is addicted to any narcotic drug shall purchase, possess, or use a stun gun.
(c) No person shall sell or furnish any stun gun to a minor unless the minor is at least 16 years of age and has the written consent of his or her parent or legal guardian. Violation of this subdivision shall be a public offense punishable by a fifty dollar ($50) fine for the first offense. Any subsequent violation of this subdivision is a misdemeanor.
(d) No minor shall possess any stun gun unless the minor is at least 16 years of age and has the written consent of his or her parent or legal 12652. Each stun gun sold shall contain both of the following:
(a) The name of the manufacturer stamped on the stun gun.
(b) The serial number applied by the manufacturer.
12653. Unless otherwise specified, any violation of this article is a 12654. Each stun gun sold in this state shall be accompanied by an instruction booklet. Violation of this section shall be a public offense punishable by a fifty dollar ($50) fine for each weapon sold without the I've heard anecdotes from people who were hassled by cops when they wore their stun guns on their belts. Similar to what often happens to people when they openly wear knives, even though open carry is ostensibly preferable in many places to concealment.
"Do not anger Happy Fun Court by openly exercising your rights!"
Besides varying from state to state, local satrapies often have their own special laws about what their sheeple may own, carry, or use.
--Tim May
"Aren't cats Libertarian? They just want to be left alone.
I think our dog is a Democrat, as he is always looking for a handout"  --Unknown Usenet Poster

@_date: 2001-11-07 05:34:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: URL for William Cooper death story 
Got the URL for the AP story on William Cooper's death in a midnight --Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2001-11-07 07:38:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Item from another list qouted without comment 
Yep, it looks like Agent Farr all right--I recognize her fractured, incomprehensible style.
What is one to make of: "Conversations of
checks...vid -- and I strongly suspect booby trap talk."?
I wonder if Agent Farr chose one of the groups Bill Cooper was on as part of her "research"?
Agent Farr wants "guys doing surreptitious entry" to have "better recognition training."
Not surprising, but it ought to convince even the charitable amongst us who wanted to give "Aimee Farr" the benefit of the doubt that she/he is clearly advising LEOs.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-11-07 19:41:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
But the records were snarfed by the usual Web crawlers and archive sites, including many folks who went to the Web site after the report.
These 50 kids will find their innermost thoughts and crimes "in their permanent records." When they apply for jobs in 15 years, when they seek political office, when they try to get security clearances.
eBlack, the new anonymous bidding service, has an offer for e2400 for a complete set of these files.
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-11-07 20:08:44
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Sony and Robots...shows how crazy the "anti-hacking" regime has 
Saw this interesting application of the new hardware copyright/anti-tampering/anti-reverse-engineering regime in place"
"Wednesday November 7 2:20 PM ET
Pet Robot Owners Mad at Sony
By YURI KAGEYAMA, AP Business Writer
TOKYO (AP) - Many owners of the world's most sophisticated robot pet, the cuddly Aibo, are growling at Sony Corp (news - web sites). over its demand that a Web site stop distributing free software that teaches the machine new tricks.
``It was a very stiff legal position Sony took without regard to how it will affect the Aibo community,'' said Richard Walkus, a publishing house employee from Madison, N.J., who owns two Aibo robots but is now putting any new Aibo orders on hold. ``Sony is to some degree undermining its own success.''
In a letter last month, Sony told the owner of the AiboHack site that he was violating its copyright and altering its product without a license. It demanded a long list of Aibo software - including code that taught the machine disco steps and new words - be pulled off the site.
--end excerpt--
This shows how crazy the laws have gotten. These robots are essentially computers, and the "hacks" are just new computer programs.
"Dell has announced they are are suing anyone who makes available software for their machines that Dell did not authorize."
"Ford plans to protect its intellectual property by blocking after-market sales of trailer hitches, bed liners, light bulbs, and even motor oil not sold by authorized Ford dealers. "By examining our products and determining how to make things like trailer hitches, these pirates are in violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright," said Ford spokesman Jason Natter."
If robots cannot be reprogrammed, then neither can all sorts of other electronic gear that people routinely reprogram, improve, take apart, etc. Adding a programmable search function to a shortwave radio, for example, would fall under the same nonsensical terms as the Sony case.
ObCypherpunks: I despise the DMCA, but my faith is not in having such laws overturned. In fact, the explosion of new laws is likely unstoppable. However, using technology to thwart traceability (*) is a means of monkeywrenching such laws.
(* I wonder if anonymous remailers will someday be classed as "circumvention devices"? We debated this years ago, wondering whether the laws against unauthorized (!) possession of lock-picking tools and "burglar tools" could be used to de facto illegalize remailers.)
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-11-07 23:17:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: (Yet more) Not getting it: DoE removes nuke info (not) 
This is very old news.
As I reported at the end of September:
I was checking some of my URLs for maps of nuclear power plants, maps
once heavily publicized as parts of civil defense preparedness plans
from the U.S.G.
Guess what? Many of them are gone. The Web caches are not fully useful,
as the indexed sites point to the subpages containing the large image
GIFs (and other formats). So Google's cache has the first page, but all
attempts to access the subpages give the same "information no longer
available" sorts of messages.
The main Nuclear Regulatory Commission site no longer allows downloading
of maps, and results in this message:
Nuclear Site Locations
This site is no longer available.
For another example,
"Unsuccessful Access to INSC Information
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-11-09 03:11:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
If they are, search engines will very likely have indexed them.
I would do the search for you, but your retainer has expired.
Some of the primary papers are:
David Chaum. Showing credentials without identification: Signatures transferred between unconditionally unlinkable pseudonyms. In Advances in Cryptology --- Eurocrypt '85, pages 241--244, New York, 1985. Chaum, D. and J.H. Evertse, Showing credentials without identification: signatures transferred between unconditionally unlinkable pseudonyms, Proceedings of Crypto '86, Springer-Verlag, 1987.
There is much discussion on the Cypherpunks list, and even reference in the Cyphernomicon.
--Tim May
"The Constitution is a radical document...it is the job of the government to rein in people's rights." --President William J. Clinton

@_date: 2001-11-08 22:22:39
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
Greg Broiles and Peter Trei both make excellent points. I kind of regret not spending an hour or so writing a more complete essay. But I wanted to get some of the ideas out, mainly to refute the wrong-headed ideas floating around from folks as diverse as John Ashcroft and Nomen Fact is, we have gone down the "is-a-person" route, and the crypto literature is filled with some good discussions, mainly back in the mid- to late-80s. (See Crypto proceedings for papers by Micali, Fiat, Shamir, and others on "is-a-person" issues. Note especially the vexing problem of what happens when some states (Libya, the United States) issue false (Think of what is-a-person means for states which issue fake credentials, a la the Witness Security Program, agents of various kinds, etc. A t.v. show I like, one of the crop of several such shows (including UC: Undercover, Alias, and 24) is "The Agency." It shows an impressive faking department at work, generating flawless passports, flawless travel documents, excellent "legends," etc. There is no reason to believe that WTC attackers could not have similar state-issued credentials, nor is there reason to believe that private actors cannot generate similar credentials. This is well-known in the biometric security community, and was well-known several decades ago....remember the scene in "Thunderball" where the guy's eyeballs are taken out to gain access to nukes?)
The security-by-credential vs. security-by-inspection (capability, direct verification) debate is something which should be getting much more attention. Alas, it is "too obscure" for politicians and legal types...it has taken them a couple of decades to begin to absorb the concept of digital signatures.
But there is no excuse for all of the careless thought here on this list (and other lists) such as we have seen from some.
A few comments:
Like I said, it needs a full-blown article. All I had the time and energy to do was to throw some basic points out.
Indeed, they leapt on "mandatory ID" with great enthusiasm.
Without it being mandatory, without this market distortion, then of course some airlines might have (and did) required government identity credentials and some airlines might not have. Indeed, many did not. There's no evidence that airline security was any lower in those days. In fact, the 911 attack happened _after_ the ID regimen, and Atta and others all had government-granted IDs. Q.E.D.
Anyway, when the government mandated ID, thus distorting the market, the airlines no longer had to "compete" on the basis of their policies.  The result is as Peter said: increased overall costs to business (with increased profits, for a while) to the airlines.
(Longterm, it may be that corporations are travelling less. Given a choice between buying a ticket between Chicago and St. Louis for $1000, the going no-notice travel rate, and having a pool of cheaper tickets to use, this may have something to do with a decline in business travel. It's got to be one of the contributing factors.)
A good insight. I hadn't been thinking of encryption in terms of the capability model, but it may fit the model. I'll have to think about this some more.
I tend to think of encryption as being "objects carrying their own protection."  Though giving another actor a key is thus like giving them a capability to access the object, so I suspect your model is correct.
Yes, local behavior. Objects, contracts, local enforcement, distributed control, redundancy, non-hierarchical, information-hiding. Many  of us believe this is a reason so many software people are libertarians.
This works because security is dependent on the dangers actually _carried_ by the passenger.
(This does not apply as well to, say, Presidential security, because an actor (an agent, not a Reagan) may carry deadly capabilities in--to use the hackneyed expression--his bare hands.)
And the fallacy people like Nomen Nescio have been making is to assume that "not requiring ID" means there are no other ways to get security.
In fact, of the two options above, I'd rather travel under  Given how easily credentials may be faked, given the fact that credentials don't imply trustworthiness, given a lot of other factors, the presence of a credential is not very convincing.
As I mentioned in my post, there are private travel companies (like FlexJet) which carry VIPs and execs and people they have come to trust. "Know your passenger" works...always has. Not perfectly, but better than most alternatives.
Note for Nomen: This is NOT a call for the FAA to adopt some bureaucratic "know your passenger" policy, akin to "know your customer" rules for banks. ("Know your customer" rules for banks are also bogus, but this is another issue. A good toic to think about.)
Regrettably, these interesting debates are completely orthogonal to the banal debates actually going on in America.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-11-08 17:46:26
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
The confusion "Nomen Nescio" shows in thinking that an is-a-person government tracking system fixes the airline security problem is common these days. It's the same confusion that causes many to think national I.D. cards will fix current pressing problems. They won't.
This is the same "security ticket" problem that shows up in computer security with malicious actors obtaining passwords or other access The time-honored alternative for airline security, and many other types of security, is to not rely on permission slips or identity credentials. Rather, it is to PHYSICALLY inspect.
Think of this a "capability," in OS/KeyKOS/E language terms. Instead of some security or identity credential, a direct determination that an object (passenger) can only have certain kinds of access and property combinations ("no bombs allowed with passenger"). The way to ensure that an object or agent does not go outside certain bounds (e.g., to erase or overwrite files) is not to trust some issuer of a credential from afar but to require specific allocation of access rights in the object or actor itself. (This is not meant to be the most concise or elegant phrasing of what capabilities are. Cf. the usual sources, includinging Hardy, Tenenbaum, Miller, etc.)
Now if El Al or another airline wishes to require identity credentials issued by California or Israel or whatever, this is their choice (in a free market, that is). As I have written about in the past, some airlines already use credentialling systems very similar to a "web-of-trust" or "introducers" model. Private transport companies, for example. Much the way companies hire people they know, or get to know. "Vouching for" and all that stuff.
There is no one single security model. Security is part of an ecology of actors, with methods, capabilities, and propagation of belief/trust The problem I have with the current regime of soldiers with M-16s demanding identity credentials is the simple-minded nature of it, losing the nuances of market alternatives, and accelerating trends toward a identity-centric state.
Nomen Nescio and others should read Chaum's "Credentials without identity" papers. A true name is just another credential, not necessarily more important than any of several other credentials. People should think deeply about this issue.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-11-09 05:49:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: America the Damned 
The Sedition Laws are back. Be afraid, be _very_ afraid.
Some excerpts:
Thursday November 8 2:28 PM ET
Sedition Law Used to Hold Suspects
By PETE YOST, Associated Press Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Prosecutors seeking to hold people they suspect were in the early stages of terrorist plots may turn anew to a very old weapon - the Civil War-era law on sedition.
Last week, prosecutors cited the rarely invoked law in the case of a student being detained in New York, and hinted they might make fuller use of it in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks.
Law enforcement officials, speaking only on condition of anonymity, said prosecutors are examining other cases in which they might use the sedition law against people who did not carry out attacks but had been in various stages of planning.
The government used the sedition law after World War I to convict anarchists. In the 1950s, the Supreme Court upheld convictions of communists on sedition charges for teaching doctrines that were held to be subversive.
``These weren't people blowing things up; they were basically basement seminars where people would read Marx,'' said constitutional law professor Richard Primus of the University of Michigan.
Chicago attorney Jeremy Margolis successfully prosecuted four Puerto Rican nationalists for seditious conspiracy in the 1980s for planning to bomb a Marine training center and an Army Reserve facility.
The object of the conspiracy was to change the policies of the U.S. government ``as opposed to doing a particular criminal act - blow that up, take that down, shoot that person,'' Margolis recalled.
--end excerpt--
TCM comments:

@_date: 2001-11-09 06:28:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Declan should be ashamed 
I just had an amusing online experience.
I checked in on Declan's "Wartime Liberty" news site, which I hadn't visited in for a month or so. It is:
Well, a banner ad began blinking in bright red at about 30 Hz, saying "If this banner ad is blinking, you have won a free prize!" Normally I can ignore these pieces of shit, but this same ad blinked in all of the subsections (encryption, policy, opinion, etc.) I checked. Very annoying.
I never click on banner ads, but I decided to do an experiment, just to see what sort of company Declan has established this business relationship (of whatever kind) with.
I'll spare you the details. Basically, I kept answering questions about my address and age and suchlike (I fibbed slightly, enough to look plausible but not enough to provide tips for the spam and passphrase harvesting I expect Declan's ad banner company is actually doing). After about four or five such screens, it finally told me to select the kinds of free prizes I wanted. All were of the usual bogus kind, including packets of advertising, discounts on subscriptions to magazines, etc. I clicked on none of them.
Then came "da bomb": it asked me for the e-mail names of several other "friends." I left this blank and moved on. It wouldn't accept this, and kept returning to the nag screen demanding e-mail addresses.
I left at this point. I guess I won't get my "free prize"! Sob.
But the obnoxious blinking red banner ad is still telling me I've won a free prize. So I couldn't even stay on Declan's site, so obnoxious was the blinking banner.
Declan, you really should be ashamed of yourself for this. Even if you don't personally choose all of the damned banner ads cluttering up your site, at least have the decency to not let spam harvesters run on your (I suspect they already harvested my "interest" as soon as I progressed to the "click to claim your prize" screen near the end. I'll be looking for spam arriving with the fibbed details I provided. My thought is maybe to bounce every one of these messages to Declan. Naw...)
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-11-13 19:41:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
No, _you_ miss the point: that I was not "incriminating" myself in any You and your kind need to read up on Burroughs' "The Policeman Inside."
"If we do not censor ourselves, others will do it for us."
"Cypherpunks should voluntarily restrict the topics they discuss."
"We should impose voluntary self-labeling of all posts, so that Congress will not."
"I must not think certain thoughts, and I must report others who do."
Ah, weapons training by me and my friends is somehow counterproductive and dangerous? The fact that the First and Second Amendments protect such activities is counterproductive and dangerous to you?
Please explain how my one paragraph summary of my weekend activities provided "dangerous" people with knowledge they didn't already have.
Your "policeman inside" has been getting way too loud. Stop listening to her or him.
Your concern for me is touching, but it is inappropropriate. Some kind of chick thing, I guess.
Butt out.
Also, your comments were a lot more than concerns about me. You also implied that my exercise of my fundamental rights of free speech, free association, Second Amendment rights, etc. was somehow putting the list and its members at risk.
Why do you continue to waste our time, then? And since you have repeatedly urged that I simply filter you out, I say, "Physician, heal Meanwhile, I'll continue to talk about what I think is important.
All of you who are calling for restraint, for self-labeling, for installing new moderators...I suggest you either start a new mailing list or set up a CDR node implementing your policies on restraint, labeling, and niceness.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to imposed a police state

@_date: 2001-11-13 05:38:21
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
I'm not kidding. I was there from Friday morning to last night.
As for "getting slapped around," I presume you plan to back this up with something more than your "intuition"?
Gee, I haven't sought "clearance."
Unconstitutional nonsense.
So, Agent Faustine, report me.
I wish I'd had your report to distribute to the group on Friday night. Adding your name to the checklist of enemies would have been useful, but at the time I didn't think you were quite as much of an enemy as the obvious names.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-11-13 00:32:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
You, thank Baal, have no knowledge of what "pushes my buttons." You also have almost no list experience here (though this has never stopped you from lecturing us on things you've read about in books).
I write about what I desire to write about.
Now that the training camp is over, there is no threat to the security of the operation. They lack time machines.
And which "anti-paramilitary traning statutes" would these be?
Tell us what your college professors told you...but check it against reality before passing it on.
What you "resent profoundly" does not matter.
And what is done by other memmbers of a list does not establish guilt by association, except in your fevered mind.
For example, the discussion I contributed to on hacking the air traffic control system for political purposes makes you guilty of which crime and in which way?
You are ignorant of my mental state of mind. Twit.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to imposed a police state

@_date: 2001-11-12 02:51:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
No, not that place.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-11-12 02:30:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sedition 
Several of us were in the Sierras this past weekend for a training session on weapons use, explosives, terrorism measures, and methods for monkeywrenching the U.S. government so as to paralyze its police state For security reasons, the location was not publicized.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-11-12 03:01:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Unsecured Wireless/802.11b/Passwords 
At the gathering in the Sierras I mentioned, there were many interesting things revealed.
One was a map of thousands of "open" communications channels over wireless links, e.g., 802.11b--just in the Bay Area. In use by government agencies, even security firms doing police state work. It was interesting to see what a Yagi antenna mounted in a truck or on a good  hilltop could do for harvesting tens of thousands of passphrases and slurping down gigabytes of files.
The government agencies are filled with incompetents.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-11-14 08:12:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "Rigorous and objective" 
Besides the above points, a "rigorous and objective analysis" is work for bean counters...and is only interesting to other bean counters.
What got the Cypherpunks rolling was not "rigorous and objective analysis." Faustine has gradstudentitus. She or he will likely get his or her Masters or maybe even Ph.D. and will then vanish into the bowels of the Office of Implementational Policy Assessment, commuting to work each morning on the Metro, hoping to advance to GS-13 level before age 40, and generally living a life of quiet desperation. But her or his analysis papers will be suitably dry and rigorous...and ignorable.
Two of our sessions at that Sierra retreat were vastly more useful than 99% of the CATO and related "dry and rigorous" b.s. papers. One was a session on mapping the security holes in Bay Area government installations...most gubment sites are trivially accessible from wireless connections: sit in the parking lot a few buildings away and take down the Evil Empire!
Another interesting late night session was on ways to knock down airliners. The obvious approaches, but also a bunch of creative new ideas. Not for the faint of heart, of course, as a few pounds of Semtex up the butt is not exactly pleasant...but it's damned near undetectable by even their multimillion dollar scanners.
The thermite attack on bridge suspension cables also got discussed.  Sarin, ricin, and India-1967 were covered in another session.
Meanwhile, grey burrowcrats are burrowing into their burrows in D.C., busily writing "rigorous and objective" reports on the benefits of welfare and why gun control is cost-effective. Feh. I hope to see the day when millions of them are gassed.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-11-15 06:52:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: The killing of Bill Cooper and Liquid Metal Embrittlement 
No, liquid metal embrittlement does not require that aluminum, for example, be nearly in a liquid state. The mercury amalgam that forms can even form at cryogenic temperatures, not to mention at normal ambient Google is great, but beware of getting your basic science just from some items you find.
Fontana and Greene is a good text on corrosion, and there are even some pretty good online descriptions of LME in connection with mercury on --Tim May

@_date: 2001-11-14 18:39:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The killing of Bill Cooper and Liquid Metal Embrittlement 
Some of us were talking at our camp in the Sierras last weekend about the efforts to silence William Cooper, culminating in his death in a shootout with LEOs dressed as street punks. One of Bill's early interests, after his retirement from the armed services, was in how "Liquid Metal Embrittlement" (LME) compounds had been developed to weaken aircraft structures as a means of sabotage. LME works by weakening aluminum, notably, along grain lines.
An LME solution smeared along wing or panel sections could cause catastrophic failure during high stress flight phases, e.g., takeoffs and, to a lesser extent, landings. We ran a few scenarios about how easy it would be bring down an airliner, further spreading fear.
So what happened on Monday morning? From the reports I'm reading, it looks like the tail section broke off shortly after takeoff, during relatively high-g banking manouvers. CNN is saying this is an "unprecedented" failure mechanism for the A300.
Bill Cooper may well have been terminated with extreme prejudice, as the saying goes, because he was getting too close to the truth about the NWO and ZOG using such US-developed sabotage weapons to further the expansion of the terror state.
The U.S. has pressured the major U.S. news outlets not to show Bin Laden's tapes...now we are hearing from _transcripts_ that Bin Laden has "come close" to taking credit for 911...but it would help to actually _see_ the tapes. Ah, but that would not be consistent with the New World Order approach to justice:
* strong arm the press into not showing video tapes, except of the NWO * suspend habeus corpus, hold 1000 detainees indefinitely (9 weeks and

@_date: 2001-11-17 18:51:18
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Rigorous and objective" (if at first...) 
This depends on whether one is entering a new field, amongst other things. And it depends on the field.
Richard Feynman, for example, was innovating in many areas well into his There's a difference between newbies when a field is new and newbies when a field is old. When the Cypherpunks list started, many of us/them were newbies, regardless of our clock ages. (I was 40 in 1992, thus either disputing or reinforcing your "30-35" point, depending on your Some newbies to our list have contributed important ideas. I remember when Lucky Green first started appearing, circa 1994-5. He went from having little background to being one of our most important essayists and actual crypto company contributors. And there's David Molnar, a student at Princeton when he arrived.
It's true that I've seen nothing but "Look at me, I'm such a smart grad student!" comments from some of our recent newbies. And comments from lawyer newbies and law student newbies.
True for some, not for others. I mentioned Feynman. John von Neumann was another. Many examples of people contributing more or less continuously into late life. The "move into management" is common in all industries, all institutions, so many of them end up sitting on panels and boards, attending special events, and genearlly being distracted from the singlemindedness they could have in their 20s.
One of my long-term programming heroes is Dan Ingalls,  the guy who invented BitBlt (for windowing systems) and did most of the actual development of Smalltalk. He's still in the thick of things and is contributing mightily. I recently had a chance to spend a few days with him and with other pioneers (Don Knuth, Gordon Bell, John McCarthy, etc.) and they are still doing creative things. Admittedly, for fundamental ontological reasons, the things that made their careers when they were young ("history gets written by the winners") were more earth-shaking than the things they are now doing. I say "ontological" because this is wired-into the structure of how we perceive the world--most people never make any substantial discoveries, a few make one discovery, and far fewer make more than one. For those who haven't made a significant contribution by age 30 or 35, they probably get shuffled off into jobs where future contributions are even less likely. So we tend to see precisely those people who contributed early on, sometimes more than once.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-11-17 03:15:43
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Rigorous and objective" (if at first...) 
The list has only 5% of the content it had in its glory years, 1992-95. And perhaps only 10% of its content in its declining years, 1996-98. It's now at about half the level of its senile years, 1999-2000. This past year has been the worst.
There are many reasons for this decline, discussed as early as 1994.
Any newbies who think this list is now interesting or exciting has my --Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2001-11-18 06:17:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
I knew Feynman (*) and I knew the main survivor or the criticality accident at Los Alamos. (Klein, who survived "ticking the dragon's tail" and had annual tests done for the rest of his life, which just ended a couple of years ago.) You are overstating the "high risks of criticality incidents," I think strongly.
(* This should mean something to you: we had him over for dinner at our place on Camino del Sur, I.V.)
Feynman wasn't even involved in that end of the physics. A couple of deaths happened, which is hardly surprising given the speed and magnitude of the war effort. More Americans died when a particular truck hit a land mine. More Americans probably died in Los Alamos when their trucks ran off the roads into the ravines. Get some perspective.
Fuck your "Peace" bullshit.
You are spouting nonsense with your "glowing waste zone" idiocy.
I lived west of the Hanford plant for a few years and had occasion to measure the radioactivity levels of samples. The ash from the eruption of Mt. St. Helens was hotter than all but a very few small pockets of soil in the Tri-City Area.
You should cut down on the bullshitting.
Everytime I glance
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-11-17 08:52:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
The idea _is_ for it to detonate, not just have a severe thermal The total "radioactivity" in a critical mass of fissionables is actually not all that great. (Not something I'd want in my backyard, and sure to produce panic, but not all that significant.) The point of a bomb is to get a _lot_ of those radioisotopes fissioning in a much shorter amount of time than usual. Without that chain reaction, the radioisotopes are just decaying at their normal very, very slow rate. (The reason uranium is so radioactively benign is that it's half life is several billion years for the most common isotope and pretty close to that for the U-235 form...the reason we still find both in nature, of course.)
For the oft-discussed "radiological bomb" there is no need for U-235. In fact, shorter half-lived stuff like cesium-137 and even spent fuel rods would be better.
Personally, this is much _less_  worrisome than biological weapons.
If radioisotopes are spread over a few city blocks, for example, they can be cleaned up in various ways. Easy to detect with a Geiger counter (or scintillation counter), easy to vacuum up with HEPA filter units, all sorts of foaming agents and hoses and the whole decontamination apparatus. And if the Geiger counter is silent, it's all gone.
A radiological bomb would result in an evacuation, and the usual panic by the sheeple who are afraid of atoms, but the cleanup would be (Chernobyl was what it was because many tons, even hundreds of tons, of fuel rods were vaporized and/or burned.  Not many terrorists could arrange for the vaporization/combustion of this much material.)
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2001-11-17 08:33:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Look, people respond to points they are interested in responding to. That I didn't comment on your political point about "will to die to rally our cause" point does not mean I didn't "miss the point." It just is such an obvious point as to be unexceptionable.
More interesting to me was picking apart your "stainless steel bowls A true understatement. Try beating a piece of uranium!
(From the rigidity modulus tables, and Young's modulus tables, you can find comparable metals to experiment with.)
This is why most such hemispheres and hemispherical sections are made with molds and slurries of fissionables. Getting uniformity by "beating" a fairly hard metal is not easy.
Pure metallic uranium, both in the natural abundances and in the pure U-238 (DU) form.
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2001-11-17 08:24:31
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Tom Clancy did a good job of describing how to make a low-yield nuke in one of his novels, the one about a nuke in the Denver stadium. (I think it was "The Sum of All Fears.") It's been many years since I read it, but my recollection is that one of  the actors gets sick.
As Eric C. pointed out in his follow-up to your article, this business of "staying alive" is probably the easiest of the problems to solve. The biggest hazard is from ingestion of the materials, either from some grinding or machining stage, or liquid compounds (molding the (The "apron" you mention at some point is almost totally beside the point. Working in a good fume hood or laminar flow hood would be a better safety precaution. Wearing a moonsuit and gloves would be extra protection. Not eating sandwiches or Doritos while mixing the stuff also Why so complicated on the detonation geometry? Without doing some experiments and getting the fast ignition triggers (on the real munitions list), I'd doubt strongly that your scheme would work the first time.
And gunpowder is almost guaranteed to not work.
It's really _not_ this easy. It took China and India a while before they successfully tested an A-bomb (many years after they had the raw materials from their reactor programs). It may have taken the South Africans and Israelis a few years after getting materials, too. So, why didn't they just hammer U-235 into stainless steel mixing bowls and do it the way "anyone on this planet can build a nuclear device," one I'd guess that the "tall pipe" version is the most buildable of the basement nukes. (In a nutshell: a tall drainpipe, perhaps 40 feet tall. Set up in an apartment building, warehouse, etc. At the base the pipe is reinforced with copious amounts of concrete. The subcritical masses are at opposite ends of the pipe. The mass on top is piled on with several hundred pounds of ballast, to "tamp" the early critical mass action. To explode the bomb, drop the mass from the top of the pipe. The critical mass is briefly contained by the concrete collar around the pipe and the inertial mass above. Is it enough to produce a real chain reaction? Well, it's all relative. Still, not very efficient.)

@_date: 2001-11-17 07:56:00
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Uranium is not malleable in the same way either gold or silver are.
Nearly all metals are malleable to some extent (in that they don't shatter when subjected to shear forces), but I was responding to your "beat the metal in a stainless steel bowl" idea. Good luck on beat U this way!
A chart of the rigidity moduli for the elements gives a good idea of why U is not normally considered very malleable:
Also, I don't get what you mean by saying it has a luster when polished. Yeah, all metals do..until they oxidize/tarnish/anodize.
The chunks of uranium I used to work with were pure metallic...and dark --Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-11-17 06:11:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Gold is malleable AND is denser than steel.
Uranium is NOT malleable AND is denser than steel.
The main reason for using DU in armor-piercing shells is the sheer The bomb instructions Joe provided are as accurate as most recipes in "The Anarchist Cookbook."
(A book my local Sheriff's Department banned in 1970.)
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-11-20 01:40:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Not really. It was still a matter of belief that that gold coin, or gold nugget, would be worth something.
"In and of itself" is a very vague and intangible concept.
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2001-11-19 23:50:18
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
I'm not religious about a gold standard, but the fluctuations in world supply of gold are quite small. Nearly all of the gold extant in the world has existed for a long time in the hands of man (and governments, companies, churches, etc.). Even those mining technology has gotten better, the riches veins of ore--and most of the nuggest sitting in streambeds, etc.--have long been exhausted. I'm sure that 10 or 15 minutes spent with a search engine, maybe much less, would show the number of tons of gold mined each year versus the total amount of gold already held.
Money things are just objects with certain beliefs and expectations attached to them.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-11-19 21:54:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Yes, you are on the same track I am on.
Just as there is no real difference between a "buyer" and a "seller" (think barter, think trading songs, think swap meet), so, too, MONEY IS JUST ANOTHER GOOD BEING TRADED.
While we think of the crisp $20 bill we got at the swap meet as being more "real" (guaranteed value) than something we get in trade (a radio, for example, which might turn out to be defective...), this is just a matter of degree. Counterfeit bills exist, and swap meets, by the way, happen to be where a lot of them turn up.
But I risk digressing...
The point is that even Chaumian "coins" (the unblinded numbers, presumptively unlinkable in the usual Chaumian ways) are essentially just goods. A recipient of such a coin has worries: has it already been spent (double-spending issue), will the issuer simply say "No good" (for whatever reason, including a deliberate "take the real money then renege on all redemption attempts" strategy.
All money, all currency, all goods, are just "things" with various beliefs about them.
And note that many of the "attacks" or "weaknesses" in digital cash schemes are actually present all around us. Examples abound, and could be put into a long list of potential frauds, scams, defaults, etc. Confidence gamers have been using these scams for centuries, longer. Banks have been failing, refusing to honor their notes, their "coins," for just as long. And governments have been looting banks, freezing assets, devaluing currencies. The list of "failure modes" is long. And yet it doesn't stop banks, money, and commerce. All crypto is economics. It's the ecology that matters, not just the absolute perfection of each Your questions below need longer answers, but here are a few notes (take them as comments) on each of them:
If Alice and Bob are "already" in possession of unspent (*) coins (I will use this term to refer to unblinded numbers, dispensing with talk about modular exponentiation, raising things to the one third power, blah blah), then Alice can give Bob 100 of her coins and "get back" 99 of Bob's coins. (His commission for moneychanging, for example.)
(* Double spending will be an issue. I claim solutions exist, Some don't like the mention of "coins." I mean it as shorthand to replace the often-confusing rewrite rules about what the transactions unfold into. Better to think in terms of atomic Chaumian protocols, unless the detailed rewrites matter in a particular case. Or for implementation, of course.
This is best solved probabalistically, which we use for zero knowledge For example, I wish to know whether a bank (Bob) is "honest" about redeeming its digital money. I can "ping" the bank by withdrawing digital coins (again, same as "giving them a blinded number, getting back their version, unblinding the number," etc.) and then seeing whether they redeem the coin. As their coins are untraceable to me, I can have someone I trust test them. This is how people test their banks with ordinary cash. (Most don't, because enough others _have_. Banking regulations have very little to do with bank trustworthiness....ask the hawalla banks and their customers.)
Best done by splitting into lots of smaller pieces, pieces which can be used to ping. (Not just to test, but to buy the advantages of being part of an ecology. An issuer who decides to "burn" customers cannot do it for just one particular customer. Your "size" or "more to lose" issue has some interesting mathematical issues connected to with it. "Streams" offer one outlook...no time here to explain. In some of my articles from several years ago.)
I think third parties play a very important role. They don't have to be police or courts, etc., and it's better that they are not.
A courier is a good example. An employee who moves packages, or even does banking. (Couriers are often bonded, the "more to lose on a burn than he makes" point you made. But couriers are also given incomplete knowledge. It helps that a courier doesn't know whether he's transporting $2000 or $200,000. Usual principles. Application to crypto protocols is not obvious, but there's something _there_.)
This is always problematic. Even in the real world of real money and real drugs. Drug deals often go bad for this reason. So physical security, snipers in high places, all the usual movie and t.v. drama.
Can a system work without deadlock, where Alice makes a good (a song, for example) and Bob does the same (another song)? Sending partial bits out is only a crude engineering solution...both get their songs more or less simultaneously.
Note that any system where Alice unlocks her song with a key is no solution at all. (This is often _seen_ as a solution, but bits are bits, and so this solution misses the point.)
Note that no digital money scheme solves this problem, either. (Which is why I put in terms of straight barter, with no issues of translation into money even necessary to consider.)
I believe, and have believed since 1988 when Dave Ross first suggested it in a discussion a bunch of us were having, that third party escrow services, untraceable to each but having a digital nym, is the optimum solution to this "delivery deadlock" problem. Much has been written, by me and by others, on escrow services.
Well, "reputation" is a form of persistent state. The reputation (belief) that a piece of metal is actually gold, the belief that a gold market will exit in 2 hours, the belief in a bank, and so on.
I believe the notion that persistent states are not desirable, that only a kind of "purely functional (in the sense of Scheme or ML) protocol is desirable is the ROOT CAUSE of much of the failures talked about here.
And this matches how things work in the real world, in all cultures and over nearly all periods in history. Kids learn that money has value by a Bayesian expectation that dollar bills will continue to buy candy. Those with checking accounts establish a Bayesian belief that their checks will continue to be honored so long as they meet expected deposit requirements. Etc. for a dozen other good examples.
Why do we expect digital money to be different?
(Yes, there are fascinating aspects to one _part_ of the blinding process...but isn't this akin to only focussing on the "untraceable" part of a gold coin and saying that's the only reason money works?)
We have been taking a couple of elegant protocols and expecting this to be the monetary system. And when they fail, or fail to get implemented (the real reason), we say "untraceability is not possible."
(Given certain flaws in non-digital money systems, would we say that "traceability must be added"? Government thinks so, with money laundering and currency transport laws, and with likely outlawing of cash within out lifetimes. But these are for political reasons.)
Not if anyone is a potential bank, a mint. If coins are just another form of bartered "things," and if traceability to a physical true name is not essential for barter (my basic thesis), then look what happens...
First, it is by no means pointless to talk in terms of these smaller sub-trades. It solves many problems.
Second, even very high-value transactions can be done with mutually-trusted third parties, even untraceable.
(Physical identity is just another credential. Sometimes offered, sometimes not.)
Thanks for the interesting comments, yours and Adam Shostack's. It's helping me to dredge up out of my memory some of the good discussions from the early list years and from the 1995-97 years when "everyone a mint" was being discussed a lot.
I feel more than ever that the ecology approach, the agoric approach, is the key.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-11-19 20:55:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
No, I can't say that I have. I have never wasted my time trying to convince sheeple that they need to make backups, put good locks on their doors, use encryption, not give their SS numbers to others, and so on.
You didn't quote all of my material (which is fine), but it's important that folks remember the point I made about bank vault security: was it requested/demanded by the "industry" or by "the customer" (Joe Sixpack)?
The answer is actually more interesting: the drive for better vaults was largely driven by _insurance_ issues. I suspected this when I first started thinking about security and crypto, and then I tracked down some comments from the safe makers (like Mosler). After bank robberies, when safes had to be replaced, banks would look at the economic tradeoffs in deciding whether to get a newer model from companies like Mosler. If they were insured, as became more common as the 20th Century unfolded, their insurance premiums depended on their overall security measures.
This applied as well to _new_ banks. This meant that neither the customer (Joe Sixpack) nor the branch manager had to be "convinced" or "sold" on the importance or value of good security. Rather, the normal market discounting forces took care of the issue. Actuaries, underwriters, risk estimators, and security experts think about things some people never think will happen to them. Educating the masses is not the main issue.
If you had read much of the past traffic of the list, Faustine, you would know about this point.
Will the same happen with online security and crypto? It already has. The credit card companies already have imposed rules for merchants, a major part of why SSL and 128-bit crypto and all the rest is happening. Lawsuits over leaking of medical records are already happening, and some large tort judgements will likely cause increases in security (including better encryption, more use of capability-based architectures to limit access, etc.)
Sure, Grandma and Sis aren't using PGP 8.13 to encrypt their notes to you. So?
Crypto is economics. Security is economics. Has been since the days of measures and countermeasures with spears and fences and walls and castles and siege engines.  "Educating the residents of villages" is neither here nor there.
Not that I'm discouraging you from going out to and trying to get that "I didn't know that!" glimmer of awareness that maybe good locks are better than bad locks. Knock yourself out.
But as a reason why certain interesting technologies are not being deployed, it's a side show.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-11-19 19:46:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Doesn't the Barnes/Goldberg "moneychanging" protocol effectively symmetrize the untraceability?
Even if the protocol is payer-untraceable-but-payee-traceable, the moneychanging protocol makes both untraceable. (Alice-Bob-Charles.)
I'm not handwaving here, I hope, but the lack of blackboards and enough time (on all of our parts) to make sure our notation is correct, makes it tough to argue. Folks should go back to several articles written by Ian, Doug, and others. Circa 1996-7, as I recall. Also, some demos as CP physical meetings.
There are issues of one party receiving part or all of the items being transferred and then burning the other party. And if the items, whether ecash or software or whatever, require later authorization/turn on to complete the transaction, there are further burning opportunities. (Note that this is not a problem unique to digital cash. There are always prospects for a merchant taking the money and then saying "Bye," or "I already gave you the stuff." Or delivering defective products. This is a kind of "handover deadlock" which, nonetheless, has not halted commerce of various kinds. Even at flea markets, where the sellers and buyers are largely anonymous. I realize that digital commerce systems have higher requirements, for the same (basic ontology of the world) reasons that security flaws in digital systems may be exploited far more rapidly and devastatingly than, for example, a security flaw at my house.)
My _intuition_ is that an ecology of agents each exchanging digital money, even if the system in only uni-directionally untraceable, with "anyone a mint," goes a long way toward solving the problem. Squares the circle, so to speak. Throw in escrow agents and intermediate holders, bonded with nyms, and I see no particular reason why two-way untraceability is not feasible.
But let me make a meta-point:
We know that David Chaum, for various reasons, initially claimed two-way untraceability. We also know that he later emphasized offline clearing and "monitors" to deal with double-spending and repudiation problems. He also appeared to emphasize payer-untraceability (so that Alice could not have her purchases tracked by BobCo Enterprises) and claimed at one point that he could not see any need for payee-untraceability.
(I refuted this to his face at a CFP, circa '97, by citing Bob the Seller of Birth Control Information, facing arrest and whatnot if caught selling banned information. This is just one of a huge class of situations where sellers are as much at risk as buyers. David had no answer, saying "Hmmmhhh...I'll think about it," or words to that effect. Him being an obviously very bright thinker, and him having spent many years thinking about these issues, I was and still am at a loss to understand why he would think payee untraceability is not needed.)
So, here's the punchline,
Regardless of companies trying to make money, not be run out of business by money laundering laws, trying to be banker- and Homeland Fascism-friendly, IS THERE A FUNDAMENTAL REASON WHY TWO-WAY UNTRACEABILITY IS NOT "POSSIBLE."	
I believe counterexamples have already been developed, showing there is nothing wired into the nature of mathematics that makes two-way untraceability impossible. I'll save these examples for later.
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2001-11-18 22:07:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Your quoting software (?) is still broken. You have the order wrong.
You asked for an example, I gave a good one. As for who is asking for this, this is hard to say. Is the security of a bank vault being "asked for" by "commercial interests" or by "customers"?
This was done _extensively_ by the PGP/NAI people and by others. They had staffs of people designing products, designing boxes for sale at computer stores, etc.
You keep showing your basic unawareness of the past.
Then contribute something more than saying that other people are not doing what they should be doing.
Companies have been trying to convince the home computer user that they should be encrypting for years. Doesn't wrok. And for not very surprising reasons. Same thing seen in the home security business, backups, etc.
(The average user doesn't make any backups. The average homeowner doesn't do any more to secure his house than what it came with. In other words, "the defaults." )
You keep chanting about "whippersnapper!" I have no idea how old you are...you could very well be one of those menopausal women who go back to grad school after being kicked out of the house...though usually they end up studying to become psychobabblers.
Your problem is not your age, it's your ignorance of core issues. I suspect you are willfully uneducable.
--Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-11-18 05:59:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Winter 
Something's wrong with your quoting software: Declan wrote that last line, not you.
SSL/RSA built into every financial transaction with the common browsers. Visit Amazon, Ebay, etc., and note the secure connections. User-transpaperent, of course, but then, of course, this is precisely what a "Joe Sixpack AOLuser" [SIC] application _must_ be.
Next question?
Well, you are the one using the expression "Joe Sixpack AOLuser."
As for me, I'm a neo-Calvinist Nietzscheian. It is of little concern to me whether crypto is dumbed-down to the point where Mr. Rogers uses it.
As usual, you just bullshit about things you obviously know little about. Do some serious reading, get up to speed.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-11-17 18:00:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
Alternative Subject Name: Decline and Fall: Crypto without politics is just applied number theory
This will be a long article. Fair warning.
Also, I plan to reply only to folks who make a serious effort to debate. Folks who chime in with inanities or with "Another C-A-C-L rant!" will of course just ignore. I don't expect much discussion, though. For the same "lots of reasons" I mention many times below. Still, I wanted to make these points even if only six of you are worth responding to.
There are many reasons/factors for the decline. Few would argue that the decline has been a many-year process. As I lack the energy or will to write a detailed essay (which is one of the reasons...), I'll summarize a few basic reasons:
1. The newness issue. Even before the list/group started, finding new and amazing implications was so easy that we were able to figure out a bunch of things before the official crypto community noticed them. Early list messages were often about these implications. Hal Finney, Eric Hughes, Duncan Frissell, and a dozen others were all actively debating these implications--years before the "crypto press" started reporting them, years before even apologists for Big Brother started denouncing them. The newness has shifted. I'll come back to this issue again.
2. Fewer infusions of new blood. We had some good infusions of new blood in the 1993-95 period, including people like Lucky Green, Declan McCullagh, and Greg Broiles. In the past couple of years, fewer creative contributors have arrived. We had a guy from Germany, whose name I have spaced out on, but he showed up at ZKS (another point I will get to in a moment) and hasn't been active on the list in a long while. In the last year or two, David Molnar stands out as a new and innovative contributor, but I believe his is now involved in a start up in NYC and so he doesn't post here often anymore.
A couple of apologists for Big Brother have arrived (George whom I am tentatively assuming is the same as the frequent Nomen Nescio user: a leftie who rants about the evils of ideas here), a couple of agent provocateurs have arrived, and several infantile flamers are still [Note: Related to this point and the one following below, we had a _huge_ number of students and grad students active on the list in the early years. "Wired" did a big piece on Cypherpunks in their second issue, and "Wired" was still cool in those years. A surge of subscribers hit the list in 1993. And Clipper was much in the news. Many of those students contributed provocative, anarchist-leaning ideas. Many went on to get jobs in industry, even in crypto and security. Some went to Microsoft (Matt Tomlinson, I believe, and possibly Wei Dai, though I could be wrong), some went to Netscape, some to RSA, and so on.]
3. The commercialization of crypto. This has been a plus and a minus. On the plus side, several startup companies have drawn heavily from former (or lurking) list members, including C2Net, Digicash, PGP, RSA and Verisign, security consulting companies in the Bay Area, Zero Knowledge, and the security departments of leading dot com and Net companies.  Even Mojo Nation, which had about half a dozen list members in it--not much being heard from it now.
(Remember when three members of the same family were on the list and two of them were essentially Netscape's security department! Remember when at least three key list members worked for Digicash?) The ZKS issue alone took half a dozen of our most significant contributors off the list (for various obvious reasons), including Ian Goldberg, both Adams (Back and Shostack), and some others. And when ZKS recast itself a year or so ago as some kind of "consulting company" (??) and then when they recently dropped the Freedom remailer/proxy service, things took another steep decline. Even if these former list members end up leaving ZKS, as would seem likely, I doubt they'll return to our list.)
The effects of the commercialization were manyfold (or is it manifold?) and deserve an entire essay, but here are a few of them:
a) Cypherpunks physical meetings (second Saturday of each month, held in the South Bay 1992-95, held all around the Bay Area after that) became more corporate-focused. Guys at companies often recruited. A kind of rolling job fair.
b) The projects discussed started being more and more about what some particular company was doing
c) I believe some people are much less willing to discuss radical implications and ideas when they think future employers may be reading, or may have access to their posts through search engines. It may be coincidental, but the beginning of the real decline of the list happened at just about the same time the Web was becoming ubiquitous (which has other implications, mentioned later) and as search engines like Deja News and Alta Vista made it obvious that one's words on the list would echo forever.
d) Siphoning of energy. Not a bad thing, but the commercialization of crypto definitely meant that many long-range projects were shifted to short-range. Depressingly, most of the short-range efforts never really went very far. (Between the dot com crash and other things, all we really have is what we had in 1992: basic crypto and signatures.)
e) The mess with PGP. At one point, probably a dozen list members worked at PGP, and we often heard updates from them on new versions. (One of those pluses as well as minuses. A plus that PGP was expanding, and that usage was increasing, but a minus because all it really was basic encryption stuff, so it was fairly boring to spend meetings discussing the details of a version update.) The transfer of PGP to NAI further confused things, and now there are probably fewer PGP users than in 1996. (Multiple versions, an OpenPGP version, a GPG effort, Zimmermann at Hushmail, and NAI saying they plan to demphasize PGP....already a moot point.)
[Note: There was a period when using PGP was "cool." Lots of digerati were using it, playing with it. It showed up on "Wired"'s "hot" list. This has changed. Lots of reasons.]
4. The discrediting of "politics." After the first heady year or two of discussing digital money, data havens, dead drops, black nets, tax avoidance, colonization of cyberspace, and so on, some voices began to argue against talking politics. To be sure, the list had always been focused on the "exploitation of crypto for meta-political purposes." Mundane politics about left vs. right was not interesting to most of us. Yes, the list had a strong libertarian focus, but so does much of the Net and so  does much of the computer community (with also a lefty/Green/ecobabble contingent out there, though not on this list). Why this is so should not surprise anyone.
The discrediting of politics was correlated to the formation of alternative lists. Lewis McCarthy started a moderated list called "Coderpunks" in which only code and programming techniques was to be discussed. Perry Metger started a moderated list called "Cryptography." Some of the active participants in Cypherpunks did most of their posting on those lists...let a thousand flowers bloom and all. I chose not to subscribe to those lists for a couple of reasons. First, I hate moderated lists where some satrap decides what is OK for me to talk about and what is not. Second, I am much less interested in the C++ coding of Rijndael than I am in discussing digital money and quasi-political issues touching on economics, public policy, social repudiation and reputation issues, etc. In my view, crypto without politics is just applied number theory.
The discrediting is even happening on the Cypherpunks list. It is deeply ironic that people who have never contributed an innovative idea, poitical or technical, are hectoring us that "Cypherpunks write code!" (Having been involved since the Ur-Cypherpunk days, I know precisely what that slogan means, and it _doesn't_ mean what many think it means.)
5. The resurgence of politics and law. Strangely, despite the above discrediting, politics and law became _more_ of the focus of the list! How could that be? Here's a partial list: Communications Decency Act, the Bernstein case, crypto export laws, ITAR, European plans to regulate crypto, Napster, copyright, the DMCA, and on and on. Despite the "Cypherpunks write code!" pseudo-mantra, more and more physical meetings were devoted to hearing from various spokeslawyers representing the EFF, EPIC, CDT, and other lobbying/litigating firms. More and more list members muttered about going to law school...and some did.
(Not to besmirch the reputation of Greg Broiles, who was already well-along in law school before beginning to contribute many fine
On to another major, possibly _the_ major, factor:
5. The boredom factor. As Declan and Petro have noted, the ideas are not new. The same reasons that made the 1992-94 period so heady also mean that later developments are usually just revisitations or rediscoveries of the "nuggets" found in the early years. This is like any new field: the early pioneers find gems and nuggest lying on the ground, lots of low-hanging fruit. (To mix some metaphors.) Later arrivals find the low-hanging fruit gone, the richest veins of ore already mined.
(I have not given up. There are amazing things yet to be done. I had a stimulating discussion with some computer pioneers last weekend and am redoubling my own efforts in my "ontology" project I have occasionally The "read the archives!" advice often given, especially by me, is only to be expected. When literally tens of thousands of articles, some of them very long and detailed, have already been written on core topics, why should any of the "old-timers" spend an hour writing an essay to educate a newbie who is unwilling to even spend a few minutes with Google looking for already-written articles?
(And many of the newcomers are shockingly ignorant of even the basic definitions and ideas, ones that have been written about in full-length articles. My own chapter-length essays outline the basics and have been included in recent books like "Building-In Big Brother" (Ludlow), "Crypto Anarchy, Cyberstates and Pirate Utopias" (also Ludlow), and the forthcoming "True Names and the Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier" (Vinge, Frenkel, others). Any search on the keywords so common on our list will turn up full-length articles, as well as the "Cyphernomicon" mega-FAQ I spent (wasted?) about a year of my life working on.)
6. The failure to get true digital money. Call it what you like, "digital cash" or "ecash" or even one of Hettinga's pet names, but the fact is that for both political and technical reasons we don't have digital cash. This has ripple effects for nearly all of the constructs which depend on digital money: data havens, good remailers, black nets, beacons, and of course for certain sociopolitical implications of untraceable transactions.
Without this basic building block, we are left just with the "privacy" stuff...and the privacy stuff is both fairly boring and at the same time wrapped-up in legal/political baggage about secrecy, hiding things, etc. Why digital money has not happened is still an interesting topic to discuss. I described the two axes of "value of untraceability" versus "cost of untraceability" in an article I wrote a few months ago. I characterized the "millicent ghetto" that most companies have concentrated on, and the fallacy of the "one size fits all" pricing Now, given the events of 911 and the rush to control the Net and to impose new and unconstitutional limitations on what people can do with their own money, the likelihood of a quasi-visible digital money operation like Mark Twain Bank setting up seems to be nil.
Money-laundering laws, and the attempted crackdowns on "hawalah" exchanges, will mean any digital cash effort will have to be done beyond the margins of the law. Maybe for something with no identifiable nexus, something beyond even what Gnutella and Freenet are doing. Beyond Morpheus/Music City, beyond Mojo Nation, beyond _any_ of the current P2P efforts. (By the way, the only book that I know of on Peer-to-Peer computing has references to the pioneering role that Cypherpunks played, in remailers, in screen-saver code crackers, etc. Look to the archives from 1992-94 and one will see most of the P2P issues covered, from the point of view of distributed, agoric models, black markets, etc. My own BlackNet, 1988, is obviously a P2P model.)
This failure to get workable untraceable digital cash (true 2-way untraceable, not the bastardized, banker-friendly, government-friendly one-way untraceable form) is the _deep_ reason things are stagnating.
And we are not alone...
"How to make money off of these ideas" is the fundamental reason the dot com crash happened. Absent efficient digital payment systems, and absent strong cryptographic constructs to build cyberspace structures, just about the only working model for funding all of these dot com things was "online advertising."  That, coupled with scads of companies all figuring they would dominate their markets.
I'm concentrating here on the online digital services companies, not so much the "clicks and mortar" companies trying to sell dog food over the Net (yeah, the pets.com and boo.com companies failed, but in their cases the Net was just another communications medium for basically a mail-order or phone-order business). More interesting are why the crypto-related companies are failing. People just aren't paying for digital signatures, encryption, and other "Cypherpunkish" things.
This doesn't surprise me at all. But, I see that I am drifting away from my intended brief listing of reasons for the decline and am instead moving into something that should be saved for another article.
In closing, the long-term prospects for our ideas are still bright. The "degrees of freedom" (multiple senses) still mean that crypto anarchy will likely triumph over central control. But we probably are facing a "crypto winter" lasting at least 5 years, and maybe much longer. The moves to expand wiretapping and surveillance, the Carnivore boxes, the rapid move to reduce civil liberties in the wake of 911, the calls by various European and Asian countries to crack down on use of the Net, and the draconian restrictions on money....all of these things will make it very difficult to establish Cypherpunks technologies.
Maybe a collapse will come, maybe P2P will sneak these ideas in through the back door (*).
(* as might well have happened sooner had Napster _started_ in a distributed, no nexus sort of way instead of starting as a central file server with a huge "Sue me!" sign painted on the roof of their San Mateo The thing I would advise folks to do is to not think about getting rich. Those who lust after the riches of an IPO for their Digital Signature Datawhack, Inc. startup are probably heading for crushing disapppointment. "Do what you love and the money will follow" is still good advice.
And working on the interesting stuff, even if it doesn't appear to be "commercial," will probably be where the commercial things of ten years from now come from. There are so many examples of this from past years that I can't begin to list them here.
Well, now I'm again moving afield into career advice, so I'll stop here.
Best wishes,
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-11-18 05:15:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Monkeywrenching airport security 
I don't see what the big concern is here. Just stand there and say nothing. They're going to go through the bags as they wish anyway.
The nitrogen connection has been known for many years, too. I remember hearing that _marzipan_ candy tends to set off the detectors, something to do with the almonds and nitrates and all.
Big deal. Just stand there and let them search. Using your range bag for carryone luggage is perfectly legal, providing you haven't left any shells inside, or any bore cleaning brushes which might be used as Assault Brushes.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-11-26 04:20:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
I believe Greg may have been referring to a "reputation market" experiment, circa 1993. Each list subscriber was given some number of tokens and then a market in reputations was "declared." People could buy and sell shares in the reputations of anyone, including themselves. The thought was that prices would go up on those reputations people thought the price would go up on. Issues of the "real" reputation were secondary issues (i.e., if people thought someone was a turkey, they probably wouldn't expect his rep to go up, despite the artificial nature of the I think the guy who wrote the market software was living in Salt Lake City at the time, but I could be misremembering. I don't remember his name, and my archives from back then are in a jumble.
One thing that was interesting was the opportunity to manipulate the market. I offered to buy tokens from others, for cash. One person sold me all of his tokens for the agreed-upon price of $20. I sent him the money and he mailed his tokens to me. I then proceeded to use my extra "wealth" to bid up the value of my own reputation.
The tokens were not cryptographically-strong forms of digital cash, but they worked for the intended purpose. (That is, no one tried to forge them, at least not successfully.)
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2001-11-18 20:03:48
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
First, your "right way to price resources?" question is part of what economists call "price discovery." There's the usual stuff about auctions of various kinds (Dutch, reverse, etc.), but basically it boils down to charging as much as the traffic will bear. (Particularly appropriate terminology in this case.). One knows the right approximate price for a used car, because of past experience, classified ads in newspapers, Blue Book guides, etc. But still there is price discovery for a particular car.
But how to price a Picasso? Even with liquidity-assisters like Christie's and Sotheby's, price may vary from x to 5x, depending on current trends, fads, and moods.
Second, Mojo-type systems are a "thin" market. Few players, few comparisons. Worse than Picassos, in general.
Personally, I wouldn't waste a millisecond looking at options pricing models. That'll be more about Black-Scholes and how DPV calculations of made of the present value of future streams of revenue, blah blah.
Third, and needing a lot of exposition to explain, there's the issue of _what_ is being sold in systems like Mojo. Napster succeeded, for a while, because it required absolutely no education in what was being downloaded and how to do it: just download Napster with a click, fumble around with the various "Connect to:" buttons, type in "Light My Fire" or "Blink 182" and FREE STUFF!! started appearing on your desktop and even playing through your speakers! No muss, no fuss.
Any system involving units of Mojo, or understanding of auction models, etc. is hampered. And any system that has only a tiny fraction of what Napster had at its peak is hit with the "So what?" factor. And the Fax Effect kicks in--few users, not as many options, stagnation.
(For example, there were Napster clients on the Mac early on. Now, between much less being offered, and the legal issues, there is no Morpheus client for the Mac. Mactella is a Gnutella client, but when I fire up Mactella I get a) no songs of interest, ever, and b) incredibly slow and inconsistent performance. In other words, Tim Sixpack has given up for now on Mactella/Gnutella. Presumably the same is true of Freenet, Mojo, etc.)
Are there things that are of value in cyberspace and that could use black markets for trading? Sure. We have cited examples for years, and not just of things like child porn.
A venture located in San Mateo (Napster) or Mojo (Palo Alto??) or Montreal (ZKS) has obvious limits on what it can offer or publicize. This is the obvious limit of all systems seeking to provide a market for things or services but also have a nexus of control, identification.
(Side note: While I have nothing against people making money, I think way too many of these services have sought to make money on IPOs...kind of like having the counterculture in the 60s forming a corporation, staffing up, installing hot tubs and espresso bars, and buying Herman Miller chairs for employees. Duh.)
Are there better models? Sure. Oft-discussed over the years. Think small. Think vertical. Think about moving out of the "millicent ghetto." Think about who will spend the time and money to use untraceability techniques. It ain't Joe Sixpack, for multiple, obvious reasons.
Look, I'm cheered by the reaction to my "Crypto Winter" essay. Especially from some communications I've had in private, and from contributions like this one above from Dave Molnar. (The expected "Cypherpunks got it all wrong" comments from folks like Nomen Nescio/Morlock Eloi/George I expected. Cheap shots from unoriginal thinkers.)
But it seems to me that way too many people have been caught up in the mundane...the worries about "selling" crypto to Joe Sixpack, the devolution to a 1993 state of crypto integration (*), and the banality of most discussions. Read the archives to see how banal most of these discussions of "monkeywrenching" airport security are!
(* The focus on integrating crypto into mailers is a repeat, ad nauseum, of past mistakes. Sure, it might be nice to have PGP integrated into every mailer. It was a goal of some in 1992, in 1993, and so on. And it works...for a while. Some version of PGP gets integrated into some version of Eudora...then it breaks, the plug-ins stop working, and the folks who did the integration have moved on to some other project. Or someone says "Use Outlook Espresso because it has the only good integration of GPG 8.42!" Feh. There are too many diverse mailers, too many versions of PGP/GPG for this ad hoc integration to work. This is the opposite of the "small tools" approach of Unix--which is also accessible to Windows and Mac users through the "text" approach. For example, through the clipboard approach...which is what I usually use with PGP  anyway. This works with multiple mail systems, word processors, page layout programs, etc. No complicated logistical teams to work on integration...part of what sunk PGP, Inc. was needing the funding to support staffs of integrators and facilitators and As an antidote to this banality, this devolution to the topics of 1993 (actually, not even the _interesting_ topics of '93), I could suggest "read the archives."
But I'll do something different, though reading the archives remains a good thing to do for those who haven't.
Suggestion: Read Hakim Bey's "TAZ" (Temporary Autonomous Zones) book or article. The Ludlow book, "Crypto Anarchy, Cyber-States and Pirate Utopias," available in all major bookstores, has it. Refreshing reading. Densely-written, with no doubt some mixture of LSD-inspired flights of fancy, but a better snapshot of where we're going, and "why we fight," than the crap in physical Cypherpunks meetings about working with the local police to help police cyberspace and the shit about getting graduate degrees in "Policy" so that burrowcrats in Washington can be lobbied more effectively.
(Hint: Faustine, especially, should read "TAZ." And "True Names." And "Ender's Game." And the archives. And the Cyphernomicon. Get beyond the fog of the mundane and see where the degrees of freedom of the Web will take us.)
I'm happy to hear Declan say that the D.C. group is contemplating a name change to something more "cuddly" and less in-your-face. No doubt something like "CryptoRights." Anyone here even _know_ of any D.C. list members, _except_ Declan?  Anyone remember any contributions here in the past four or five years from anyone there? I don't.
I made a rare trip to the D.C. area in the summer of 2000 and tried to see if there was any interest in a small gathering. None. One person said he might be interested, but that traveling the 30 or 40 miles from Baltimore was too much work. (I guess my traveling 60 miles over mountain roads to get to Palo Alto meetings, and 100 miles to get to San Francisco or Berkeley meetings, is foolish.)
If there _is_ a D.C. Cypherpunks group, could've fooled the rest of us. --Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2001-11-19 21:02:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Nuclear Pipe Bombs 
BTW, there's been a lot of recent work on electromagnetic launchers. Accelerating buckets in tubes, using electromagnets. (Outlined in Heinlein's "Moon is a Harsh Mistress," more than 35 years ago. Also outlined in several recent novels, and of course in technical papers on "mass launch" systems.)
An electromagnetic accelerator could accelerate small masses to speeds beyond what explosives could ever accomplish. Imagine the new designs using even less fissionable material (up to certain basic physics limits, of course).
Accelerate a small slug of Californium and splat it against a hard target...ah, now _that's_ a basement nuke!
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2001-11-19 20:37:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Nuclear Pipe Bombs 
As I made clear in my post, it's not _my_ idea. It's one of the standard "basement nuke" proposed designs.
I don't particularly care whether "nuclear terrorist" is added to my dossier by the agents in place here on this list, or by other readers, but I don't want to get credit not due me. Also, I'm not a nuke designer and don't plan to answer questions about neutron crossections, thermal excursions before criticality, etc.
I will mention that Ken Brown's "many pieces along the length of the pipe" is the worst way to do this: it buys nothing over the two pieces approach and it causes all sorts of problems with the pieces getting too hot as they come together on the way down. (For example, the penultimate chunk falling toward the ultimate chunk...likely to already be melting and spraying molten U-235 inside the pipe. Just another fizzle. And fizzles are not very interesting, for reasons I stated. A way too expensive way to spread mere radiological terror, which could be done much more cheaply and easily by taking spent fuel rods and blowing them up, or just by grinding up spent fuel rods or other nuclear waste and then dumping it out of a plane over a city.)
By the way, some calculations are still needed (by basement nuke designers) on what the closing speed needs to be to get a reasonable chain reaction yield. The rough calculations I saw said that a fall from 40 feet, with good tamping behind and all on sides of the masses, would But it would be easy enough to accelerate the falling mass even more. An explosive charge, maybe even a rocket motor.
(The Little Boy nuke was of course a "gun" design. The maker of a basement nuke has the advantage of not having to be portable in even the sense that the Hiroshima (Little Boy) and Nagasaki (Fat Man) nukes were portable-with-a-big-bomber. The basement nuke can be surrounded by lots of shielding (to foil N.E.S.T.), can use lots of tamping material, and can be wasteful in use of fissionables.)
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-11-20 16:42:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Liberating the Phillipine Islands 
And help the narco-nuko-islamo-terrorists in the PI?
I just watched U.S. Defense Secretary and the latest PI chick president talking about the Phillipines on tract to be the next major center of Islamic unrest.
"We are prepared to bomb Manila in order to root out terrorism," he might as well have said.
The U.S. seems to be settling into a comfortable pattern: rolling application of overwhelming high tech power, with the cruise missiles, bombs, and materiel paid for by taxpayers who enjoy the light show on the evening news.
The PI chick prez is promising more cooperation in the war on terrorism, so look for more crackdowns on civil liberties in the PI.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-11-21 22:22:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? 
This "gep2" character is typical of people who don't understand that the First Amendment does not give any power to government to ban such books...or to "follow each and every person," or to get their identities.
Government agents who infringe the Constitution have earned killing.
The part of the article where the government official says such books "should be illegal" is especially telling.
I hope they try to illegalize such books. It will radicalize more people, and maybe hasten the day when festering holes like Washington, D.C. are annihilated.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-11-22 06:02:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: why market to Joe Sixpack? 
I'll take the other side of the argument. Not because I have anything against Joe Sixpack using strong crypto, remailers, anonymous markets, markets for assassinating tyrants, data havens, and all the rest.
* Many have knocked themselves out trying to get the masses to encrypt all of their e-mail...guess what? Most people don't want to jump through hoops to send innocuous messages to their friends. Even more so, fewer of us want to be lectured at that we "should" be using crypto at all * The "sell to the masses" argument is largely why the focus of crypto has been spinning its wheels in issues of "integrating with common programs." Sounds great to do so, except that the fast rate of change of mailers and other programs means the established programs tend to "break" with distressing regularity...with not enough people around (and being paid) to fix the new incompatibilities.
* Worst of all, the "how do we get Joe and Alice Sixpack to use PGP?" focus, and the similar focus for remailers and digital money such as it is, has shifted the efforts into the "millicent ghetto" part of the value of crypto vs. cost of crypto space I have  discussed. Instead of looking at what makes Swiss banks worthwhile for people to fly to Geneva to deal with, we have schemes for people buying things they can buy with cash or with VISA cards just as efficiently. And instead of anoymizing child porn, we have schemes for anonymizing hits on Yahoo's Sports pages. No surprise that the customers who live in this millicent ghetto say "Huh?"
Put bluntly, I don't see sophisticated money traders and offshore bankers beating the drum to get Joe Sixpack using Swiss banks.
How the world might be _different_ or _better_ if crypto and remailer and ecash uses were very widespread is not the issue. The issue is that selling to such users is difficult for many logical reasons and that efforts are better spent developing the technologies and markets in such a way that maybe Joe Sixpack will someday follow.
I am willing to admit that it is possible that Cypherpunk notions could be "driven from the bottom up." but I see no evidence for this. And I see much evidence that the technologies will be adopted by "those who care" (those who have something to hide, in common parlance).
An interesting topic, to be sure.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-11-22 06:08:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Weizmann Institute Amazes World Again 
Sounds like the same DNA computing that Adleman was doing several years Also sounds like the same Ehud Shapiro who used to do some good work in Flat Concurrent Prolog (FCP), a model for much of the work in Joule and A good thing the Department of Hype was brought in to co-author the scientific press releases.
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2001-11-27 03:06:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Anonymizing Scam 
"It seems a hypocritical position for Cypherpunks to
Assuming that John Young speaks for "Cyphepunks" is bizarre.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-11-24 01:31:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Biowar in CT and NY 
One of my favorite novelists is Neslon DeMille ("Word of Honor," "The Gold Coast," etc.). His novel "Plum Island" is set on and around that site, and gives valuable background.
Only scientific illiterates would worry about Brookhaven.
("I saw Meryl Streep on "Oprah" and she was talking about how they smash atoms out there at that Brookhaven place. I mean, like what if some of those pieces of atoms flew out and hit people?")
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-11-26 04:25:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
I strongly doubt this. "Fair use" is not about setting up alternate publishing schemes, but is about quoting relevant sections, collecting material for research purposes, etc.
If it were as broad as you claim, why would _any_ school buy textbooks for its students when it could make a photocopy for a fraction of the cost? Schools could simply digitize textbooks once and then distribute them on CD-ROM.
I'm not a copyright expert, but I strongly doubt what you say above.
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2001-11-25 21:23:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: HDCP break and DMCA 
Why don't people copy hardback books?
Answer: they do! Go to any large copying center near a university and look for "professor packs" or "HistCon 101 Course Materials" consisting of copied material out of various textbooks, hard and soft. The deal is that the student takes the professor pack over to a copy machine and runs off a copy of each of the, for example, 400 pages. The student pays $20 or so and saves himself having to buy 10 books to read one or two chapters or sections out of each. The students are happy, the copy shop is happy, the professor is happy, and only the publishers and authors are unhappy.
This was very common here in Santa Cruz, as recently as several years ago when I was doing a lot of copying of my own papers.
There were signs up about not violating copyright law, but these professor packs were in clear violation.
(Yeah, someone may say "Maybe the professors made an arrangement with the publishers and authors." I give this a vanishingly small chance of being the case in more than 2% of all such "course materials" packs.)
I've heard that national chains, like Kinko's, are less involved in this trade. Deeper pockets, easier to threaten.
(It used to be common at, ironically, the very first Kinko's, in Isla Vista, CA. The year I arrived, ironically.)
As for paperback books being cheaper to copy, I've copied several paperbound books that "cost too much."
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-11-30 22:05:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
I'm writing a response to your long reply to my long article.
(You hadn't responded to my article for some number of days after it appeared, which is fine, but that's why I haven't felt pressured to reply immediately to your reply.)
I'll try to get it out later today or tomorrow.
But so there's no suspense, I'm not claiming a better cryptographic protocol, certainly not involving distributed key registries for nym reputations. It's that whole approach I'm arguing against.
Which I think I argued for reasonably well in the long post. If you or others are not convinced, fine. But I will send off the reply on specific points later, tonight or tomorrow.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:16:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Thanks for the thanks. It's just a facet of what I've been thinking about for a long time. I was bored so I just dashed off the piece, more to help crystallize thoughts than to lay out a convincing case. If others are partly convinced, so much the better. If nothing else, it's my stake in the ground that "reputation capital" is the _wrong_ focus. Since it's thrown around a lot here, someone ought to point out the many limitations of the concept.
This is not really an "array of arrays," just a garden variety n-space. And _not_ a vector space, because vector addition does not work. More of a tensor, in that the axes are independent.
(The canonical tensor being the stress-energy tensor for a solid material, for example. The stress in the X axis and the stress in the Y axis do NOT "vector sum" to some resultant stress.)
Anyway, I digress. I agree that a person may have various of these components. If I am betting on whether Alice will have few spelling mistakes in a post, I would look at her "spelling [0-255]" measure.
Though the place we need shorthand is for ordinary human to human communication, and for this it is enough to just say "Alice is a poor speller" or "Declan writes good articles."
For a machine, maintaining such data bases is trivial. Not that I think this is especially useful.
Think of just one of these facets, one of the most important ones: credit worthiness.
Essentially, the basis of a bet on whether Bob will repay a loan.
Which is why I balk at schemes to grade Cypherpunks posts on the basis of "reputation capital" (an idea which bubbles up every couple of years, though no one ever bothers to implement it).
Each person has his or her own idea of who they want to read, embodied in a) who they read vs. who they skim vs. who they hit "Delete" on, and b) their kill files. And who they write replies to.
The direction I'm going is all about digital money. My claim is that a belief ontology (risk, bets, futures, insurance, moneychanging, re-insurance, discounts, etc.) solves many if not all of the "thorny" problems often cited with digital money. The underlying mathematics, important as it is, just becomes another part of the calculation of It doesn't matter to me much that folks use the term "reputation capital" loosely to describe actual people...that's just wordage. More important is the application of probabalistic reasoning to digital Maybe I'll have something to show along these lines some day.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-11-26 04:11:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
I read that. I thought a better description was the more traditional one: squirrels can learn.
I have no problem being characterized as an "advocate."
But I also agree that many of the media frenzies are about things most clueful people knew were nearly inevitable.
(Just today there was discussion on CNN about how technical papers on cloning may need to be restricted. More forbidden knowledge. Cf. discussions in 1992 on medical information data havens. In the words of the Big Brother fan we heard from recently, "The government should certainly follow and monitor anyone who buys books on cloning.")
--Tim May
"The Constitution is a radical document...it is the job of the government to rein in people's rights." --President William J. Clinton

@_date: 2001-11-25 23:05:18
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
For many years some of us have argued strongly for "reputation" as a core concept. Someone, perhaps even one of our own, even coined the phrase "reputation capital."
Reputation is an easily understandable concept which explains a lot about how imperfect protocols in the real world nevertheless "work." I won't go into what reputation is, even as defined by folks like us.
But there are many aspects of reputation which lead to problems:
1. The assumption that an agent or actor possesses a "reputation." A kind of scalar number attached to a person, a bank, an institution, or even a nym.
2. When in fact different people have different assessments of some agent's reputation. Thus suggesting strongly that reputation is not something attached as simply as above.
3. All of the nonsense about how "Alice's reputation has been harmed," deriving from the faulty notion of this scalar property attached to Aren't we stuck with reputation?
No, a broader ontology of objects and beliefs about them is a better way to go.
The "reputation of the dollar" is related to my belief, and the belief of billions of others around the planet, that for whatever reason a piece of paper with the right markings on it will in fact be accepted by billions of others, by millions of small banks and moneychangers, and even by the U.S. Government. And the related belief that loans, IOUs, promissory notes, bonds, and numerous other instruments denominated in these "dollars" will very likely be accepted or exchanged, blah blah, by millions or billions of other actors. Such is not the case with Monopoly money or even with E-gold.
Thus, what is the "reputation of the dollar"? Is it because of foolproof anti-forgery measures? Is it because of the laws of the U.S.? Etc.?
No, it is a kind of collective hallucination.
Before James Donald freaks out and cites Objectivist arguments that Some Things Are Real, etc., let me point out that "collective hallucination" is mostly a cute phrase. In actuality, our perception of reality is more than just an opium dream. Empiricism, falsifiability, Popper, all that good stuff. But our monetary system is vastly less provably real than the world of atoms and stars is. Because money is fundamentally about bets on the future: will something be exchanged for something else, will governments support what they print, what will the dollar be worth in 5 years, etc.
All crypto is economics. All money is based on belief. All a matter of "betting," of risk/benefit analysis. Related concepts, of course.
Even slightly flawed protocols still "work," given the right embeddings in other systems. (For example, a common flaw cited with remailers is that if there is not enough cover traffic, traceability still exists. But exactly the same flaw exists with money: try getting untraceability with coins if only a few coins exist. Ditto for bearer bonds. Ditto for lots of things  where the "protocol fails for small N" but works reasonably well--in the "betting" sense--when a lot of actors are trading a lot of coins and currency.
The value of a monetary token is NOT something that is determined by precise mathematical protocols. It's a value based on _belief_ or _expectation_ about the behaviors of other actors, and about the future. Currency suspected of being counterfeit may sell for 10 cents on the dollar, to a sophisticated buyer, while currency suspected of being legit may or may not sell for at or near face value. (Even perfectly legit currency would sell at a discount in large quanties, probably, because a buyer would be a money launderer. Hence the discount for risk. That is, a market decision based on the obvious tradeoffs.)
Back to reputations.
Seen as part of a larger ecology of a "market construction of reality," there are no fixed or absolute values, no fixed or absolute truths. Some assertions are "many nines" likely to be true, and some are even constructed to be true (*)
(* As in "2 + 2 = 4," though the streetwise person who says "What's the trick?" is realizing that even "known to be true" assertions may not be true, as in base 3. Magicians and con men have known this for a long Thus, there is no fixed "reputation" of either a person, an idea, or a unit of value. Everything is a matter of belief, of expectation...
Instead of an ontology of objects and their attached methods and property lists, including "reputations" and "monetary values," we should be thinking in terms of these objects as just other actors, with each actor maintaining his own internal model of "possible worlds" (how he thinks the other actors will behave, what he thinks may be future outcomes, what his own goals and expectations are). Seen this way, there is no "reputation" or "value" that is universal. Everything is relative. Everything is seen through the light of internal states/possible worlds.
This is the market view of reality. There is no "Reality." Just ensembles of actors, various facets, incomplete knowledge...all lubricated by betting. Every street kid knows this.
Digital money is just one facet of this worldview.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-11-27 09:10:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
...my entire post snipped....
...his comments at bottom snipped...
Jonathan, could you please not include the entire post and then "bottom post" (add comments at bottom)?
Bandwidth may be getting cheaper, but it remains the best practice to include enough of the original post to establish context, but no more.
Also, your post has MIME cruft.
Thank you.

@_date: 2001-11-27 00:37:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
[I sent this a couple of hours ago, hasn't appeared on my feed, lne.com. Apologies if you get it twice.]
Yes, but this is probably beyond current and foreseeable attacks. I don't dispute that all sorts of advanced attacks are possible, just that the fixes this guy suggested are "much better than doing nothing."
Even _secure_ OSes (KeyCOS, for example) are vulnerable to attacks when physical access is gained...doesn't make it easy, though.
This implies a level of surveillance/commitment beyond what most FBI attacks are at.
More importantly, theft of my iPod would then trigger certain actions. Cancelling my existing key and generation of a new one.
All of these kinds of "they've got your hardware" attacks are present with nearly all systems. All require more work than the simple insertion of a keystroke logger involves. It's all measures and countermeasures.
Paranoia can be a dangerous thing.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:12:53
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
Some interesting tips (bottome of this message) for detecting FBI/SS
snoopware that NAI/McAfee is now assisting the FBI in installing. I especially like the idea of "type hundreds of random key strokes and
see which files increase in size." (Or just look for any file size
changes, as most of us type tens of thousands of keystrokes per day.)
The mathematical side of most encryption is vastly stronger than the
"crypto hygiene" side. There's a reason "code rooms" and "crypto
shacks" on military ships and bases have lots of hoops to jump through,
with locked boxes, double-keyed switches, controlled access, etc.  Most users of PGP take no steps to secure key materials. (I plead
guilty, too.) Most of us are used to immediate access, and we want
crypto integrated with our mail. The notion of going to a locked safe,
taking out the laptop or removable hard drive, ensuring an "air gap"
between the decoding system and the Net, and checking for keyloggers
and hostile code, and so on, is foreign to most of us. The "dongle" idea (e.g., Dallas Semiconductor buttons, etc.) has been
around for a long time. Here's a new twist: the Apple iPod music
player. I just got one. A 4.6 GB hard disk (Toshiba 1.8"). Hooks up via
Firewire/IEEE 1394, with the link recharging the battery and
auto-linking. The disk can also be mounted as a standard Firewire disk.
Meaning, it could be used to store key material and even be used for
PGP scratch operations. The increased security comes from its small
size (easy to lock up) and because I usually have it with me when I am
away from home. This makes "sneak and peek" searches and plants of
malicious code less useful. Not a complete solution. Crypto hygiene and
Here's the article:

@_date: 2001-11-27 01:58:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "It's Proto-Indo-European for "money" " 
German is but one of _many_ descendants of Proto-Indo-European.
My favorite dictionary, the American Heritage Dictionary, has extensive
etymologies tracing to PIE. Note that often the words have Greek and
Latin cognates, meaning in most cases an etymology distinct from German.
Lots of English, Norse, Dutch, and German words have the "gl" sound:
glitter, glisten, glimmer,  gleaming, gloaming, gloss, glow, glower,
gold, guild, guilder, gall, cholera, even Sanskrit words.
Left as an exercise: the PIE origins of "mark" (another common word for
a unit of money), "dollar" (ditto), and "crown." For extra credit,
"peso," "peseta," and variants. For extra extra credit, "florin."
Here's the entry:
ENTRY:	ghel-2
DEFINITION:	To shine; with derivatives referring to colors, bright
materials, gold (probably yellow metal), and bile or gall. Oldest form
*hel-, becoming *ghel- in centum languages.
Derivatives include gold, arsenic, melancholy, Hare Krishna, gleam,
glimpse, and glide.
   I. Words denoting colors. 1. Suffixed form *ghel-wo-. yellow, from
Old English geolu, yellow, from Germanic *gelwaz. 2. Suffixed variant
form *ghl-ro-. chloro-; chlorite1, from Greek khlros, green, greenish
yellow. 3. Suffixed variant form *ghlo-wo-. chloasma, from Greek
khloos (< *khlo-wo-s), greenish color. 4. O-grade form *ghol-. podzol,
from Russian zola, ashes (from their color). 5. Suffixed form *ghel-i-.
Hare Krishna, Harijan, from Sanskrit hari-, tawny yellow. 6. Possibly
suffixed zero-grade form *gh-wo- in Latin fulvus, tawny (with dialectal
f- as in fel, gall): griseofulvin.
   II. Words denoting gold. 1. Suffixed zero-grade form *gh-to-. a.
gold, from Old English gold, gold; b. gild1, from Old English gyldan, to
gild, from Germanic denominative verb *gulthjan; c. guilder, gulden,
from Middle Dutch gulden, golden; d. gowan, from Middle English gollan,
yellow flower, possibly from a source akin to Old Norse gullinn, golden.
ad all from Germanic *gultham, gold. 2. Suffixed o-grade form
*ghol-to-. zloty, from Polish zoto, gold. 3. Suffixed full-grade form
*ghel-no-. arsenic, from Syriac zarnk, orpiment, from Middle Iranian
*zarnik-, from Old Iranian *zarna-, golden.
   III. Words denoting bile. 1. Suffixed o-grade form *ghol-no-. gall1,
from Old English gealla, gall, from Germanic *galln-, bile. 2. Suffixed
o-grade form *ghol--. chole-, choler, cholera; acholia, melancholy, from
Greek khol, bile. 3. Suffixed full-grade form *ghel-n-. felon2, from
Latin fel, bile.
   IV. A range of Germanic words (where no preforms are given, the words
are late creations). 1. gleam, from Old English glm, bright light,
gleam, from Germanic *glaimiz. 2. glimpse, from Middle English glimsen,
to glimpse, from a source akin to Middle High German glimsen, to gleam.
3. glint, from Middle English glent, a glint, and glenten, to shine,
from a source akin to Swedish dialectal glinta, to shine. 4. glimmer,
from Middle English glimeren, to glimmer, from a source akin to Swedish
glimra, glimmer. 5. glitter, from Old Norse glitra, to shine. 6. glitz,
from Old High German glzan, to sparkle. 7. glisten, from Old English
glisnian, to shine. 8. glister, from Middle Dutch glinsteren or Middle
Low German glisteren, to shine. 9. glass, glaze, glazier, from Old
English glfs, glass, from Germanic *glasam, glass. 10. glare1, from
Middle English glaren, to glitter, stare, from a source akin to Middle
Low German glaren, to glisten, from Germanic *glaz-. 11. gloss1, from a
source perhaps akin to Icelandic glossi, a spark. 12. glance2, from Old
High German glanz, bright. 13. gleg, from Old Norse glvggr,
clear-sighted. 14. glad1, from Old English glfd, shining, joyful, from
Germanic *gladaz. 15. glee; gleeman, from Old English glo, sport,
merriment, from Germanic *gleujam. 16a. gleed, from Old English gld,
ember; b. glogg, from Old Norse glodh, ember. Both a and b from Germanic
*gl-di-. 17a. glow, from Old English glwan, to glow; b. glower, from
Middle English gloren, to gleam, stare, probably from a source akin to
Norwegian dialectal glora, to gleam, stare; c. gloat, from a source
perhaps akin to Old Norse glotta, to smile (scornfully). ac all from
Germanic *gl-. 18. gloaming, from Old English glm, twilight, from
Germanic *gl-m-. 19. Possibly distantly related to this root is Germanic
*gldan, to glide. a. glide, from Old English gldan, to slip, glide; b.
glissade, from Old French glier, to glide; c. glitch, from Old High
German gltan, to glide; d. glede, from Old English glida, kite (<
gliding, hovering bird), from derivative Germanic *glidn-. 20. glib,
from a source possibly akin to Middle Low German glibberich, slippery.
(Pokorny 1. hel- 429.)
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only
exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from
the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for
the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with
the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy
always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-11-29 22:19:44
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Rumors of the death of Cypherpunks are greatly exaggerated 
The article is not a bad one, and actually makes some good points. Predictably, the headline is lurid and derogatory.
Fact is, lists and other fora have lifecycles just like anything else. The peak for the list was no doubt in the 1993-4 period, when Clipper was hot news, and when many ideas were being exposed to lots of others for the first time. By 1995, there were already schism lists forming, lists with allegedly higher-minded goals. And the original focus of the list, the deployment of various crypto protocols, began to drift into areas of copyright issues, legal battles, and weirdnesses from Parker, Bell, Vulis, and others. Other lists also covered much of the same material, and some no doubt flocked to the "moderated" forums maintained by Lewis McCarthy (who?), Perry Metzger, Declan McCullagh, and others.
Not for me. I favor not having some nanny deciding what I can post.
(Eric Murray's lne.com policies I have nothing against. In fact, he implemented his list shortly after I posted an article outlining similar reasonable policies: only subscribers to one of the CDR lists have their articles go through, plus all articles through remailers. This should, and did, cut out 98% of the spam and "hit and run" posts.)
As for John Gilmore, I wish him the best. But let us face reality: John was never an active poster on the list even in the 1992-94 period. Check the archives if you doubt me. No doubt he had other projects occupying this time. But let's not kid ourselves that it was "his" list. In fact, the genesis of the mailing list took place on the Sunday after the Saturday original Cypherpunks gathering. Eric Hughes, Hugh Daniel, and I were walking to a Noah's Bagel in Oakland and talking about how to keep the spirit of the previous day's meeting going. Eric or Hugh suggested a mailing list, and Hugh said he could set it up to run on some machine or another, probably the Hoptoad machine that John Gilmore owned. John gave his permission and the list started about a week or two after the first Anyway, to those who wander away because the owner of "toad.com," a site that is not even part of the regular CDR system, declares us irrelevant I have just one message: good riddance.
I don't expect the list to ever have the significance it had in the glory years, but I find it a better mix of topics than most other lists. Fact is, most other lists are the private fiefdoms of their owners, whether Lewispunks (coderpunks) or Perrypunks (cryptography) or one of any number of other such lists ("Interesting People," "Politech," etc.).
And several of these lists are avowedly "non-political." How absurd. What's the point of a crypto list if there's no political angle? Yeah, maybe a handful of people want to chat about pure math and programming tricks...but not a lot, judging by the very low volumes of such discussions even on the "non-political" lists. And without political issues, what's the motivation to even talk about remailers, data havens, digital cash, etc.?
Fact is, a _lot_ of people on all lists, on the Net, are losing sight of "why we fight."
While we don't need politics of the Democrat vs. Republican kind, or even the libertarian vs. socialist kind, without some goals about where crypto can take us there is not much left except obscure debates about Rijndael and elliptic curves and other applied number theory obscuria.
One of the lifecycle aspects of all lists is boredom. Those who found the Cypherpunks ideas exciting in 1994 moved on a few years later. Some joined companies, some even formed companies.
All predictable.
The fact that John is now pulling the plug is one of the few surprises of recent years....I thought his site at toad had gone away several years ago! That's when he announced he was shutting it down. That he let it dribble on a dumping ground for those not smart enough to find the cyberpass.net, algebra.com, sunder.net, lne.com, or Choate's site doesn't mean his node was "the list."
The more things change...
So, I wish him well. I am thankful that he let Hugh Daniel host the list on one of his machines in the 1992-96 period. But rumors of the death of Cypherpunks are greatly exaggerated.
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-11-30 00:53:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: fuel injected firearm 
H&K was a prime contractor on the "caseless ammunition" system being considered for a bullpup rifle to replace the .223 variants. Fired three flechette-like projectiles, no case. (Cases add weight, and in principle one could dispense with them.)
In principle one could also do what you are suggesting, by adding the incendiary ingredient, the oxiding ingredient, and the projectile all separately. I don't see a lot of advantages to this, as then running out of any one of the three means the remaining items are useless deadweight. Makes more sense to combine the three, whether in a conventional cartridge or in the caseless system. That guarantees all three are in equal supply, and in the right stoichiometric ratio, and also allows for better quality control (that is, cartridge makers spend a lot of effort fine-tuning the geometries and mixes).
If you mean something that runs on fairly conventional fuel, such as diesel or gasoline or alcohol, t's unlikely that enough muzzle velocity will be achievable in a reasonable-length barrel.
I did see a GyroJet pistol once. A rocket pistol, firing little rockets.  Early 60s. Very expensive. And suffered from the fact that each little rocket had to accelerate up to speed. Lots of chance for the target to move. Chief advantage was next to no recoil. Which is why rocket designs tend to be used with man-fired heavier pieces, e.g., RPGs, Redeyes, Stingers, etc.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-11-30 16:21:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com - Bush defends tribunals, saying 'we're at war' 
Quite interesting the language they keep using: "Terrorists don't have The 1200 persons detained without due process, without habeas corpus, for close to three months, are presumed to be "terrorists" and thus are denied the rights guaranteed by the Constitution.
(Note that the C. does _not_ say these rights are held by citizens. It says these rights existed _prior_ to the writing and ratification of the Constitution and apply to everyone. There are a few rights, such as voting, which are spelled out as applying to citizens above a certain age (varies according to Congress' whims), and so on, but it is clear which rights these are. To see this, imagine if it were decreed that only legal citizens who are not felons could practice a particular religion. Or could publish their ideas. Slam dunk violations of the First, regardless of citizenship status.)
The police state measures rushed into law by Congress will be used to suppress dissidents long after this war is over.
The one good thing about this action is that we won't have to hear from Congressvarmints complaining about some radical chick (not to be confused with radical chic) in Columbia given a secret military trial...we're now doing the same thing to our Constitution-spouting ObBeckett: "Will no one rid us of that accursed city on the Potomac?"
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-11-30 15:47:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: libertarian vs. socialist 
You need to get back on your medications.
But thanks for helping with my defense: "Tim Im posting articles under your name at Indymedia."
Persecutor: "Mr. May, did you write these words?"
Me: "I don't know. Other people post things under my name. I really can't say for sure whether I wrote those words. What did the digital signature say?"
(Note in general: Even without the forgeries from Detweiler, and now this admission from "mattd," I expect that if asked if I wrote something I would say "I don't know." Without checking my own archives, it would be hard to know if something attributed to me was actually written by me, was a clever forgery, or was a satirical forgery. It's why digital signatures, with flaws of their own, exist. And it's why I don't sign. A signature is giving away something of value, to a prosecutor in this --Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2001-11-30 05:51:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: libertarian vs. socialist 
Fair Warning: I never, that I recall, responded to some of the inanities here that got a few people prosecuted. I think that this save me from being subpoenaed. I will respond below to the "mattd" rainman because I choose to. And if it results in a subpoena for me to fly to Australia for some trial, I will of course ignore it.
I have no idea who you really are, "mattd," except that I hear you deface McDonald's restaurants and may or may not be under indictment or whatever by the Australian cops. Your calls to have George Bush Jr. killed have likely drawn interest from the polizei.  From your posts here, you look to have the same mental state that C.J. Parker had/has, and that maybe other have. To wit: fragmented sentences, discombobulated logic, weird juxtapositions of words. I'm beginning to think there's a "Rainman Syndrome" at work.
But in the event that you are not too addled to think straight, the very idea of a "libertarian socialist" is an oxymoron.
It doesn't compute.
Sure, we are "libertarian socialists" in a sense within our families or circles of friends, in a manner of speaking, but we are not coerced by external agents to be nice, or socialist, to our family and friends. Therein lies the reason why "libertarian socialist" is such an oxymoron.
If you think about this in a lucid period, you will realize why this is --Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:44:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Trying again (Re: failure notice) 
============================== START ==============================
Attempting to get this through. About half of the messages I have tried to send to lne.com have failed with this error, the same reported by others. Some of these I have resent, others I have just let sit in my error box.
I value lne.com a lot, but the various weirdnesses (e.g., 24 hours without any messages, then a burst of them, and these bounces) may cause me to switch to some other node.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-12-31 20:21:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: jamesd,Tim Mays lying black dog. 
I guess "irony" is not a defined word in Choate Prime.
Nor the subjunctive.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2001-12-29 17:27:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The idiocy of Choate 
As others have remarked, Choate simply has no clue how even the Cypherpunks remailers of 1992 work(ed).
That he thinks "having to know all the steps" is a bad idea tells me he is just too clueless to have ever been taken seriously, even for a few months, here on this list.
An old girlfriend of mine grasped the idea of envelopes-within-envelopes and how the security of the remailer chain depended on the sender deciding on a list of intermediate steps and then encrypting each nested envelope appropriately.
"The sender should at most be able to set the number of remailers, not which ones. " is one of the stupidest comments I have ever seen on this This has been Cypherpunks kindergarten material for a decade (and many of us knew it years earlier).
--Tim May
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-12-29 17:20:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: VANGUARD: Actions Have Consequences:  or, How to Advance 
I'm not surprised that Choate did this.
However, Bill, I _am_ surprised that you top-posted and included the entire long spam article in your reply here.
(I have snipped it.)
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2001-12-28 04:10:31
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Scannerpunks versus the Empire 
Tough to do NAA on a living person. Likewise for getting a sample from the inside of someone for mass spec.
All of these scanning technologies are ultra-expensive. Even for hospitals, where such scans routinely cost thousands of dollars. While a security scan may be faster (less analysis by doctors...), and while there may be economies of scale (as the number of scans jumps from hospital-type numbers to airline-travel-type numbers), the math is clear: deploying an arsenal of NMR scans, x-ray body scans (lawsuit issues, too), etc. will not be economically feasible. People will stop traveling by air unless absolutely necessary, which will accomplish  the effect the terrorists sought.
There are dozens of explanations on the Web. I can't imagine anyone knowledgeable will write such an article for you, though I could be wrong. For one thing, time. For another, relevance, as we are not Speaking of the U.S. having "won" the opportunity to become an empire, why not think about alternatives?
I can imagine that a North American continent operating as roughly 5-15 regional states, each trading freely with each other, with none of them sending gunboats to far off shores and none of them sending taxpayer monies to prop up dictatorships and satrapies would be an improvement. My own state, California, is already the sixth largest economy in the world. (Before someone jumps in with a claim that the only reason California thrives and can trade with China and Japan and Mexico and so on is because the U.S. government intervened in past European and Asian war and now sends $5 billion a year to prop up Israel, I don't believe it. We can debate one specific war, WW II, as a separate issue. Even that war could have been fought from this side of the oceans with 5-15 regional states, if necessary.)
Empire is not necessary. Empire brings on precisely the foreign engagements that Washington warned us to avoid. Empire  brings on "peace keeping troops" in far-away lands...and attacks like 911. Empire will eventually get us nuked.
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-12-26 01:51:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Illusional delusions 
I didn't read far enough into BU's piece to see him asking such a silly question, or I would have also offered S&P and D&B as examples. "Foobarcorp's rating has been lowered from AAA to AA." Like it or not, they are in the business of reputation rating.
So is a Notary Public. So is a restaurant reviewer in a newspaper. So are Siskel and Ebert, er, Ebert and That New Guy.
So are the kosher meat dudes who stamp "Kosher" on food approved for consumption by Jews.
So are the "PC Labs" and other reviewers of new PC hardware.
We are swimming in a sea of such reputation services, just as we are swimming in what is basically an anarchic ocean.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-12-26 00:25:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Time to unsubscribe... 
I use two kinds of filtering:
1. Mail filters. For nearly 10 years, I used Eudora and Eudora Pro. Now I am using OS X Mail, but may switch to Entourage (packaged with Microsoft Office). All of these mail filters are incredibly easy to learn to use. (Being that OS X is largely FreeBSD, I'm sure I could use regular expression filtering, but so far, no need.)
2. Eric Murray's lne.com node, which filters out any source not subscribed to the list, basically.
Choate and mattd get filtered into the trash by my own filters, though I can see their posts in the garbage if I get bored. (Also, mattd doesn't consistently filter into the trash properly...no idea why. If I manually run the filters, it works.)
Filtering mail is a necessity these days.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2001-12-25 21:07:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Stats (was: Swiss Bank in a Box) 
And importantly, _suspicion_ is not enough for conviction or even search warrants. (In most cases.)
Remember that when the Church of Scientology got the Finnish courts to force Julf to reveal the nym that was bothering the Church, the trail led back to a conventional CP remailer at C2Net, which kept no records. The trail went ice cold there.
We can all get paranoid and say that our use of remailers puts us into the "Group Under Suspicion," but, as James says, even the existing network of remailers does a good job of killing traceability.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2001-12-24 17:41:43
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "Shoes for industry!" 
"Shoes for industry!"
The general point is that it is going to be very difficult to stop persons willing to die in their acts from carrying them out. Planes are very fragile things and explosives can be formed into ordinary-looking objects (cases of computers, coffee mugs, belt buckles, etc.) and with very little vapor emission (smell).
Chemical timers even let bombers get away (acid eating through something in a sealed ampoule...).
An attacker who opens an aircraft emergency door in flight could also do a lot of damage (to the airline and travel industry, if nothing else).
Fact is, soft targets abound.
There are solutions, but not necessarily the police state measures now unfolding. We talked about this a lot after 911.
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2001-12-22 21:37:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "True Names" 
I've written about this book, and my contribution, in the past. Briefly, I was contacted by Vernor and Jim several years ago, asked to write a chapter, did so in a rushed 10-day period over Xmas 1996, and then....nothing. Nothing for several years, until Jim contacted me a few months ago and said the book was "On" again and that I needed to make some galley page corrections in the next 36 hours! "Hurry up and wait," Jim had made some edits, which I didn't object to. I checked the galleys and made a few changes...I haven't checked my copy to see if he accepted by changes (in some cases, my changes to his changes).
It's done, and that's that. I doubt it will change the world.
The "fork in the road" metaphor comes from my strong liking for geometrical/picture/map thinkiing (which I can't express here in ASCII very well, except through talking about paths, spaces, XY plots of cost/benefit, millicent ghettoes, sweet spots, and other things better expressed in the form of chalkboard drawings).
I don't want to recount what I wrote in "True Nyms," so I won't. People should read it if they want to see what I said then. And it's worth the $12-15 just to get Vernor's novella (earlier publications are going for absurd levels on Ebay and Amazon).
I expect we are on the "liberty" or "crypto anarchy" side of the fork in terms of basic speech (or encrypted speech, which is the same thing). However, we are on the other fork, the fork toward statism, on the "money" side. Now, a plausible argument can be made that "all money is speech," that is, what one spends money on is protected speech (vis-a-vis the U.S. Constitution, and vis-a-vis "normal market anarchies" in Indonesia, Russia, Afghanistan, etc.).
However, the Authorities seem to think that our money is _their_ money, and are severely restricting how we spend our money. Speak politically incorrect words and one may find one's bank accounts frozen under the PATRIOT Act. And so on. I don't need to fill in the details.
It  goes without saying that anyone attempting a real digital cash system must do so with no traceable nexus to himself, his programmers, his assets, or his physical nexus. Freezing of assets under earlier FinCEN and money-laundering laws would be the least of his worries.
I don't disagree with your view. The nature of the upcoming battle is becoming clear. This is one reason I have been hoping in recent years that someone simply wipes out Washington, D.C. Vaporizing the millions of statists and liberal fascists who work in that viper pit would be a public good. If some innocents die, big deal. They should get out while they can. If they don't, think of it as evolution in action.
Don't forget that WD I was lost by the statist side: Prohbition was eventually repealed, with folks dancing in the streets in ways similar to the way Afghanis are dancing in the streets as the Taliban were defeated. WD 2 is still underway, but the proles are getting restless at the costs, the suppression of liberties, and the jailing of their sons and daughters.
Again, the vaporization of Greater Washington would go a long way toward ending this War on (Some) Drugs. Let's just hope the reports that UBL and Al Quida smuggled two RP-59 suitcase nukes  to the West are correct.
--Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-12-05 16:07:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Fwd: Untraceable money now more than ever! 
[Retransmission. Due to periodic problems with lne.com, I started
sending my messages to ssz.com a few days ago. Alas, ssz.com has had an
outage. Hence these retransmissions. Sorry for any dupes.]
Begin forwarded message:
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only
exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from
the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for
the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with
the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy
always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-12-04 04:21:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Bookstores and von Mises - was: fuel injected firearm 
Well, "Marx for Dummies" has been the best-selling economics textbook for something like 40 years, through at least 7 or 9 editions.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2001-12-02 03:52:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Journalists to be treated as terrorists 
Mugabe said it, based on reporting last night on CNN. (Not a word for word quote, but faithful to the meaning.)
Bush might well have said it, as more and more classes of people are now classed as "terrorists," the new pass phrase to the Constitution.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-12-01 21:46:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
If there is a "universally agreed upon value" for something, and someone values it differently, is it still "universal"?
What there may be are market-clearing prices, in various markets and at various times, but this has nothing to do with "universally agreed-upon --Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2001-12-01 05:00:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Celebrate Bill of Rights Day in Denver (fwd) 
Garden variety "civil disobedience." The Feds love it because it shows why more gun laws are needed. And they don't have to do the jail time, or pay for the trial (taxpayers do), or face any threat of imprisonment no matter how the trial verdict turns out.
More interesting would be:
"Rick Stanley says he intends to defend his rights by shooting anyone who tries to disarm him."
Yet more interesting:
"Rick Stanley will be backed up by snipers around the Capitol building, who will shoot to kill anyone who approaches Mr. Stanley with the intent of disarming him."
Even more interesting:
"A Colorado person has placed a $20,000 ecash reward in escrow for anyone who can prove he killed a Fed attempting to violate the Second Amendment rights of a Colorado resident."
But a garden-variety "I will be arrested" gig is not interesting or --Tim May
"Aren't cats Libertarian? They just want to be left alone.
I think our dog is a Democrat, as he is always looking for a handout"  --Unknown Usenet Poster

@_date: 2001-12-01 07:51:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Journalists to be treated as terrorists 
"The President announced today that journalists working against the interests of the people and filing false reports will be treated as terrorists and  subject to severe punishment."
a) President Bush of the U.S.A.
b) President Mugabe of Zimbabwe.
c) Both of them.
--Tim May
"The Constitution is a radical document...it is the job of the government to rein in people's rights." --President William J. Clinton

@_date: 2001-12-04 02:09:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Reputation of a Reputation 
By the way, a topic I talked about a month or two ago, the bogus nature of the _Economics_ prize, has been in the news. Some of the descendants of the Nobel family want the Economics prize to have no connection to the name "Nobel."
Their claim is that Alfred Nobel didn't create or fund the prize, so why is it called "Nobel"?
I think the subtext is that the Econ prize is trivializing the other "Economists win for "lemon analysis"" does not quite compare with discovering basic laws of physics or chemistry, for example.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2001-12-03 18:17:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Reputation of a Reputation 
This is "the reputation of a reputation."
As soon as people tumble to the fact that "Tom Clancy" has sold his nym/reputation to some hack writer, that is, let them put his name on their words, then the reputation of "Tom Clancy" falls.
Nothing new here. "Fisher" was a respected (high reputation) name in stereo equipment. (I don't like the term "reputation," due to issues I've discussed here, but I'm using it in the commonly understood sense.)
The name Fisher was bought by a Taiwan maker of equipment, and one can now see "Fisher" on boxes at Costco and Best Buy.
Draw your own conclusions. My own sense is that no one is fooled: those young enough not to know what "Fisher" once was don't care. Those old enough to know aren't fooled. I expect the brand name Fisher sold for very little money, reflecting all of these issues.
Lots of issues here. I'm still composing a longer essay in response to Wei Dai's and others' points. Some delays.
--Tim May
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2001-12-04 17:25:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Russian Manifesto, long and probably useless 
This matches everything I have seen about Russia. It simply is implausible that "corruption and inefficiency means more opportunities for economies behind their backs" (to summarize the argument).
What Russia shows is that privatizing a state-run economy is difficult indeed. Gazprom, the big gas and energy company, is a case in point. There was no "free market" to acquire the resources of this "privatized" company: the thugs and apparatchniks (sp?) grabbed the company. And they are willing to use former KGB, GRU, and Spetsnaz killers to enforce their monopoly.
What about non-heavy industry? Television, for example? Read about the ongoing shutdown of Moscow independent stations and networks, on flimsy grounds having the _language_ of capitalism (stuff about "loan default") but actually being just part of the thugocracy approach. (The U.S. is not blameless here. Our own FCC applies similar rules sometimes to block stations. And woe unto any Islamic broadcaster, where the new language is that the First Amendment does not apply to "hate speech" or "speech insulting to other religions." At this rate, the long-awaited convergence of Russia and America is not far off.)
Russia as a haven for Havenco? For digital money? For e-commerce?
--Tim May
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2001-12-04 16:56:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Reputation capital 
This is naive. Credit bureaus handle only a particular class of reputations, certain types of credit-worthiness, and then with well-documented deep flaws:

@_date: 2001-12-05 16:07:47
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Fwd: Reputation capital 
[Retransmission. Due to periodic problems with lne.com, I started sending my messages to ssz.com a few days ago. Alas, ssz.com has had an outage. Hence these retransmissions. Sorry for any dupes.]
Begin forwarded message:
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2001-12-05 16:08:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Fwd: Russian Manifesto, long and probably useless 
[Retransmission. Due to periodic problems with lne.com, I started sending my messages to ssz.com a few days ago. Alas, ssz.com has had an outage. Hence these retransmissions. Sorry for any dupes.]
Begin forwarded message:
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2001-12-11 19:12:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Google Expands Usenet Archive to 20 Years 
Yes, it's great to see Google finally get around to doing what DejaNews said would be done.
Interestingly, I see a January 1992 use of the term "cypherpunks":
This predates Jude Milhon's naming of our list by about 9 months. And the earlier reference was not in the same context. Still, interesting.
A search on "cypherpunk" gives a history of the term and the early meetings at the Hackers Conference, the early CP meetings, etc.:
The first mention of "cryptoanarchy" (the spelling I used then)  is in a 9 January 1991 post from John Gilmore, citing my item on cryptoanarchy at the 1990 Hackers Conference:
Cryptology, Computer Networks, and Big Brother
Tim May
slide presentation
(I wrote "The Cryptoanarchist Manifesto" for the 1988 Crypto Conference, where it was privately distributed to a few folks. I'd been using the term in talks around the Bay Area for several months prior to this, e.g., in a talk with Marc Stiegler, Phil Salin, Jim Bennett, Dave Ross, Chip Morningstar, Randy Farmer, and some others.)
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2001-12-12 06:39:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
The article was not completely silent on speculations about FBI/LEA efforts: Magic Lantern was mentioned as a way to get the keys.
I'd guess that remops are likely targets for future "sneak and peek" black bag jobs. Warrants are no longer needed, say the criminals in D.C. (though the Constitution differs).
Packet sniffers are another approach. Remember that we have Shimomura's own words that he was working on such sniffers for various intelligence agencie back during the Mitnick affair.
Correlation analysis remains promising. Messages go in, messages leave. Without sufficient traffic to get the N^M entropy, imagine what sophisticate statistical analysis does to establish probable mappings.
As we (again) discussed at this past Saturday's physical meeting, in Santa Cruz, a sparse set of users and messages is almost a toy system. Remailer traffic needs to go up by a large factor, whether actual messages or dummy messages. Remailers need to be more robust (uptime, strong policies)  and need to be incentivized (paid remailers, an old A chicken or egg situation? Ideally, simultaneous development...plenty of precedents for market forces pushing stronger products that customers are willing to pay for.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2001-12-12 06:27:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
The Kleinpaste/Julf anonymizing service had been in operation, widely, since 1991-2, before Cypherpunks, yes.
The CNN article is enormously misleading in many areas. The suggestiong that Lance Cottrell used the Julf experience to add nested encryption is false. The URL you quote above is one of the most detailed histories of remailers, even if I do say so myself. (Thanks for reminding me/us of  From your recollection of what you said to the reporter, it looks like the misunderstanding came from his thinking that the actual Penet failure was what triggered the modern remailer approach, when in fact you meant "these problems" in the sense that Chaum and others (us) realized the obvious limitations of "anonymity services."
And apparently the reporter then spun a story about how Lance Cottrell then invented message nesting, etc., all after the Penet failure. This is completely backwards. (It's not just the inaccuracy, or giving Lance too much credit...it's also that it makes it look as if we missed something so utterly obvious, that we were blindsided by the legal attack. Not so. And Chaum  knew this at least as far back as '81.)
In the big scheme of things, maybe no one who matters will read the CNN article. But it is false history and should be refuted. If not refuted, future historians who write about this interesting period may use it as primary source material.
If it isn't apparent, I make these points to correct the record, not to criticize Len, Lance, Julf, or anyone else. But as the URL above points out, we were fully aware of the problems with Kleinpaste/Julf-style services and knew they were neither interesting from our point of view or a stable basis for what we were seeking to build.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2001-12-12 03:02:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: CNN.com on Remailers 
This article is so deeply flawed as to be laughable. Part of the article is quoted below, with my comments/corrections in brackets.
'In 1993, the Finns developed an anonymous e-mail system that stripped off the identification of an e-mail's sender before forwarding it to the [No, Karl Kleinpaste developed the original software and deployed it in 1991-2. Julf H. took it over and modified it later. Not "the Finns," but "an American and then a Finn."]
Anon.penet.fi was especially popular among devotees of Usenet newsgroups, text-based bulletin boards that preceded the World Wide Web.
A major flaw was revealed in 1995, however, when the Church of Scientology learned of a user who used Anon.penet.fi to post internal church documents -- and contacted police.
Because the single remailer relied on a database to match the sender's Internet address with the message, the courts simply ordered Hensingius to reveal the identity of the sender. He shut down the service in 1996.
"That prompted a bunch of programmers to rethink how they wanted to do remailers," said Sassaman.
Now, messages are bounced from machine to machine. In order to find the original sender, authorities would have to work through an entire chain of remailers, many likely located in different countries.
[The "prompted a bunch of programmers to rethink" comment has it all backwards. Chained remailers were deployed in 1992. The theory was known from Chaum's 1981 paper, and the flaws in the Kremvax/Kleinpaste/Julf/Penet type of approach were widely known: this was why chained remailers, in multiple jurisdictions, were deployed. Hal Finney wrote the first code for this, building on the Perl/Sendmail scripts Eric Hughes had already released.]
[I don't expect detailed perfection in journalism, but this article scrambles the causal order substantially. We _knew_ of the severe limitations to "trust me"-based mail resenders long before, years before, the limitations were revealed. And, the reason the Scientologists were unable to track down the source of the NOTS docs is that the court order to reveal the author only produced the C2Net Cypherpunks-style source, which COULD NOT be traced back further!!!!! This is a slam dunk refutation of the author's chronology above. By the way, when C2Net decided to get out of the remailing business, they sold or otherwise transferred the technology to Lance Cottrell. Not to take anything away from Lance, but let's not let this kind of bad history go without correction.]
--Tim May

@_date: 2001-12-14 04:58:47
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Who Am I Anyway? 
Seems to me there are more interesting things to spend time on than refuting Choate.
Item: There are huge numbers of reported cases (no, I don't have URLs, but I have heard testimonials directly, for example) of guys who lied about their ages to enlist. (Some later rose high in the ranks...). This is hard to do if a birth certificate is "required." I take this as strong evidence that birth certificates were not universally required, probably not even _usually_ required.
Item: Many hobos, drifters, and the like enlisted. Not a lot of them were in contact with their birth towns, or even knew where there birth towns were. I doubt many of them ever managed to get a copy of their birth certificates.
Item: Assumed names were, and still are to some extent, common in America. I doubt many able-bodied men were turned down for military service just because they'd changed their name one or more times.
Of course, in Choate Prime, the reality sometimes parallel to our own, but usually not, men routinely avoided the draft by the simple stratagem of not remembering where their mothers said they were born, thus making getting a birth certificate impossible. "Sorry, I have no idea where I was born. Momma says we moved around a lot. So I can't get a birth certificate. Be seein' ya!"
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-12-19 04:04:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Libertarian Party considered harmful 
[entire article by Goldberg and introductory comments by Gaylor snipped, due to their boring nature]
I bogged down about a third of the way into Goldberg's article. It reminded me of why I was so bored at the one and only Libertarian Party State Convention I attended (in California, circa 1991. Russell Means was the only interesting speaker. The rest were beyond merely boring.)
This kind of "debate" amongst apologists is why the Cypherpunks exist.
I hope more people read this essay so that more of them will give up on the Libertarian Party.
(If it matters to anyone, I voted for John Hospers in 1972 and I debated the Nolan Chart wth that very guy. Lots of libertoonians here in California. I met David Friedman in 1974. I tend to call myself a libertarian, when I'm not calling myself an anarcho-capitalist, but the Libertarian Party qua Party is utterly irrelevant and boring. Lots of nerdy clerks nattering about natural rights and quoting Rothbard. Gag!)
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-12-19 08:21:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Steal This Essay 1: Content Is a Pure Public Good 
This guy's essay is really good. And it only took him a few minutes!
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2001-12-22 22:19:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
I strongly endorse this post. It says things I have been planning to put into a post.
A few comments, but the original left unsnipped so it can be read in full as part of my post.
This sounds about right. Pr0duct Cypher, whoever he was/is, gave us a crude form of digital cash almost 9 years ago. Chaum had a team of N (probably 3-8 at any given time, over 10+ years) working on various levels of digital cash implementation. However, Chaum was hobbled in various ways, and a smaller team could probably do it.
Why don't certain indviduals, like moi, fund digital cash? Several 1. As James notes, a dot com business would consume a few million dollars. Absent a concrete business plan, and funded only by the funder, this would mean about twice that in stocks and investments would have to be sold to fund the "few million dollars" to (maybe) complete the 2. Even with a few million in dot com funds, or several million in investments liquidated to generate the few million, no guarantee of success. Besides the fact that Chaum's company apparently spent upwards of ten million dollars, nothing significant came out of it (and he had all the patents, all the cachet). I watched the Xanadu and AMIX groups spend a huge amount of money. Fine people, moslty, but they missed the boat. (Had some person liquidated $15 million in order to fund a $7 million Xanadu effort, I'd say they have a right to be pissed that little came out of it except some joking business cards reading "Chief Ontologist and Bottle Washer" and things like that. Don't get me wrong: a lot of the Xanadu and AMIX folks are my friends, but I watched them blow throw many millions of dollars in salaries and rentals and office space with almost nothing to show for it.)
(Side Note: And then there's ZKS, which apparently (according to estimates I have read) raised upwards of $60 million. A staff of 200 at one point, with latte and chai bars and hot tubs and all the rest of the dot.com shtick. And now, what? They tried reinventing themselves as some soft of "privacy consulting" firm. Maybe a few bucks in that, but I expect most of that $60 million has evaporated. And for individual  investors, it would take liquidating and paying taxes on $100 million in assets to raise this amount of investment capital...)
3. Anyone funding this kind of effort had better do it very anonymously. Big Brother is constantly expanding the boundaries of the conspiracy laws, and the civil courts will also be called on to avenge any financial losses by supposedly aggrieved rights holders. While I have no idea who "James Donald" really is, he'd better be even more untraceable than he is now if he introduces a system which can by any interpretation "aid the Evil Doers and do harm to the children."
Way too much focus has been put on making money. Not that there is anything wrong with making money. But too many people have tended to think that if they have even a glimmering of an idea, that a start-up is the way to finance their explorations. Not surprisingly, most of these developmental companies have failed miserably.
(Useful to look at companies which have succeeded. Sun commercialized, with Stanford's permission and partial ownership, the Stanford University Network (SUN). Cisco commercialized some networking systems _also_ deployed at Stanford. A moral here. Ebay went after the low-hanging fruit of computerizing simple classified ads and adding auctions (even as my friends at AMIX had earlier been working on more sophisticated versions of Hayekian agoric markets...thus missing the Pez This is my fear as well.
Even _donating_ to such a development effort can expose one's assets to seizure. (Pace the recent seizures of pro-Palestine contributors. In Amerika, your money is not really your own anymore.)
People with assets could flee the country, renounce, blah blah, and maybe, if the Feds let the assets escape the country, have the funds and the freedom to fund such an effort.
But what would they get? Only a handful of people seem to have the skills to independently develop digital cash.
The chances are very good that the effort would be by some people who really didn't know what they were doing, who spent their time shopping for Herman Miller chairs and espresso machines for the company entertainment pod, and who basically were drones.  We've seen it happen a dozen times.
Is there any hope at all?
Yes. The best work has always been done by one or two people at a time. This applies to software as well.  (Not so much to chips anymore, at least not for the past 20 years. Another topic.)
A person with the dedication and skill of a Stallman could probably implement digital cash without having the Herman Miller chairs, the hot tub up on the roof of the office building, the staff of marketdroids, and the espresso machines.
There's some hope.
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2001-12-20 07:33:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
Indeed, we can talk about how money affects liability another time. (But I will add that many people here and on the Net have a wrong-headed notion that "if you don't charge money, you are protected." This doesn't work with software piracy cases, this doesn't work with trespassing in physical or cyberspaces, and so on. "Not charging money" is not the cloak of protection some seem to think it is.)
Yes, coupons or tokens (like subway tokens, like casino chips, though these are not the same thing) can be used in ways that  don't require "true digital money" (say what? I will argue later that "true digital money" is a misleading meme).
Even Magic Money (circa 1993, Pr0duct Cypher) or Tacky Tokens (approx. ditto) would be an interesting experiment.
Even tokens _specific_ to the remailer! ("Use of this remailer costs 1 Melon"). Mixing tokens as a crude way to anonymize is possible.
Yes, Chaum happens to be sort of right in this particular case: the identity of the remailer is assumed to be traceable (because remailers usually operate openly), hence only buyer-untraceability is required, hence Chaum Version 2 ecash is OK. Anonymous remailers are possible, using broadcast or "message pool" models. For example, sending a message to alt.anonymous.messages and having remailers scan the pool for messages they can decrypt. This then requires seller-anonymity as well. Agnostic digital cash (a la Barnes) could be deployed for remailers without an extensive "digital cash infrastructure" involving banks.
One of the reasons I wanted to have a CP meeting focused on implementing Chaum protocols without the niceties of licensing from Chaum (or the Canadians who now own the patents) was to do this. Alas, our meeting went off into other directions....some of you were at that meeting last Yes, this is how markets for remailing services would likely develop. All of the usual stuff about price discovery, competition, discounts, advertising, etc.
I am painfully aware of the negative effects of saying "That's an old But, of course, it is. No big deal, as it's all the way a paid remailer system would almost certainly have to operate. (Multiply-nested, with tokens obviously also nested...has to be this way.)
This is how we modeled paid remailers at the very first physical meeting, in fact. (We used envelopes within envelopes to model nested, chained encryption/remailing, and we used Monopoly money to model payments at each stage. The simulated remailer operators even advertised discount prices...)
This sounds likes a good line of thinking.
I wish you the best of luck and encourage others to help.
We old-timers are accused of saying "That's been thought of before." Only because the outlines of these things unfolded pretty quickly (see the 1992-93 list traffic, for example).
But true progress has historically come when someone pushed the implementation, as with the earliest remailers themselves, and later remailer sytems like Mixmaster.
A token-based remailer system, while an "obvious" system, would be a major accomplishment.
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2001-12-22 21:12:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "Swiss bank in a box" 
Likewise, if only a small number of people are using Swiss banks, or Yap stone wheels, or nearly any other particular financial instrument then the anonymity set is too small. It's not too hard to know who is spending that Yap stone wheel.
I say "nearly" because gold, say, has some nice physical properties which things like currency notes, bank accounts, diamonds, etc. don't have: gold can be melted and all traces of origin lost, save for some expensive tinkering with isotopic ratios, maybe. Note that I am not advocating gold, and especially not E-Gold, just noting facts.)
A lot of the complaints we see about cryptographic implementations of things are also echoed in the real world. It's unreasonable to expect crypto to solve all problems. To emphasize this point: When we hear about limitations on the privacy of remailers or digital cash implementations, we should think about comparable situations with ordinary mail, ordinary currency, etc. A  lot of systems seemingly fail! The fact that we continue to use them, because they are embedded in a larger system (of reputations, ontological speed bumps, etc.) tells us that crypto is only a part of the overall picture. Too many crypto folks find flaws and declare the whole approach dead.
On Len's earlier point, DC Nets are the answer. The 1992 design for "envelopes within envelopes remailers" is just the 1981 Chaumian untraceable e-mail. He knew even then that it was subject to the types of attacks described above. Hence the DC Net. A huge amount of stuff is available on DC Nets, on the Web, in the CP archives, in the literature (Crypto and Eurocrypt Proceedings, esp. by Chaum, Pfitzmann, etc.).
Even with DC Nets, the concern is immediately one of "collusion sets" (or "compromised sets," if the FBI/FinCEN/NSA have instrumented nodes).
By the way, the attack that Adam describes, of the attacker placing video cameras and monitoring devices, is not inexpensive. For example, I doubt that Swiss banks in Geneva and Zurich have been compromised in this way...though I expect that wire transfers into and out of such banks are observed and recorded.
(One of the early remailers was located in a vault formerly used for an accelerator near Amsterdam. Pretty hard for FinCEN or NSA to get cameras in there. Ditto for some of the vaults in the U.K. being used for colo. Ditto for HavenCo (though I am not necessarily endorsing the use of platforms in the North Sea),)
I think the continued existence of private banking systems for high net worth individuals shows that even relatively small sets of interacting parties can achieve privacy. This may not be doable with remailers which are operated by, for example, 22-year-old grad students who have spent a couple of hours setting up a remailer on their 600 MHz Celeron box, or even by computer professionals like Len willing to spend more time and effort, but it looks doable.
Paid remailers are just as necessary for the longterm health of the remailer business as paid banks were and are for the banking business. "Swiss bank in a box" may look like a neat little bit of code to play with in the latest Debian code release, but it ain't really a Swiss bank.
And folks saying Swiss banks can't provide privacy because "Swiss bank in a box" doesn't really work very well....
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-12-23 19:55:21
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Start Ups, Crypto Companies, and Commercialization 
I was using that as a stand-in, a place holder for the recent trend for start-up companies to spend lavishly on corporate digs.
Being an old-timer, I like to say: In my day, we had to walk five miles through the snow to get a cup of mud from the vending machine. Actually, in my day at Intel we were lucky to have patty melts for lunch, as most of us ate out of vending machines (burritos, stale sandwiches, cottage cheese) or out of the vending vans ("roach coaches") which pulled up outside to feed the engineers and operators.
Things have changed, I gather.
I've got nothing against companies having nice facilitites, but perhaps the lavish cafeterias, rooftop jacuzzis, and other frivolities give the workers the impression that money is flowing freely (as it is...for a while). I'd rather see a company starting on a shoestring, with surplus desks from Repo Depot, with crowded offices, and with no money wasted on frivolities. Especially if I'm an investor!
Sure, it'll cause some of the folks to go instead to Oracle, where the cafeterias are opulent. A good thing that those who want opulence go to such places!
(I faced a similar choice in 1974: some of the places I was considering were known for their lavish expense accounts, their nice offices. Other places were more spartan (that's a good word to think about). I chose one of the spartan places, Intel. A lot of those other companies I could have gone to went nowhere.)
This applies to marketdroids as well. Startup companies get larded-up with marketing departments when there is little to market. The huges staffs of some of the companies we all know about is an example. (Just as bad: the hiring of ex-government officials, regulators, etc. But I I agree and disagree. I agree that the core crypto is sort of established. However, how many examples of it do we see? Few. How many of the programmers here on this list (there must be a few dozen who call themselves programmers, professionally) have ever implemented anything remotely similar to digital cash?
(I don't call myself a programmer, but I fool around. The closest I have come to the above is when about 10 years ago I wrote a simple RSA implementation in Mathematica, just to make sure I had all the "Euler totient function" kind of crapola down straight.)
PayPal took off pretty fast. So did VISA and MasterCard in their day. I think and hope someone will cut through all of the b.s. and do something that takes off.
As I mentioned a few days ago, one of the reasons we wanted to have a session on "implementing digital money"  was to brainstorm these issues. Maybe we should try again.
By the way, if "lots of people can turn the algorithm into reliable code," where _are_ the implementations? I see bits and pieces.
I don't think things happen because of "evangelists." Evangelists didn't give us the transistor, the IC, the microprocessor, the early personal computers, or even the Mac (where Apple was famous for hiring "evangelists," e.g., Guy Kawasaki).
Discussing this would require a longer article here than I'm interested in writing. To be sure, advertising BankAmericard (VISA) and other credit cards was and is a big business. People have to know a technology exists and then want to use it.
Evangelizing digital cash, when no real digital cash implementation exists, is getting things backwards.
Lucky can tell us what the real level of technology was. My impression is that it was a cleaned-up version of Chaum's earlier code (or the code of his early 90s programmers, that is) and did "uninteresting" things.
And since it wasn't payee-untraceable, interesting uses for trading banned materials were not possible. (My recollection, though I could be wrong, was that Mark Twain Bank also had the usual ISP-like junk about acceptable uses and how accounts could be cancelled for "inappropriate A lot of these applications are just "toy uses." Not even the True Believers, most of us, would waste our time and money opening a Mark Twain Bank account so we could flash our account cards, or whatever, at local parties and meetings. I don't know of anyone, besides Lucky, who ever used the system.
It is true, and we've talked about it many times, that most people don't care about anonymity and untraceability. They don't care that their "Fast Pass" turnpike passes can (and sometimes are) be used to track their movements, to find out when they were on the New Jersey Turnpike and which exit they got off at. 99.9984% of them figure no one will bother to check. So the market for Chaumian ecash for car passes never A big part of the problem is the lack of evolutionary learning. This is a problem with our patent system, especially for software. A number of years ago I wrote an article about how patents for hardware work because the produced good "meters" the patent: no one cared what uses were made of the microprocessor because every sale was a sale, thus paying for all of the various R&D and patents and so for the chip companies. With software (*), there is much concern about what uses are made. Because of replicability of the product.
(* I don't mean a software product like Microsoft Office. It is true that no one cares what use is made of a copy of Office, provided it was legitimately bought. I mean software like "RSA," where sale of a general license has to be very carefully planned.)
Because Chaum wished to make money (not an ignoble goal), he limited access to the core of his system. (Whatever you want to call it, the algorithms, the implementations, the ability of others to build products, etc.) There were a series of "future by design" projects, but little evolutionary learning. (Contrast to the aircraft or chip businesses, where hundreds of companies failed, planes crashed, new designs were tried, patents were cross-licensed or bought, companies rose and fell, products proliferated...)
It's not easy to build a company around an algorithm. RSA succeeded, but it faced years of shoestring operation troubles (I visited their crowded offices in Redwood Shores, circa 1990-1). And it had arguably the most important patent portfolio of all. (Levy's "Crypto" details the history, and the almost out of business experiences.)
I see way too many Cypherpunks jabbering about "raising money." Most It's time for a return to the older models.
Good for them. Both later made some money from other projects.
See above. I doubt a marketing group makes a hill of beans' worth of True enough.
We saw a lot of appallingly-stupid Cypherpunks Business Plans, too.
"And then at this point the world adopts the use of Bearer Bucks (TM) and we get 2% of every transaction!"
Yep. Premature commercialization, mythical man-month, burn rates, and all that.
I'll say it again: the best commercialization is done for stolen (Or, to head off frivolous charges that I am libeling Sun or Cisco, below, products which were basically already developed and faced a ready The Stanford University Network (SUN) machines were largely ready to go when the founders of Sun (gee, where'd they get that name?) sought permission (and investment) from Stanford to commercialize them. Ditto for Len and Sandy's work at Stanford on routers. This is how Sun and Cisco were able to "hit the ground running." They didn't squander precious startup dollars on roof-top jacuzzis and meeting rooms for researchers to sit around trying to develop a product. Investment money went into production facilities, wire-wrap guns, etc.
Even RSA was basically just commercializing an already-extant thing.
Intel was making and selling actual products within 6 months of its formation. (It did _not_ get funding and then sit around in opulent surroundings thinking about future directions. In a way, it also "stole" its technology, in that its founders had worked on silicon-gate MOS at Fairchild and knew how to get rolling quickly. I'm not accusing Intel of stealing in any prosecutable sense, but in the sense that this is the way evolutionary learning happens: the children of successes create more By contrast, I've watched dozens of companies (some of them started and staffed by my friends) raise some seed capital and _then_ begin their research and development! Bad move. For lots of reasons I could write about for hours. (Xanadu and AMIX were examples, several Cypherpunks startups are other examples.)
(Nutshell: research proceeds unevenly. Breakthroughs. Evolutionary learning. Dead-ends. Redirections. "Exploitation of rich veins of ore," punctuated equilibrium, time value of money. When a company gets investment money, it _must_ begin to use that money _immediately_. Ideally, for production facilities, for actual product advertising, for _immediate_ uses. The time value of money dictates this. It _cannot_ use its money to hire people to sit around and think about future research directions. If there is not a _real_ business plan (I don't mean a "spreadsheet business plan") with a real revenue stream beginning _soon_, why form a company? A lot of naive people seem to think the capital markets exist to help them fund their dreams, their vague ideas about becoming the next Bill Gates. Maybe the recent dot com collapse has changed things.)
There _is_ a place for "service businesses." ISPs, for example. (The founders of ZKS made their initial money by setting up a successful ISP in Canada and then selling it when the great wave of ISP consolidations was cresting. Interestingly, some of the early remailer operators in Holland did something very similar, selling their ISP business. Looks like this was the real way to make some money. No exotic cutting-edge technology, just paying customers.)
There's a saying that "the best is the enemy of the good."  This is part of the long debate in computer science between "doing the right thing" and "doing what works." The "Right Thing" is the elegant, the crystalline, the pure. "What Works" is the crufty, the cobbled-together. LISP versus Perl, perhaps. Richard Gabriel has some fun essays along the lines of "Worst is Best" (use Google to find them), discussing why the workstation and language market developed in the way it did.
In our community (and related orbiting communities), "the cool is the enemy of the good." Hence we see multi-year efforts to the really cool implementation of hypertext developed, thus running out of money and missing the boat on the Web. (Xanadu.) Ditto for digital cash, as comparatively low-tech and uncool products like PayPal move in to take the low-hanging fruit.
Paying people to sit around and dream about rilly, rilly cool products is the kiss of death.
Lastly, the focus on commercialization has been very weird these past several years. Nearly everyone jabbers about how to make money off of remailers, or data havens, or digital money. But little in the way of new ideas are being discussed here.
Our last Cypherpunks meeting was refreshing in that we had a couple of good talks on real things and very little of the "lawyer" and "startup evangelizing" junk. And we ended with a heated discussion of remailers and such, which Len and Steve and others have been writing about.
Even more lastly, you folks out there thinking about how to do a startup or make money should be thinking about what I said, and which I am certain is basically correct: start up companies are not the place to do basic R&D. That's the place for universities and for established companies (with the companies either spinning-off divisions or selling the products themselves or losing their staff who "steal" the work).
The cost of money is just too high for anyone to fund blue sky dreamers. Except as charity.
(I can't resist: Look at Interval Research. Paul Allen, who has almost as much money as Bill Gates, decided to try to replicate the success of Xerox PARC and funded Interval Research some years ago (around '92-'93, IIRC). He gave it a wad of money, they set up shop, they hired Brenda Laurel and Lee Felsenstein and all kinds of other bright thinkers and dreamers. What came out of it? Nothing. Nada. Nil.)
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2001-12-24 17:35:14
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Simplest possible ecash mint 
This is a terribly important point. Implementing this "atomic transaction" would be a major step. Having a Web site that does this EVEN WITH PLAY TOKENS would be a useful step. (Many dislike toy applications, but a site which did this would be a way to play with the software, test the reliability, and get ideas for further developments. The "Play Tokens" would be of literally no value, ostensibly.)
Like a cellular automata, the basic rules dramatically affect future evolutionary paths.
With the proper atomic transaction protocols, the rest unfolds naturally.
Money changers can profit by returning some fraction (e.g., 0.99) of what they are given.
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2001-12-24 17:00:18
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable 
Yeah, I favor freedom and free markets. Obviously.
Something I _don't_ favor is wasting time responding to weird rants like the ones from "mattd."
The expression "get back on your medications" is sometimes overused on the Net, but in this case it clearly applies. This "mattd" person oscillates from fawning about "crypto anarchy" to foaming that people like me should be hanged. All written in an illiterate, pseudo-dyslexic, run-on sentence, crude imitation of John Young.
I have yet to see a single idea come out of "mattd."
There are more interesting fish to fry.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-12-26 01:41:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Big Bang Thought Experiment 
For all intents and purposes, the total supply of gold has been relatively constant for decades. A fraction of the total is mined and brought to market each year, but only a small fraction of the total.
And yet the assay and marking cost (several percent) has not crippled Further, the fee for assaying and marking (melting, minting, stamping gold bars, etc.) is a fee for a service, and goes back into circulation. I expect the operators of a money changing operation would similarly aggregate their 1% or whatever and use the aggregated fee as their compensation for providing a service.
Even if the money deflates, so? If it encourages people to hang on to their money, so?
(I made most of my money by _not_ spending what I earned.)
In any case, let's see how the experiment turns out. Let anyone try any approach they wish, ranging from "the total amount of money is 1" to "I generate 30% more money in the system every year."  As I said, I expect multiple tries, multiple experiments. Right now we are more limited by the notion that Some Big Startup has to Get it Right the First Time.
--Tim May
""Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined." --Patrick Henry

@_date: 2001-12-25 17:44:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Big Bang Thought Experiment 
Here's a thought experiment: Issue a fixed amount of blinded tokens, for free, and see what happens. How they would be distributed is another topic. But the issuer would promise to exchange them (or make change) in some specified way, e.g., a 1% commission. This would result in fractional tokens, perhaps in the 1-5-10-25-50-100 denominations common with ordinary coins.
(Chaum tried something similar in 1995. I'm not suggesting precisely the same thing. Chaum's experiment did not generate much interest, as this experiment might not, either.)
The thought experiment is that it is possible that the "thing of value" is the utility of the token, not some underlying store of value. How others might bid for these tokens, possibly bidding with "real money," would be of no concern to the mint.
Depends on confidence that the number of tokens is in fact fixed, and that forging of new tokens is not easy.
This is what I hoped Mojo would demonstrate.
More discussion:
1. Must money be tied to intrinsic stores of value? I think the answer is clearly "No." The U.S. dollar is not in any direct way tied to anything except _other dollars_. Obviously. True, there are already many things already valued in dollars--land, things, houses, loans, taxes, salaries--so there is a somewhat circular argument that echoes what Danny DeVito said in the recent movie "Heist": "Money is money, that's why they call it "money"!" (paraphrased)
2. How much would need to be issued? Depends on a lot of factors. Numbers of users, interest in the experiment, evolution of markets.
3. Isn't it "unfair" to randomly issue money and then see what happens?
4. Are there better ways to issue the money? There could be a preliminary auction, denominated in dollars and with no concern for anonymity/untraceability. (Since the act of moneychanging generates blinded new tokens, it matters not that the original purchasers are traceable. All they need to do is change their money.)
5. Who might use it? Let the market(s) decide. Remailers, warez....
Comment: I'm not trying to trivialize the issues. There are issues with dealing with double-spending ("first to redeem" is a good fix), transfer deadlock (when Alice and Bob exchange something for some token...what if one walks away? A deadlock issue with real money, as with exchanging suitcases of cocaine for suitcases of dollars), and other issues.
And it is quite possible that such an experiment would produce little But the cost of trying such an experiment is not especially great. Many such experiments/releases later, we may have learned some interesting things. And possibly one such release will be robust enough (issues about numbers of moneychangers, robustness of mints, etc.) that it nucleates a functioning money system for at least some interesting cypherspace uses.
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-12-27 03:17:29
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Explosive smuggling (@#%$@# deleted) 
A clear Title 7 violation in these unfree Beknighted States, as it is negros who wear these shoes by about a 99-1 ratio (the remaining one percent being suburban white kids trying to be niggaz).
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2001-12-27 03:14:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Explosive smuggling (@#%$@# deleted) 
As Osama told him, "Just do it!"
An ideal detonation device.
"Walk softly and carry a big stick."
"Click your heels three times and you'll be home."
"Toto, I don't think we're over Kansas anymore."
Me, I haven't been on a plane in over two years. And given the dangers and the police state measures, I don't expect to be traveling by air any time in the next few years. A good thing most places I want to travel to I can get to by car.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2001-12-28 00:46:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Explosive smuggling 
Gives new meaning to "Show us your tits!"
Having seen a bunch of bad boob jobs, where they look like they're read to explode even without HE in 'em, I don't envy the job of the Bod Squad.
Easy to imagine safer activators. A magnet arrangment, where an external magnet pulls something. A dual activator system, where two switches must be closed simultaneously, ampoules to be broken or pierced under the skin, and so on.
A person willing to martyr himself is almost assured of being able to take down a plane. Here's something I wrote in another, more subversive For people willing to martyr themselves, there is very little hope that
these suicide bombings can be stopped. Planes are just too easy to
destroy (not being armored and all).
Think about mules carrying balloons of cocaine into the U.S. Now think
of those balloons carrying C4 or Semtex instead. Now think of ways to
dissolve those balloons with the right intake of food. (This is already
an issue with coke mules, who cannot eat certain foods as the acids
produced will degrade/rupture the latex condoms and suchlike that they
Think of those explosives not being a shoe but being anally or
vaginally carried. Not that difficult to pack several ounces of high
explosive this way.
As for sniffers finding these things...the signals are already being
lost in the noise. Dogs can find certain kinds of explosives, but are
fooled by others. And the vapor emissions can be very, very low.
(Nothing is ever "zero" on a log scale, of course, but something sealed
inside a glass ampoule and very thoroughly rinsed with water and
alcohol and benzene and such is about as close to "no emissions" as one
can imagine.)
If I were an attacker trying to cripple the U.S. and European airline
industries--thus dealing a devastating economic blow--and I had a ready
supply of mules willing to martyr themselves, I would find this a rich
hunting ground of potential attacks.
Planes have always been soft targets. The insurance-related bombs of
the 1950s and 60s, the hijackings of the early 70s, and the various
bombings of several planes in the 80s and 90s (Lockerbie, Air India, a
few other unexplained "energetic disassemblies"). And now the 911
events and the shoebomber.
Me, I haven't flown in a few years. Nothing has needed it. And with the
police state search procedures and potential dangers, I plan to avoid
flying for as long as I can. Fortunately, here in California, nearly
any kind of recreation or family event (in my case) can be reached
easily enough by car, or by rail.
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2001-12-29 05:42:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Afghans Demand End to Bombing 
It took me less than a minute to retrieve several articles with quotes from members of the interim government. Here's just one of them:
If you challenge someone to "show a reference to this" you should have at least spent a minute looking.
You haven't seen a reference? Then you haven't looked, have you?
It took me another 30 seconds to find this (though I remembered it from seeing Bush's comments today in Crawford):
"With operational commander Gen. Tommy Franks at his side at his Crawford, Texas, ranch, Bush said he expected U.S. forces to remain in Afghanistan ``for quite a long period of time.''"
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-12-30 22:53:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Choices of small handguns 
Well, I have nearly all of these. Not the MicroGlock, but the others. Here are my opinions:
* Kahr K40, a slightly larger .40 S&W variant of the 9mm version. I like this the most of all of my small handguns. Stainless steel (*), heavy enough to aid accuracy for follow-up shots, double action only (meaning nothing to think about, nothing to worry about with de-cocking). Limited to 6 rounds (5 in the mag, 1 in the pipe). I bought mine slightly used for $450, with 6 mags total. It also has night sights. The 9mm version is probably just as nice a version, and holds one more round. There are also smaller variants, with names like "Micro K9," or somesuch. Some of them are too small in my hand. The K40 fits my hand like a glove: small, but not too small, flat, and _dense_.
(* I've heard some claim that stainless steel is not a good idea, as it glints in the dark. Perhaps, but this seems like a second-order effect for any real use. It is also possible to get it in blackened stainless, as the SIGs are commonly in.)
* SIG P239, also in .40 S&W. Like my 229 (bigger, 15 rounds), it shoots very well and is flat and concealable. The operation is double action on the first pull, single action on subsequent pulls. After the last shot, the decocker must be used to lower the hammer. (I think this is a little confusing for newcomers, and could cause accidents.) I bought mine used for $450, a range rental (with mild range rental loads) with almost no visible wear.
* H&K P7, the famous "squeeze-cocker." I had wanted one of these since reading about them in 1980, so when H&K was selling a bunch of reworked and remarket P7s at a good price ($550 or so), I bought one. Very elegant, very unusual. Mine is in 9mm. Very safe, but takes a bit of getting used to.
* I have one Glock, a 1986-vintage Model 17, the first ones they imported into the U.S. 9mm, 17-18 shots. It does the job, is safe, and is a reliable standby. Many people swear by them. A Glock 19 is slightly smaller. And then there are the aforementioned Model 26s and 27s (.40, I The Glock 26 would probably be a good choice for a woman, due to the smaller hands most women have. 9mm is more than adequate, especially when loaded with something like Hydra-Shok or Golden Saber or the like.
I like my Kahr, followed by my H&K P7, followed by my SIGs.
(I also have a full-sized H&K USP .45, and other handguns, of course.)
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2002-01-31 23:16:17
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: FBI Raid Silences Teen Anarchist's Site 
"Interrogated for six hours" says it all. The more helpful he tried to be, the more stuff to hang him with.
One is under no obligation to consent to any such interrogations.
It's a mistake to do so...unless....unless one is very clearly not the target of an investigation and cannot conceivably become the target. An example is when one is a completely uninvolved witness to some event. Then it's safe to talk, in most cases. (But don't invite the cops, detectives, or C.S.I. babes into your house: if they see something they think warrants further examination, they can do a "walk around." A rifle leaning against the wall could result in their fulfilling their quota for that week.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-01-27 18:30:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Crypto Winter (Re: Looking back ten years: Another Cypherpunks 
Some thoughtful ideas on the current situation (what I have called "the Crypto Winter"). A few comments:
I somewhat disagree. The obstacles to widespread acceptance (of _anything_) are enormous, but the obstacles to experimental deployment for specialized uses (Napster-like trading, porn, remailer use) are not great at all. Pr0duct Cypher and others got Magic Money/Tacky Tokens/etc. out in what was probably a period of a few months' worth of effort. (PC may have been working for years on it, but this seems likely. Digital cash was the topic and MM/TT appeared during the discussion...circa 1993, IIRC.)
"First we change the world" is not a good business model. New technologies and methods often spring out of unforeseen needs and technologies. An interesting Harvard Business School type of study would contrast the long and slow growth of Diner's Club and Carte Blanche versus the effective complete replacement by BankAmericard (later Visa) and MasterCard beginning in the late 1960s. Way too many folks in the crypto/digital cash community are aiming for penetration similar to Visa and Mastercard. It may happen, but not with a) experimental technologies and protocols, b) by planning by a bunch of small companies. A full-scale "launch" by a very large and well-funded company _might_ work, but probably not. (There's that nagging "How do we convince Joe Sixpack to learn to manage keys and to use untraceable forms of digital cash?" A facet of "First we change the world." Bah.)
I agree that facing regulatory obstacles head on is a lose, lose, lose. Ain't gonna happen. Even the well-funded launch above would never get approval for "truly untraceable" forms of digital cash. All of the recent trends toward "fighting terrorism," "war on drugs," "currency control," etc. tell us the regulators will never accept untraceable digital cash (even though physical cash is grandfathered in...they will outlaw it when they think they can get away with it).
This is presumably why Chaum watered-down his earlier digicash scheme to make it only one-way untraceable/unlinkable.
My guess is that PGP went off the track when it tried to get PGP "integrated" into various platforms and applications. Things were a lot easier when PGP simply took a text file and did things to it. The processed text file could be from a text editor or the "clipboard" (on various platforms) and could then be pasted into or cut out of a mail app, a word processor, etc. A few extra steps, but the "orthogonality" principle was upheld: PGP was just another modification of text, a form of writing. What the user _did_ with the text was up to him and was not of any concern to PGP qua PGP.
Alas, the battles to "integrate PGP with Pine" (or with Eudora, or Outlook, or Outlook Express, or Entourage, or ....) and all the crap about "checking signatures" (which is almost never needed for most of us, for reasons discussed many times), and the general "bloat" of providing hooks to various OSes, various mailers, various browsers....it all resulted in the predictable.
(What did those 200+ staffers at NAI's PGP division actually _do_? Some have told me that this 200+ figure referred to teh entire crypto tools division. Maybe. But PGP lost a lot when it went corporate and lost its simple focus. More on GPG in a moment...)
Here's my own personal situation. Now I don't make a claim to being a software guy (I'll avoid the hateful term "geek"). I like software, I use it, I read about languages and OSes, I like Smalltalk and Lisp/Scheme and suchlike, I have a project brewing on actors/agents and money/instruments, I follow E and capabilities, and so on. But I don't run a Unix box (well, OS X is now a full-fledged Unix box, being based on FreeBSD, OpenBSD, Mach, NeXTStep, etc.).
But some years ago PGP just became too difficult to use regularly. I would install 2.0. 2.1,...5.5, 6.1, whatever, and would even buy the "PGP for Personal Privacy" CD-ROM ($40). Then something would break, and PGP plug-ins would no longer work with Eudora or Eudora Pro. Were I doing something _important_ with PGP, I could justify either sticking with an older version of Eudora, an older version of my OS, etc.
Digression: Remember that the military spends a lot of money keeping older legacy systems running. And doing the "crypto hygiene" involving key management, limiting access to crypto shacks (on ships, bases), and so on. We "casual" users don't want to spend 5 minutes getting key material out of a vault or safe, plugging in our USB Flash dongles, inserting CD-ROMs, etc., copying encrypted mail across an air gap to a secure machine, etc.....just to decode a PGP-encoded message to read "Hi, Tim, just testing out this really cool thing called PGP! Send me a message back!" Being a casual user, with no real _need_ for crypto (the subversive things I do I do out in the open, by choice), the "bang for the buck" for PGP is just not there. And the seamless integration into mailers and suchlike has not been easy.
A further example. I converted all of my main Macs to OS X. Wonderful. Elegant. Powerful. Robust. The best thing I've ever seen in OSes. The Mac-type front-end on a robust Unix (BSD) core, with a Mach kernel and on and on. All of the old NeXTStep/OpenStep tools, and more. Incredible. But no PGP, without major work.
What about PGP? The main guru at NAI/PGP tells us that a version of PGP for OS X, presumably with hooks into various mailers (like OS X Mail, based on the NeXTMail app, and Entourage, part of the Microsoft Office X package), is "ready to go." But NAI/PGP has dropped the inexpensive versions, let alone the free versions. (Sidenote: So much for PRZ's anger that Bidzos and RSA had the gall to want $50 for MailSafe and hence PGP needed to be released. The NAI/PGP packages  _start_ in price at astronomical levels compared to what so many folks were "outraged" at back around '92-94 when the "free alternative to RSA" was being touted.)
Also, NAI/PGP is apparently being shopped around for sale to another company, so they don't want to release the OS X version until things settle out. (I forget which forum I read this in...a search should turn it up for those interested.)
What about GPG? Being that OS X is Unix, GPG should compile. It does. And some work on giving it a better front-end and on linking it to OS X Mail has been done.  provides some But it's a "hack," they admit, with numerous limitations. (I've got it, and will be trying to make it work.)
To make some of the points about limitations, here's what they say about the current release:
"Current limitations
*	GPGMail accepts only one personal PGP key.
*	GPGMail always uses your default identity and all message receivers addresses as recipients for encryption (To and CC. For security considerations, BCC recipients are not taken in account).
*	GPGMail does not support PGP keys distribution (following RFC 3156)
*	GPGMail does not support S/MIME
*	GPGMail encrypts/signs the whole message, and can decrypt/verify only the whole message. You can not choose which part you want to *	GPGMail does not support for RFC 1847 encapsulation
*	Encryption operation cannot be interrupted
*	You cannot send encrypted messages with BCC recipients.
*	You cannot forward encrypted messages: encrypted message is used. You need to copy decrypted message into new message.
*	If Mail cannot deliver the message immediately, it postpones delivery but doesn't prevents you from modifying the message; do NOT modify a signed or encrypted message!!!
[end of quoted comments]
And it only works for certain versions of OS X and OS X Mail. Which means I expect it to break in some future evolution, causing me to either stop upgrading my OS and apps or to stop using GPGMail. This has happened many times in the past.
Now while I may not be a "software guy" ("geek"), I'm maybe more software geeky than most folks are, even most OS X users. Who will bother with this kind of complexity, this number of bugs and hacks and "won't work with" errors?
I've been talking about OS X. Maybe the situation with Windows 2000, Windows ME, Windows XT, etc. is better.
For something so simple as what PGP used to be, look at the code bloat, the cruftiness, the complexity. Will Joe Sixpack be installing GPGMail so as to "use crypto everywhere"? Ha.
I don't mean for this to sound like a whine. I expect that if I spent a few days reading up on GPG, using the Developer Tools on my OS X distribution disk, playing with GPGMail such as it is, I could get something workable running. But why? Why spend even a few frustrating days just so--for the current software versions!!--I can open the very occasional "Tim, just thought I'd try out PGP!" message.
Crypto between servers, a la SWAN, is a more cost-effective way to thwart Big Brother's plans to simply slurp down all Net traffic. Individual crypto rides on top of that, of course, and doesn't interfere. And it has its place as well. But trying to change the world to get more users to encrypt seem like a quixotic crusade.
If you're still with me, I'll continue commenting on Dr. Evil's remarks:
But you can in fact buy such units. I bought one of the earlier Starium units, as did several other Cypherpunks. 3DES is pretty trustable, from all indications. There are other units, too.
Pricey, yeah. Strong crypto has not come down to the $100 cellphone level yet.
A matter of "who pays for privacy"? (In both cost per unit, as with the Starium phones, or the complexity of setting up PGP and GPG, as above.) A little birdie told me a few years ago that certain characters looking like they'd be right at home in a "Miami Vice" episode were buying sets of Starium phones. This makes perfect sense. It's not all surprising to me that most Cypherpunks didn't buy Starium phones.
Disk encryption is built into several of the disk tools packages. Few use them, this is true.
(When I was writing my Cyphernomicon in '93-94, there was a section on disk encryption tools out at that time. And yet there was no interest I ever saw at Cypherpunks meetings. If they weren't using the tools, why would Joe Sixpack?)
Most people (maybe even many Cypherpunks) don't even do good backups on their disks. Urging them to encrypt their disks seems pointless. (And from a Neo-Calvinist point of view, why bother?)
Lastly, the reasons for the "Crypto Winter" are many and various:
* boredom the focus on PGP and other "old paradigm" uses. Only so much a hobbyist can do with PGP, except make is cruftier and harder to use.
* the surge of interest in 1992-95 was for lots of reasons. We had hundreds of eager students playing with remailers, crypto, Magic Money, data havens. Lots of articles, lots of interest. This waned, for various reasons. Now we get essentially no new students (Dave Molnar was the last notable one I can recall) and there are few if any new projects.
* many on the list got jobs in industry, working for RSA/Verisign, NAI/PGP, ZKS, C2Net, Microsoft, etc. Go back at the archives from '92-96, roughly, and match the names up with where they are today. To this extent, we somewhat helped crypto in industry...but at the expense of the exotic ideas and apps.
* "crypto is tired." It was premature for "Wired" to write this in, say, the summer of '92, when just several months earlier they'd declared "crypto is wired," but they were always prone to overhyping and overtrashing. But years later it was true. Crypto is now pretty tired.
* the war on terrorism, 911, crackdowns on money laundering, the shifting focus to copyright issues (mainly a _legal_ focus, not anything technological)...all of these things have helped to suppress interest and willingness to experiment.
* the role of law and lawyers deserves even more mention: way too many of our Cypherpunks meetings over the past few years have involved extensive, and boring, discussions of new laws. I think this causes people to think that law is the way to change things. It's important, but what do _we_ have to contribute? What does having Mindy Cohn or Robin Gross updating us on the DMCA, for example, do for our interests and goals?
* some of the recent Cypherpunks meetings have been wastes of time: bored people sitting and saying almost nothing. (I don't think many of them are subscribed to, or contributing to, this list, so they won't be Will things revive? Hard to say. Maybe it's a time for reflection and consolidation, for working on projects.
Maybe it'll take a further expansion of the police state to jar people out of their apathy.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-01-26 19:05:40
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The Village Voice 
More URLs:
Enjoy, Jim.
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-01-18 05:04:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: cable modem lack of opsec 
For a long time, my stock broker and the "prospectus clearing house" for the broker sent me mailings about my stocks with the number of shares I owned printed as part of the mailing label. If, for example, I owned 1275 shares of Digital Datawhack, the mailing label would look something like this:
Timothy C. May
42 Slothrop Lane
San Narciso, CA 95666
I told my broker that this was seriously brain-damaged and that they should change this pronto or I would probably take my business elsewhere. (The solution of having a mail drop doesn't solve the problem, merely shifting it slightly.)
He promised to do something, but it took a long, long while to fix this.
As with Microsoft's sudden discovery that security matters, some awfully dumb security and privacy decisions are made on a daily basis.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-01-18 03:58:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Charges Against Egyptian Student Over Hotel Radio Are 
This was the guy whose alleged crime was "lying" about not owning the Also, he was assigned to the hotel by his university, without any ability to specify that it be within sight of the WTC. And the hotel assigned his room based on their own standards, without him requesting a glimpse of the WTC. Also, the glimpse his room had was just a glimpse, and of absolutely no use in vectoring in a plane. Further, the radio was a standard scanner, according to reports. Of no use in contacting the cockpit of that plane. And, of course, he said the radio was not his. And now the Feds acknowledge it wasn't.
Held for a month for saying he didn't do what the Gestapo now acknowledges he didn't do.
There is no rule of law in the U.S. This is why hundreds of detainees are being held several months after 911 without having been charged and with no plausible link to 911 except that they are Arabs and of Arabic A police state by any other name shall smell just as rank.
But I guess a police state which builds concentration camps in January 1942 for hundreds of thousands of persons never given due process can be forgiven for merely ignoring habeas corpus and the other finer points of the Constitution.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2002-01-17 01:23:14
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Mathematical Analysis of Gnutella 
We will keep you on this list as an example to others of the dangers of --Tim May
""Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined." --Patrick Henry

@_date: 2002-01-09 22:17:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Godel's Theorem 
What Godel spent most of his proof doing was formalizing "statements" and what it means to write them.
The "hand-waving version" of Godel's proof is related to Cantor's diagonalization proof, but didn't fall out of it trivially.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:21:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: More product announcements at SnakeOilCon, Las Vegas 
--familiar variants of the famed "virtual one time pad" elided---
Between the "can compress any file by 100:1" and the "virtual one time pads," it looks like OSEC (Organization of Snakeoil Exporting Countries) have struck snakeoil in many places.
(In case anyone asks "How do you know virtual one time pads can't work?," a true one time pad a la Shannon uses shared sets of numbers which have no known algorithmic generator. If the pads can be generated from an algorithm, e.g., a seeded pseudorandom number generator, then an adversary could of course learn the algorithm and seed.
With a true one time pad ("true" in the procedural sense, as no set of numbers can ever be proved to be random), any decryption is as good as any other. Meaning, the adversary can do no better than simply guessing at a solution. All of the bits in the message are XORed with bits determined by the procedural equivalent of a flip of a coin (maybe Johnson noise in a diode, maybe radioactive decay, maybe swings of a complex pendulum, maybe LSBs of a microphone listening to the wind, For Alice and Bob to share the often-large pads is of course the main limitation of one time pads. Military and diplomatic users can justify the housekeeping effort to share such pads. Even so, sometimes people start reusing pads, which means they are no longer "one time."
And schemers think they can get the theoretical advantages of OTPs by generating the "virtual" OTP from an algorithm and a shared seed/key. Hence the production of snakeoil by OSEC.
--Tim May
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2002-01-05 17:36:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Glock: preferred weapon of Baby Liberation Front 
Ironically, the U.S. headquarters for Glock is in Smyrna....Smyrna, (There are Smyrnas in both Georgia and Tennessee.)
This sort of accident (caused by carelessness) may affect Glock sales slightly. The lightness of the trigger ("Glock SafeAction") on Glocks makes it more likely that a 3-year-old could manage a shot than with other actions. For example, a "cocked and locked" 1911 would probably be safer in this situation, as the kid would have to disengage the manual safety and also depress the grip safety (*). A DA/SA or DAO would also have more resistance on the first shot. And the "clack-clack" P7 that Matt Gaylor derides would be tough for a small child to squeeze cock.
(* Some folks disable the grip safety on their 1911s, either by taping the grip lever in the squeezed position or with special mods. But nobody I know of carries the piece "cocked and unlocked.")
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2002-01-03 23:20:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Ban 
Nope. The courts have upheld the right under the First to publish untraceably. (I think it was Talley, but I might be misremembering--someone will know the cite offhand.)
To be sure, setting up newspaper stands in public places will trigger various business, rental, tax, etc. rules.
But publishing a broadsheet or a newsletter or even a 300-page newspaper qua a _publication_ needs no permission slip or "ownership info."
There are those in local governments who claim it does, but they are wrong. Their killing is left as an exercise for the marksmen here.
As to the space cadet idea that space should be bought in newspapers so that CJ or Toto or Jimbell or Choate or Vulis or Detweiler or mattd or any of our other mental cases, knock yourself out. I wouldn't contribute a microcent.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2002-01-04 03:28:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index 
I suggest a more straightforward way to "avoid being labeled" by such a voodoo bullshit thing as the MMPI: don't take it. Nobody at any company I have ever been connected with has required it of their employees, the law can't require it (even if one is ordered into a "psychiatric evaluation," it cannot be compelled, for the same reason no speech can be compelled).
A simple litmus test: if one is working for an employer or agency which requires psychobabble tests, one is working for the wrong side.
You're a waste of electrons here. Even Agent Farr was more on-topic. Is this some kind of ersatz chick thing?
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2002-01-03 23:11:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index 
Anybody who bothers with this kind of stuff needs to see a psychiatrist.
(My university encouraged all students to take the MMPI. I saw the "recommended careers" it listed for me and decided it was as I suspected, from the types of questions, just plain voodoo bullshit. That was the last such test I took, more than 30 years ago.)
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2002-01-04 03:33:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
This kind of scheme falls apart as soon as even a few people _don't_ put up the separate boxes. Or tell the company they have them, but then take them down.
Because the billing company, or any other deliverer of mail, is swamped by keeping track of who has special boxes, who needs their bills mailed, Anyone can build and mark a box with "W.A.S.T.E." or some other label.
Calling it "Unites States Mail" is where the sticky issues come in.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2002-01-05 02:33:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Faustine's paranoia index (or: mindless OT bickering) 
You conveniently edited my post to leave out what I was commenting on: your psychobabble about the MMPI and how to present oneself as a suitably servile sheeple.
I didn't take issue with your posts about guns, did I?
I've yet to see you add anything to the discussion about ostensibly list-related topics. While all of us post off-topic things at times, you are almost completely off-topic.
Something I suggested to you last spring bears repeating: read up on some of the basics.
Your stories about living as a homeless person but now being paid to surf the Net (you say) may be fodder for Oprah's Online Chat Room ("You go, girl!"), but this is not that forum.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-01-05 06:56:04
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Cpunks Lauded 
It's useful to look at the subtext here: the Clipper debate of 1994 was about a particular type of secure phone, the AT&T/Mykotronx Clipper-enabled phone. It was not mandated to replace other systems owned by civilians.
(Yes, a lot of us saw the ruse: phase in Clipper and then, down the road, outlaw non-escrowed systems. This is why I call Kahn's comments the "subtext.")
Me, I have no problem with people buying key escrow systems.
But if they hold a gun to my head and say that I cannot write or speak in the language of my choosing, that I cannot whisper to others, that I must make my conversations "understandable" to wiretappers, then they have earned killing.
"Let me understand this...you have come to my house to tell me that I am a criminal facing 20-to-life if I continue to write in my journal in a language you have no key to decipher?"
Much is being made of the "new bluntness" in Washington: "Wanted, dead or alive." "We want Osama dead."
The same applies to statists: fuck with constitutional rights and you face killing. Singly or en masse. Execution of entire buildings is sometimes justified. Washington, D.C. is long overdue for "termination with extreme prejudice."
(Those who are not criminals have had many years to realize this and to get the hell out of Dodge.)
The new bluntness.
Their "predecessors" were only predecessors in time, not in intellectual influence or in any causal sense. And their "predecessors" did not contribute the rich set of contributions that Diffie, Hellman, Merkle, Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman have contributed.
In fact, we don't even fully know if these "predecessors" fully realized what they had (allegedly) discovered. Further, given that they were not participating in the larger world in the way that Diffie et. al. were, we don't even know where they got their ideas...perhaps from "predecessors of the predecessors."
Those who toiled in secrecy have earned the fame that they will never --Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2002-01-08 02:35:00
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Orange crush 
Google turns up many cites for the existence of both agri-chemicals and
herbicides before WWII.
  is one such cite.
Some excerpts from a timeline:
1890's Introduction of lead arsenate for insect control
1893 Recognition of arthropods as vectors of human diseases
1896 First selective herbicide, iron sulphate, was found to kill broad
leaf weeds
1901 First successful biological control of a weed (lantana in Hawaii)
1899-1909 Breeding programme that developed varieties of cotton, cowpeas
and water melon resistant to Fusarium wilt
1915 Control of malaria and yellow fever carrying mosquitoes allowing
completion of the Panama Canal after its abandonment in the late 1800's
1920-1930 More than 30 cases of natural enemy establishment were
recorded throughout the world
1921 First aerial application in insecticide against Catalpa sphinx moth
in Ohio, USA
1929 First area-wide eradication of an insect pest against Meditteranean
fruit fly in Florida, USA
1930 Introduction of snythetic organic compounds for plant pathogen
1939 Recognition of insecticide properties of DDT
1940 W.G.Templeman observed the amazing selectivity of the herbicidal
activity of 7- naphthalacetic acid. The subsequent development of this
compound led to 2,4-D in 1944 and MCPA which revolutionized weed control
in cereals. Use of milky disease to control the Japanese beetle as the
first successful use of an entomopathogen
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third
hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're
around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2002-01-07 01:36:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
Back in the Plonk file you go.
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2002-01-06 19:17:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
Perry left because we were not staid enough. He formed his own moderated Sandy posts in bursts, vanishing for several months, then returning.
Harry Shapiro/Hawk I have never seen on this list. Maybe a couple of posts in the early days, but I doubt it. I think you are confusing this list with Extropians, where he was once a frequent poster.
John Gilmore was also never a frequent poster, as any check of the archives will show. He posted infrequently in 1992-4, and almost not at all since then. Occasionally he forwards articles he's published Longing for the good ole days is one thing, but longing for a past that was never there is just silly.
As for Detweiler and Vulis, they contributed little of use, and reams of noise. Someone told me recently that Detweiler has surfaced in another forum, ranting about something weird. Vulis seems to have vanished from the face of the earth.
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2002-01-06 18:15:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
You mean like your foaming-at-the-mouth denunciations of Declan and others? Odd, this, considering how much material you volunteered at Bell You mean like your Toto-emulating incomprehensible ramblings?
By the way, calling CJ Parker a "genius" is the strangest thing I've read in a long while. He fits the pattern we're now seeing with mattd, and that we saw in the past with Detweiler and Vulis. And that we often see with your own posts, John. Namely, a mix of schizophrenia, dyslexia, paranoia, and Tourette's Syndrome. Some are more dyslexic than others, and it's likely that with some the word juxtapositions and malapropisms are completely intentional.
I used to thing folks were trying to emulate Detweiler, then Toto. Now I'm thinking there's some common miswiring in the brains of these folks.
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2002-01-08 00:11:10
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Spooky noises and things that go bump in the night 
Bill is of course welcome to invite the neighbor's kids to steal his My mileage varies.
I think it is a moral necessity to kill anyone trying to steal anything (beyond the utterly trivial or confusable, e.g., one should not kill someone picking up a toy left out in the yard...might be a mistake, he might be trying to return it, etc.).
Someone stealing a television or PC has certainly earned killing.
This is what strong crypto will make more possible: the deliverance of strong vengeance, untraceably. (Hint: This preceeded Jimbell by many years.) Fact is, many people have already earned killing. The only reason we cannot dispose of them is that liberal shits interfere with Again, my mileage varies. And since I decide what is important to me, it's "my house, my rules."
I don't mind that  a lot of people are liberal pansies who believe thieves are not worthy of killing. However, if they help to pass laws restricting my own choices, then they have earned killing themselves.
Certainly nearly every member, with but a handful of exceptions, of Congress has earned the death penalty many times over.
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2002-01-07 03:00:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Two Reviews: TV Spy Shows and "A Beautiful Mind" 
Some comments on two related topics, the crop of t.v. shows with espionage/CIA themes and Opie's movie "A Beautiful Mind."
Spoilers follow, so skip if desired.
First, this seaons's crop of spy shows.
I'm watching "Alias" as I type. Not exactly believable, but fun in a "Lola Rennt" ("Run, Lola, Run") way. Jennifer Garner is a chameleon, and is gorgeous to watch.
"The Agency" is a lot more believable, sometimes to the point of being a bit boring. A lot of well-known actors, including David Clennon (from old "thirtysomething" episodes, and from "From the Earth to the Moon"...I've always liked him as an actor), Will Patton (a horrible Kevin Costner movie, "Postman," and a good Kevin Costner movie, a spy movie from the late 80s), Ronnie Cox ("Robocop"), Paige Turco (a B-movie I liked), and so on.
A recent episode used "anonymous remailers" as a plot device, with spies using them to communicate.
This show has been remarkably prescient (though not to folks like us) about public events. Episodes already in the can before 911 dealt with the Al Quaida terrorists, anthrax, and suitcase nukes. Some were deemed so close to real world events that they were delayed, sometimes more than once.
"24," the Fox-TV Kiefer Sutherland vehicle. Frankly, I have no idea whatsoever what is happening. I've seen about 4-5 f these episodes and, for all I know, they have been in random order. I have no idea who is who, what is happening, or why I should care. The only exciting scenes were of a woman killing someone on a jet and then rigging explosives to detonate the escape door (she had a chute).
Less related to spy themes, "UC: Undercover." A good series about an FBI undercover infiltration team.
Now, on to "A Beautiful Mind." I'll try to forget Bob Hettinga's gratuitous, but oh-so-typical, negative comparison of me to the John Nash character.
There are several themes in this movie of interest to (some) Cypherpunks list subscribers:
1. Nash's role in game theory. Especially the theory of Nash equilibria, which relates closely to Schelling points, which relates closely to notions of where "rights" come from.
2. Codes and code-breaking. This is somewhat fanciful, for reasons which become clear a bit later in the movie.
3. Paranoia and schizophrenia. Nash would have done well on the Cypherpunks list, had it existed back in the 1950s.
There's also a love story recurring theme, with Jennifer Connelly (local Stanford grad) as his wife Alicia.
I'd read the Silvia Nasar book on which the movie was based, and I of course knew about Nash equilibria. The movie does an acceptable job of portraying Nash as a young grad student struggling with his demons and trying to make a mark. However, anybody who doesn't know the basics of game theory--payoff matrices, games of chicken, prisoner's dilemma, etc.--is not likely to understand the "who gets the blonde" very brief scene. Too bad, as the game theory part is what was most interesting to The movie is divided into roughly four reels:
* Reel 1: John Nash arrives at Princeton in 1948, seeking desperately to prove himself with his "one great idea." He comes up with the notion of Nash equilibria (*) and gets the recognition he craves.
* Reel 2: He is apparently recruited to help the Defense Department's code-breaking operations in the mid-50s and is chased by Russian agents. His paranoia afffects his life, his wife, and his child.
* Reel 3: His mental breakdown. Electroshock therapy, thorazine, and meaningless scribbles in notebooks. And his novel way he decorates the walls of his office.
* Reel 4: His gradual re-integration into a shadow of academic life (e.g., wandering around Princeton, hanging out in the library). His eventual Nobel Ersatz Price in Economics.
(* Nash Equilibria. Imagine India and Pakistan both competing for the ultimate prize, Kashmir. Nash showed that the "best is the enemy of the good" by showing that a good-enough equilibrium exists when, say, both nations accept less than their first choice. The movie portrays this as a bunch of guys competing for a gorgeous blonde, but winning by accepting the lesser women around the blonde. As with many things in game theory, it works better in theory in practice. In practice, _someone_ competes for the blonde and gets her, something the abstract model skips. But the notion of Nash equilibria is important because it leads directly to Schelling points, an extension of the idea. The borders between India and Pakistan are largely a series of Nash equilibrium points. Borders are "arrived at without explicit negotiation" for information-theoretic reasons.)
The film is worth seeing for several reasons. Russell Crowe does a fine acting job. The theme is interesting. Members of this list will likely find several points of resonance, though nothing explicity about politics in the film.
I'm concerned, though, about elevating John Nash to superhero cult status. His "great idea" was interesting (more than anything I have done, of course), but was done when he was very young and can almost be seen as a pretty obvious extension of minimax and Von Neumann/Morgenstern payoff matrices.. We all know that people don't compete mindlessly for the "best," that they routinely accept second-best. This is part of the cost-benefit calculus of life. Nash did more than just hand-wave about this, of course...his sets of curves have mathematical rigor. So he deserves a role in the pantheon of game theorists, but we shouldn't let his nuttiness give him more credit than he would be due if he had just evolved into a Rand Corp. talking head as so many of them did.
A fellow nutcase in Princeton (*) during the same period was Kurt Godel (umlaut over the single "o"). His achievement was the greater one, and he remained a member of the IAS until his death.  His story would be just as interesting, though maybe not as sympathetic as Nash's.
(Godel was at the Institute for Advanced Study, which is NOT Princeton University. I caught a scene in the film where Nash is entering Fine Hall, which, if I recall correctly, is at IAS, not at Princeton.)
All in all, recommended. I thought the film started briskly but then slowed to a crawl in the third reel. It picked up again in the final --Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2002-01-08 06:49:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: How to defeat spyware 
Or use the webcams to watch remotely who is trespassing in one's house....then start the gasoline leaking, wait about 20 seconds, then trigger the ignitors.
The scene would be delicious...too bad the smell cannot be transmitted.
"I love the smell of burning bacon...it smells like...victory."
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2002-01-08 05:25:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: How to defeat spyware 
I meant a wiretap warrant, as you talked about in your article. A "search warrant," duly presented to the resident and defining the general scope of the search, is substantially different from a wiretap order or secret search warrant.
But such secret or extra-warrant search orders are part of the public lore, hence part of the current law. In "The Sopranos," Tony's entire house is wired for sound. In "Law and Order: Criminal Something or Other," a completely warrantless keystroke logger is inserted in a witnesses computer.
I think those who violate the C. should be killed.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-01-08 04:29:43
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: How to defeat spyware 
All security is economics. Move-countermove, defense-offense, etc.
That basic keystroker loggers is "good enough" to get "most" of what they want is not surprising. Pareto tradeoffs apply.
Higher security costs. Comments to follow.
I mostly meant for PGP passphrases, to decrypt a series of incoming messages. Though if they can keystroke log, all messages written by the target are vulnerable. No, I wouldn't suggest composing long messages one letter at a time. (Though the most sensitive of all messages are likely to be brief, a la the cononical "Attack at dawn.")
A sufficiently worried person could use a scanner, either typing a message on a typewriter and then OCRing it, presumably beyond the ability of keystroke loggers to see, or just doing an image scan of a handwritten note and then PGPing that.
At this level of worry, there are probably easier technological solutions, such as: using a Palm or other handheld for critical typing, using a second machine kept locked up (*), putting a laptop in a bag and then sealing it with sealing wax (hard for black baggers to duplicate on the spot), the dongle idea, removable disk drives, etc.
All security is economics. When the U.S. Navy uses secure communications to communicate with a ship, they don't just have a guy sit down at a laptop and fire up PGP. They have nested security layers, including controls on access to the "crypto shack," layers of keyed access to crypto materials, and air gaps between machines and other parts of the system. All of this takes time to set up, training for the personnel (my condolences to them, as this is often drone work), and lots of Almost everyone here is smart enough to realize that a lot of the jive about RSA taking all the computer power in the universe to crack (and then some, for large enough numbers) means nothing if key material has been compromised, if Van Eck radiation is being used to monitor equipment, and so on.
The graph I always like to use is with "value of thing being protected" on the X-axis and "costs to use protection" on the Y-axis.
Something that could land one in prison for 10 years, or worse, clearly jusitfies using very good crypto hygiene, that is, spending a fair amount of time and effort to ensure good security.
Getting all traffic in PGP form, including mattd's and Choate's forwarded articles, clearly cannot justify the same level of care.
The "one size fits all" approach of a "1024-bit key" is misleading. (I'm not saying that the important thing is to vary key lengths. In fact, may as well just standardize on 2048-bit keys or even larger. What I _am_ saying is that the whole PGP approach encourages people to think in terms of just using PGP...instead of using a layered approach.
Seen this way, RSA/PGP is just one particular component of a larger Of course, selling this to the world is tough, as people want immediate gratification and ease-of-use. This is where "rolling your own" makes some sense, as the underlying mathematics is solid, but the crypto hygiene of using dongles, locking up laptops in safes, etc. is enough to stop many of the "sneak and peek" attacks.
Meta-bottom line has always been: if the adversary can get access to your hardware, all bets are off. Morris showed this many years ago with compilers. Hence the approach of using PDAs or removable disk drives (flash, iPod, Dallas Semiconductor buttons) which make it much tougher for the FBI to compromise.
We've talked a bit about deploying Webcams (with offsite or well-locked storage) for logging entries, etc.
A cluster of several of them, some of them monitoring a system, some of them doing conventional burglar work, could be very useful. X10 wireless cams are down to just $50 each. Various strategies are obvious for how to use them:
1. Just leave them on and logging. Very tough for the guys in black to reproduce a plausible sequence which erases themselves from the archive. Just seeing the webcams aimed at the computer, with wires going off into a closet, may be enough to scare them off. (Have a pinhole webcam monitoring the entire room, too.)
2. Send the signals to a computer in a locked room, or just the archived images to a small disk drive inside a vault or safe. (One of my Firewire drives inside my gun vault, for example.)
3. Offsite storage is possible. Or a machine hidden in a closet or crawlspace and communicating via 802.11b. (On a battery backup in case they cut the power first.)
(This is a variation on Brin's camcorder and escrow system.)
The point is not to get too cute. Start talking about storing the images on an offshore platform and the scheme gets too complicated to use. A simple X10 camera system feeding a bottom-end PC and then 802.11b-broadcasting to another PC seems quite feasible. And if you do it yourself, with no "security consultants" involved, pretty hard for the FBI to bypass.
Again, all security is economics. Having an unsecured machine sitting around in an office with PGP installed on it is at one extreme (regardless of the strength of RSA qua RSA), having a machine inside a secured room with webcams aimed at it and with removable disk drives and "mouse entry" methods to obscure keystrokes, all inside a Faraday cage, is nearly at the other extreme.
How much one wants to spend depends on what one is protecting.
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2002-01-08 01:42:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: How to defeat spyware 
Look into what's inside OS X, which is what I run. A lot of FreeBSD, some Mach, etc. However, I don't kid myself that keystroke loggers for Macs, which I have bought myself for my own use (some years ago) won't be carried by spooks doing sneak and peak entries.
One approach is to use a removable hard disk, or a PC Card (PCMCIA) to handle the PGP keys and buffers. The new flash-based USB dongles, a la "PEN," look intriguing. Carry it around your neck and only insert it long enough to get the needed passphrases and private keys off it.
A technical question for anyone: If I store passphrases (and keys, for extra security) on a flash-based USB drive dongle, and then use cut-and-paste to access them and paste them into PGP, is it possible for a keystroke logger to see them? In the Mac at least, pasting from a file or from the clipboard does not of course go through the keyboard. So a straightforward intercept of the keyboard driver at the BIOS level should not see the pasted material. I realize that "keystroke logger" can mean more than just logging the keyboard, however.
Some of you might have already looked into this and may have some data It seems to me that the older type of keystroke logger (history file in Unix, Ghostwriter, etc.) can be defeated thusly.
Selecting letters with a mouse on the screen also bypasses the keyboard.
The question is, are "keystroke loggers" actually doing more than keystroke logging. Are they, for example, monitoring all screen I/O (seems unlikely, for bandwidth reasons).
That's cool. Just don't support laws affecting my decisions.
--Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-01-08 00:46:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: How to defeat spyware 
Setting a trap gun to blow away anyone who inserts a floppy (or hooks up a cable) to a machine he has not been given access to is morally As the Mafia case shows, Big Brother and his courts no longer even think a warrant is needed.
What a country.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-01-09 22:54:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
A typo. "1 / 2^(N-1)" is what I meant to type. If N = 100, about 1/2^99 of the bit strings have "short" (catchy, memorable, loosely speaking) descriptions. Most of the rest actually take more bits to describe if described in terms of "words" (small patterns, runs). This is what we mean when we say they are their own shortest descriptions.
This is similar, by the way, to poker or bridge hands. In a fair deal, all hands are equally likely. However, because of our naming conventions and interest in "all hearts" or "a sequential run of spades from 10 to Ace," we are fooled into thinking some of these hands are "rarer" than "random hands."
Again, this is just one facet of a very interesting topic.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-01-09 22:39:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
First, there is no such thing as "a set of random data" (which is what I take you to mean by "random data").
There are operational definitions of "a set of data generated by a process which appears to be random." Clicks of a Geiger counter, thermal noise from a reverse-biased diode, etc.
(If my words "appear to be generated" are weaselly, it's the nature of the beast. It is generally not possible to either prove that a source _is_ random or that a set of data are random.)
Of strings which we would all call random, of length N, the majority of them have no description shorter than themselves.
Of course any particular string will have clumps and small patterns, etc.
This doesn't make them compressible, however. Run-length encoding on a "random" data set or string doesn't yield any compression, on average. (For a different slant on why this is so, intuitively, it's related to why strategies for "doubling up on winning bets" fail. Theory of You are missing the big picture. About 1 / 1^(N-1) bit strings of length N will have descriptions shorter than the bit string. The rest will actually require longer descriptions, counting the necessary dictionary. As N approaches infinity, essentially a vanishingly small fraction percentage of the bit strings have short descriptions. This makes sense for a number of reasons, once you start thinking about it.
Definition: Tim's Magic Number:  1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 01 1 0 0
So I present you with the number : 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 01 1 0 0
and ask you to compress it. You look at it, recognize it as Tim's Magic Number, and proudly announce that it has a very concise (short) description: TMN.
For why this will in general not work, and how this relates to intelligence tests (multiple good answers to "What is this pattern?" questions), and Berry's Paradox, these are all related to issues of I'm sorry, but I just can't write a chapter of a book on randomness, laying out all the basics.
Even a tutorial on randomness has no shorter description than itself.
There are a bunch of Web pages. Keywords being: randomness, bit string complexity, algorithmic information theory, Kolmogorov, Solomonoff, Chaitin, etc.
There's a recent book devoted entirely to an introduction to randomness. Called "Randomness."
John Casti, Rudy Rucker, and John Barrow have all written good popular accounts. I can't remember if John Pierce's seminal book "Symbols, Signals and Noise" goes into this, but I expect it does.
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:40:43
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
The entropy of ordinary written English is about 2.2 bits per character. (Meaning, of course, that each new character contributes not much "surprise," i.e., is somewhat predictable. Entropies of various sources  can be experimentally measured.)
Others, particularly Eric Cordian, have already written at length on this claim of "100:1 compression of any file."
Steve Smale at Berkeley is a famous and respected mathematician. He may be unaware of these claims, he may be senile, he may have worked on some small (no pun intended) aspect as a paid consultant, or the actual compression may be lossy and oriented toward replacing JPEG with a better lossy algorith (as Iterated Systems, IIRC, has been doing with fractal compression).
The pigeonhole principle is not just a "theory," it's the _law_. You can't stuff distinct 64 things into 32 boxes without a lot of them being put into the same box. Which means reversing (decompressing) to the original won't work.
The Chaitin-Kolmogorov view of algorithmic information theory is the best model we have.
By the way, for all of you who struggled to understand Godel's Theorem expressed in the "logic" formulation that Godel first used--and that was the basis of Newman's fairly popular exposition--there are very understandable formulations of Godel's Theorem in terms of information theory and compressibility. Chaitin has a very clean one (no Kleene pun intended). Rudy Rucker does a good job of explaining it in "Mind Tools." Chaitin also has some good books and articles, though some of them jump too quickly into stuff like computing Omega...his "Scientific American"-level articles on the foundations of mathematics are better places to start...included in some of his books.
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2002-01-11 19:59:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
I guess all the television footage showing the helicopter and the grenade dropped by one of the Fatah members was Zionist propaganda. Those Jews are really sneaky!
(What's worse is that they implanted false memories in me, as I saw the coverage live on ABC as it happened.)
--Tim May
"The Constitution is a radical document...it is the job of the government to rein in people's rights." --President William J. Clinton

@_date: 2002-01-14 20:54:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: True Names reviewed on /. 
Typical of Slash Dot carelessness.
I wrote that essay several years ago and it is essentially unchanged from what I wrote then. The words are mine. None of them are the words of the editor except in terms of light copyediting.
Jim Frenkel, the editor, made a few changes, but they are hard to find. The changes involve deleting a few phrases he thought could be pared down. The writing, the organization, the phrasing, etc. is all mine. Dig up versions I posted several years ago if you don't believe me.
(Due to his sending me repeated messages to "tcmay instead of to "got.net," he only reached me this last go-round just days before the final submission to the printer. I made a few typo and vocabulary changes in the day or two I had and submitted the changes.)
Sure, there's a difference between the writing style in my published articles (this one, the Imagina piece reprinted in Peter Ludlow's "Crypto Anarchy" collection, etc.) and in things I write for the Cypherpunks list. "Duh!"
I appreciate the reviewer thinking it's a good introduction and overview. I spent a fair amount of time organizing the ideas and trying to at least touch on most of the important ideas and applications. And to tie it in to "True Names," especially the "colonization of cyberspace" (or cypherspace) aspect. Namely, the role crypto and robust protocols will play in "holding the walls up" (in Snow Crash Multiverses, Habitats, and True Names immersive VRs) and in building digital economies in cyberspace. Crypto is about a helluva lot more than just PGP and RSA...it's about building the I-beams and sheetrock that will allow robust structures to be built, it's about the railroad lines and power lines that will connect the structures, and it's about creating Galt's Gulch in cyberspace, where it belongs.
This is the "vision" that is what Cypherpunks is/was/should be really about. The low-tech jive about mere things like "e-mail privacy" was fairly banal ten years ago and is even more so today.
Our physical Cypherpunks gathering on Saturday was not so great. Several reasons. But it shows the need to get back to a different focus. For The evening of the CP meeting was a huge and crowded party at Brad Templeton's house (Brad was the rec.humor.funny guy, then the founder of Clarinet, now some kind of honcho in EFF.) The Usual Suspect, including founders of companies and science fiction authors, lots of Apple and Sun employees, etc. Also the core bunch of E (the capability language, see  folks. And Eric Drexler, the nanotech guy.
I had a fascinating chat with Shawn O'Connor, who doesn't choose to post to the CP list (I forget why not). The chat helped to crystallize some ideas I have; maybe I'll write them up soon. (Related to three pictures of crypto and financial instrument ontologies). This quiet, but intense, chat was worth more than any several "business as usual" Cypherpunks Thanks, Shawn! And consider posting here, please.
The connection with the above-reviewed article is that more of this kind of "way out" stuff is in the article, less in articles here. Which is natural, as each article ("rant") here cannot be a self-contained tutorial on things which were laid out nearly 10 years ago. (Not claiming the work was finished then, or now. Just claiming that we must assume a certain amount of foundational things. This is one reason I used to urge folks like Faustine to do some homework and learn what we knew a decade ago, surely 5-6 years ago. Perhaps if she reads the "True Names" collection she'll be better able to contribute.)
This is why books are still needed and why Slash Dot readers should think about learning to read them.
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2002-01-15 04:01:53
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Unites States, a Rogue terror state, violates Geneva 
Why would it not? It was the regime controlling Afghanistan. Sure, it was not the regime that signed the Geneva Accords of Whichever Type, but neither is the Bush Jr. Administration the same as the Clinton, Bush Sr., Reagan, Carter, Ford, Nixon, Johnson, Kennedy, Eisenhower, or Truman Administrations.
Nor is the Putin Administration the same as whatever band of brigands ran Russia 50 years ago. And so on.
The Taliban Regime was as much in the line of succession as any of hundreds of other regimes.
That the U.S. is choosing to ignore the Geneva Accords of Whichever Type is, hopefully, one more nail in their coffin.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-01-16 01:27:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: NSA crippling of crypto makes Congress vulnerable to attack 
Something that's sad is that the National Security Agency has abdicated its role in helping to secure communications critical to these United States. To wit, its COMSEC role. Part of the charter of the NSA is to provide COMSEC for critical communications, including ensuring strong ciphers. Because it has spent much of the past decade trying to slow down strong encryption and introduce back doors into commercial products, the very consumer products that are now being bought in droves by Congressmen and other employees typically have extremely weak crypto in them.
Blueberries and similar devices are now being given to Congressmen and other government employees and officials as a means of communicating with them in times of national emergency.
Laptops with kiddie-grade disk security ("Datawhack uses a proprietary virtual one time pad which uses a secret algorithm to encrypt your disk") are the norm.
Cellphones are easily interceptable.
And this is, not surprisingly, what those inside the Beltway (and outside, actually, as the effective radius has pushed way out into the sprawl of Virginia and Maryland former horse country regions) are buying at their local Circuit City and Best Buy stores. Thank the NSA and folks like Dorothy Denning for stunting the implementation of good crypto in consumer products.
Good to know that Al Quaida knows the ARDIS hacks and will have them ready to go when they strike next: Blueberry Emergency Alert to Rep. Barney Frank: "Rep. Frank, report soonest to this [isolated] location in the woods [where our agents can kill you]. signed, Agent Farr [Abdullah Al Ragheda]."
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2002-01-16 04:04:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Mostly untraceable ordering of books by mail 
For physical books, there's always physical cash. (Pace the "Uncle Fester's" book bought in the Denver bookstore, that the Feds want the bookstore to reveal the buyer of.)
For online purchases, this trend of Feds snooping on reading habits could be a business opportunity for an anonymized online buying system. How could physical delivery be arranged?
First, purchase with some form of untraceable credit card.
Second, delivery to a local bookstore or even a Mailboxes, Etc., with pickup by matching the ID. For a small commission.
(This should not be in violation of any laws. This is not a mail cover, nor a money changing, etc. operation. Just a package delivery service.)
One can imagine t.v. cameras set up, but unlikely if there are thousands of such delivery sites.
Organizations like the ACLU, EFF, etc. could even set up such book-ordering services, perhaps via liberty-sympathetic lawyers in various cities and towns, to make the PR point that such services are the only way around government snooping on the citizen-units.
(Of course, any normal bookstore is free to order a book and then take cash for it. I've ordered books without ever leaving my name or number and then paying in cash. This works better for conventional books than it does for controversial books on bomb-making, pot-growing, or sex.)
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-01-19 02:44:04
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: One arms violent people with weapons 
Nothing new here. Beltway Bandits, NGOs, contractors. Look to the hundreds of thousands of workers in Crystal City, Reston, Lorton, Springfield, Greenbelt, Arlington, Bethesda, and dozens of other D.C./NOVA/Delmarva communities for evidence that most of the government's agents are nominally in the private sector.
Nothing new here. The German police state subcontracted much work to Krupp, Bayer, etc.
--Tim May
"The Constitution is a radical document...it is the job of the government to rein in people's rights." --President William J. Clinton

@_date: 2002-01-17 18:55:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Responsibility. 
I don't care what you would like this forum characterized or mischaracterized as.
Fact is, many of us support replacing the current U.S. Government with something much closer to the intent of the Founders.
Personally, I think it would be a _good_ thing if a massively violent event were to cut the head off the snake. This would speed up the And crypto anarchy makes possible the wider use of various interesting technologies in support of these goals. Blacknets, data havens, contract assassinations (not the jimbell "lotteries," which are spectacularly inefficient), tax avoidance, destabilization of central regimes, instructions for building weapons of mass destruction, and so on.
Don't like these views? Fine.
If you fear having your reputation tainted by the views expressed here, You have never contributed anything worth discussing here. Nearly all of your messages are whines that we are not being responsible or are warnings that we'd better tone down our views or face prosecution.
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2002-01-17 17:55:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Responsibility. 
Back on the list for a day or two and already you are back in your tired old pattern of claiming that there is some collective guilt for the actions of individuals.
What "mattd" writes about is of little concern to me--I filter his garbage into the right spot for it.
The notion that others have to "denounce" his views, or my views, or your views is wrong-headed. People say a lot of things, and others are free to believe or not believe what they say. It is not our collective responsibility, nor any of our individual responsibilities, to denounce or repudiate them.
And your insinuation that we are using mattd, for example, as a cat's paw for "violent political action" (?) while "obtaining plausible deniabilty" is pernicious.
Things must be quiet in Crawford with the Prez gone, but this is no excuse for you to return to this list and resume your trolling.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-01-19 02:37:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Disease vectors. 
But I must say that we are a pale imitation of our role in 1993-95, when we published the RC-R cipher, blew the whistle on the NSA's proposal to have Jim Bidzos "run over" in his parking lot, provided the Stealth fighter blueprints, published the home address of notorious killer and FBI agent Lon Horiuchi, and generally sought ways to undermine the NSA, DIA, CIA, and other intelligence agencies operating in support of America's New World Order.
Agent Farr, it is possible you will survive the upcoming trials and executions. If you do, reflect on your sins.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2002-01-21 00:47:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: More clueless news forwardings 
Utter nonsense. Your understanding of the law is primitive.
--Tim May
""Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined." --Patrick Henry

@_date: 2002-01-20 16:42:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: More clueless news forwardings 
Recently arrived here from Choate Prime, Jei the Finn sends us 12 (that I counted) forwarded news items on Saturday. I guess he thinks we need Yet Another News Forwarding Service.
He joins mattd, Choate, Hettinga and others in the filter file.
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2002-01-21 00:53:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Herman Kahn on the futility of pansy-left anarchism (was: 
Your quoting is misleading. Someone else wrote the second paragraph.
Please take care to quote correctly.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2002-01-21 18:51:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Backscatter X-ray system. 
The Glock 17 is mostly metal, like nearly all other handguns. Only part of the frame is polymer, a design move also seen with some H&Ks (before Glock, actually), some SIGs, and so on.
The slide, barrel, and various other parts show up on x-ray systems very --Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-01-23 18:48:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Ecash fraud resolution 
The general rule of thumb is:
When the payoff for defection (fraud, failure to pay) is greater than the likely/expected future revenue stream from honorable behavior, defection is more likely.

@_date: 2002-01-23 08:28:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Ecash fraud resolution 
Escrow and online clearing.
As you defined it, there is of course no way to resolve the problem. No more so than if Alice says she sent ordinary cash in the mail and Bob claims he never got it, or it was in the wrong amount, and so on.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2002-01-23 19:23:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler's Theory of Nymity 
I found it with Google in under a minute (and my system is sluggish whilst downloading 125 ripped-off eBooks).
It's in the Usenet archives, easily findable.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2002-01-25 16:22:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
I said the height of the _remaining_ portion of the sphere, with the core drilled out as described, is 10 cm:
"Appendix: A math puzzle. Imagine a solid sphere. Maybe the sphere is made of plutonium. A drill bit is lowered onto the sphere, going right through the center, centered on the center (that is, the drilled-out core is not off-center in any way. What is left is a sphere with a cylindrical section (and the two end caps) removed. The height of the remaining part of the sphere is 10 centimeters. What is its volume?"
That rules out "if the drill is wider than the sphere."
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2002-01-25 16:22:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
But if you were devious enough, you would realize that "can't answer Tim's riddle without knowing the radius of the drill" allows for offering the infinitesimal drill bit "trick" as a valid solution to the Which is what Mike Motyka offered: a sphere of radius 5 cm is drilled by a vanishingly narrow drill bit. The height of the "remaining" portion of the sphere is 10 cm. The remaining volume is thus the familiar "four thirds pi r cubed," or about 524 cc.
This solution satisfies all the conditions established. The devious mind looks for shortcuts like this.
The theoretical mind then wonders if maybe the solution truly is independent of the size of the drill bit. Would a sphere the size of the earth, with a core taken out so as to leave a volume only 10 cm high also have this same volume?
Mr. Anonymous has done a few pages of calculations...I haven't verified the steps. But, yes, the volume of the remaining portion is independent of the size of the drill bit. (Showing that the diameter, d, of the drill bit drops out completely is the easiest formal proof.)
Mike Motyka must think as I do. This problem was posed to a table of us in college. My friends started calculating, or claiming the problem was unsolvable. (Fortunately, none of them went the Choate route and argued I figured that if the guy posing the question was careless enough to not provide enough information to solve the problem, then I could use a "trick" solution. I offered it and he nodded. Being that I used the Houdini-like trick, I offered my solution in the first couple of minutes. Then we all discussed why it was plausible that the remaining volume would not be dependent on the core size, that the diameter d of the drillbit would drop out.
Similar riddles, usually solvable with trickery, show how creativity often involves trickery. As opposed to plodding through pages of calculatons. Kekule's discovery of the ring structure of benzene, Feynman's "trick" of assuming particles moving backwards in time, and many other examples of "thinking outside the box."
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2002-01-25 16:04:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
Not a solution to the problem posed, as there is no object at hand to measure. The problem has a solution, already given here.
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2002-01-25 16:02:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
Yes, as was clear from several people (Motyka first, though) getting the correct answer.
As usual, Choate jumped into a linguistic obfuscation.
I'm glad Choate doesn't work for me.
Linguistics instead of problem-solving.
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2002-01-25 15:59:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
Yes, this is correct (modulo your acknowledged typo, where it should be "5 cubed." But you got the right numerical value, so I know it was just a typo in your text.
You were the first to reply, and your replied very quickly (before I posted, according to timestamps, indicating the usual problems with timestamps and timezones and GMT vs. blah blah).
I'll say more about the "trickery" in a separate post.
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2002-01-24 21:59:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Thinking outside the box, deviously 
I meant to send this to Cypherpunks, but only sent it to David Honig. So, he's a slight head start on solving the puzzle.
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2002-01-29 01:54:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: I spoke too soon!  (was Re: Crypto Winter (Re: Looking back 
I'll sell you mine. It may need a wallwart power supply, if I can't find Contact me if interested in seeing it at a physical meeting. Offers --Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-01-31 23:22:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Flying chicken (Was: Anarchist Q+A) 
I have no quibbles with such coinages as "anarchist community." A bunch of folks, a commune, an extended family, even a group like Cypherpunks can be--and usually is, in fact--an "anarchist community."
In the very understandable sense that there are no "uses of force" to impose order or rule of law. "An arch," as we should all know by now.
The international trading community is an anarchy, as noted by Bruce Benson in "The Enterprise of Law" and discussed many times by others, including David Friedman and even myself.
Which disputes the anarchist community notion is which way? Anarchies are in fact the norm, not something that has rarely been tried.
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2002-02-26 06:32:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
My next door neighbor designs the seats and interiors for the largest (or second-largest) private system.
This has been an established market for years. 911 is not even the most important reason it's booming.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-26 01:41:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Chinese=5FSpam=5F=5F=3D28Fwd:=5F=3DE8=3DAA=3DA0= 
At a party on Saturday, the subject of the huge amount of Chinese language spam came up. Lucky had the best idea: reply to it with forbidden language about arms shipments, revolution, etc.
The general idea is to say something like "Thank you for your communication. Death to the fascist Communist government!"
I've been doing this today, with a special .sig set up to include some English language about "Death to the Communist Party" and shipments of nerve gas (VX) through Hong Kong. I sought out some actual Chinese character "forbidden language."
I found some Falun Gong (the banned Chinese cult) material, in some variant of Chinese (Mandarin or Cantonese...I don't really know) material and included it in my .sig.
Enough of these sorts of replies (please invent your own!!) could maybe get some of these spammers killed by their governments.
Please do your part.
Here's one of the ones I sent back today:
(OS X on the Mac shows the Chinese characters well, Unicode and all, but your mailer may not.)
Begin forwarded message:
ge1
f/eg>e=d::f	d?!e%	geeeg+e=d9f,hig8fgc...
e$)efe$)e8d;f;g;i=e(ed:,h/e>ed8-e=gi"e/>fe1h/c
d;gee?d;,o<
(f/d8g'd;d;,ih&e(d8-e=f>e<gh!d8:c

@_date: 2002-02-25 17:10:26
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Blair accidently sells the roads (was Re: BBC article: 
Shouldn't there be an "e" in "choatic"?
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns

@_date: 2002-02-24 17:05:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Judea Pearl's excellent book, "Causality" 
I had wondered if Judea Pearl, the UCLA professor and author of the book "Causality," was related to the kidnapped Pearl. A couple of minutes with a search engine would've turned up the answer...a few days ago I did one search, but I think I used "Jonathan Pearl" instead of "Daniel Pearl," due to a brain fart. I did the search a few minutes ago and confirmed that Yehuda Pearl is the same Judea Pearl who's a professor of cognitive science at UCLA.
Just last night I was mentioning to Lucky and Robin at a party that the Pearl book was one of my current favorites. ("Causality" is a formal analysis of how causes propagate, going beyond just using probability to establish correlations. Pearl has moved beyond his views of a decade ago that he expressed in his earlier classic book on probabalistic networks. There are connections between causal networks and the Dempster-Shafer belief networks and possible worlds theories. )
So, finding that the Judea (Yehuda...never heard him called that before) Pearl is the father of Daniel Pearl is...interesting.
Like I said, his name just came up last night in a completely different context from that of his son's kidnapping and execution.
My article from last Apri, "Reputations, Belief, Identity, and Networks," is at:
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2002-02-18 19:38:00
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Protection of the Righteous Act applies to Whole World, Say 
To expand on this a bit, the problem is that at the founding of these United States, there was essentially no intent to regulate the dealings of other nations so long as their dealings did not directly affect the security of the land mass of the U.S. or the safety of their citizens while visiting other countries. (The kidnapping of Americans by the Barbary Pirates being a good example of where U.S. military action was taken in foreign lands.)
Not even "intellectual property" was treated as a case where U.S. laws applied worldwide. Indeed, U.S. factories did very well by out-and-out stealing the methods and machinery of the English mills. New England was aptly named.
International treaties and conventions have changed all this, and now that Pax Americana is being extended by force and threat into all corners of the globe, American laws are now claimed to apply universally.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2002-02-18 02:39:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: RESEARCHERS CRACK NEW WIRELESS SECURITY SPEC 
"TACOMA, MD -- (Routers News Service). A professor and his graduate student at the University of Maryland were arrested today and charged with violating the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. It was alleged that they developed "circumvention tools" and that they analyzed a security protocol in violation of the DMCA. They face 25 years in prison for each of two charges. Bail has been set at two million dollars for each of --Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2002-02-17 06:30:00
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: On NOT publishing the public half of a key-pair (fwd) 
If you were paying attention these last half dozen years you'd know how long I've been espousing this point of view.
You can read my critique of global web-of-trust models in an article about Dempster-Shafer and other probabalistic belief networks, circa Get a clue.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-13 02:30:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Libraries Cull Collections to Make Feds Happy 
I reported first-hand evidence of this in the first few weeks following 911, when I found a bunch of government sites on reactor locations, dam sites, etc. had been made inaccessible.
Others confirmed that hundreds of sources of public information--in many case information required by law to be public--ceased being available.
Like most government responses to 911, it was a feel-good cosmetic move. Anyone seriously interested in doing damage would spend the extra effort to get beyond the speed bumps, but ordinary folks won't.
Many already have done just such things. And not just recently.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-13 02:20:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tivo: Super Britney Replays Ruled 
I know that. I meant in the context of having a phone line, which I never had hooked up from 1996 to now.
What more can I say? I've had DirecTV since May 1996 and there has never been the slightest issue of having a phone line hooked up. Like I said, I never order PPV movies nor do I order any of the sports packages. Everything else is unencumbered by the lack of a phone connection.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2002-02-04 02:26:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: fbi raid anarchists house & web site/raisethefist 
Apparently the kid believed the crap they taught him in school about the First Amendment.
I hope the kid goes on to execute those who ordered his arrest.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2002-02-02 05:54:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: An attack on the 'Trusted Traveler' Pass 
WASHINGTON, D.C., (Routers) -- Attorney General John Ashcroft today announced more details of the "Trustee" program for Trusted Citizens. "Trustees are those who have show their trustworthiness by voluntarily, with no compulsion, providing their government with such information as detailed lists of their reading materials, lists of their friends, access to their Internet surfing histories, and medial and psychiatric record waivers," he told a press conference today at the Hoover Building. He emphasized that becoming a Trustee is completely voluntary, that those who wish to remain outside the system are free to face the soldiers with M-16s, free to have their bags checked for contraband novels, and free to be denied permission to travel because of membership in disloyal groups like Greenpeace and the ACLU.
Ashcroft pointed out that Trustees would receive preferential treatment at airports, railways, and bus terminals, reducing the amount of check-in time from the new 4-hour arrival before departure to just 30 minutes prior to departure. "Those who don't wish to apply for the Trustee certification are perfectly free to arrive at the airport 4 hours prior to scheduled departure. We are not holding a gun to their head. Of course, they may receive the scrutiny and strip searches our laws require for suspicious persons."
In a related move, 37 states have already announced that they will be using the Trustee card for expedited processing of driver's license renewals, property tax payments, jury duty identification, and other official state business. As Myra Waxwing, Director of Ohio's Public Safety Bureau pointed out, "If they don't have a Trustee card we think they must have something to hide. We are not requiring this card, but they can expect to spend an extra few hours renewing their driver's --Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2002-02-03 01:21:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: WalMart's War on NyQuil 
Why would she possibly be embarrassed over something like this?
And this has been going on for a while. I used to be able to buy 50- and 100-count bottles of generic pseudoephedrine (IIRC this was it...don't quote me on it), the same ingredient in Actifed, a cold/sinus pill. These generic bottles have vanished, to be replaced by blister packs of vastly more expensive pills containing the same ingredient.
Pseudoephedrine is related to speed, and I presume can be used to make purer forms of speed.
But all of the pills I saw were in blister packs, in big boxes, with a limited count.
(My guess is that there is some packaging rule and "bulk" rule, to blister pack and "fluff up" the package. I recall the blister packs I bought had 3 sheets of 6 or so pills, for a total of about 18 pills. All for much more than the 50-count bottles used to sell for at Long's or Sav-On stores.)
Perhaps the manufacturers are happy: no longer are the generic bottles competing with them.
What would happen if a manufacturer sold the 18-count packages at the same per--pill price as they used to sell for? I wonder if there are price controls in effect, or other limits besides just the obvious packaging and total count limits.
Unlikely, but this should be a reminder to you and others not to pay with credit cards and not to use a store's "Frequent Shopper" surveillance card. (I wonder what happens if one "seeks to evade tracking" by using someone else's card, or a card with a phony name, or one swapped with others? Nothing now, as there is no legal requirement nor verification system in place to stop people from using "Random J. Cipher" on their Frequent Shopper cards...that happens to be what's now on my Safeway card, courtesy of a "mix" we did a few years ago at a Cypherpunks meeting.)
We are hurtling toward a full surveillance state.
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-02-04 02:41:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: INFO: Intricate Screening Of Fliers In Works 
And how will they get the records from restaurants? (Ditto for the other "data mining" inputs, most of which are from private persons, companies, or organizations.) Subpoena of specific person records will not generate the data mining raw data they want.
Even in our headlong rush to a surveillance state, I don't see restaurants and bookstores turning over information on this kind of (Which leaves us with the credit card companies. Maybe FINCEN and DOJ can get specific records, but, again, the kind of terabytes per day of raw data to feed the data harvesters will not be easy to get. Unless the several credit reporting agencies elect to help Big Brother on a massive scale. We should be on the watch for this.)
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-02-05 03:36:21
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: encrypted data means Feds steal your computer forever? 
If the JBTs have seized the computers and made arrests, then probably losing $3000 (high end estimate, based on current prices) worth of computer gear is probably the least of one's concerns. A good shyster charges that for just a few hours' worth of consultation.
Of course, a few pounds of Semtex costs a lot less, and may rid the world of a few hundred JBTs.
ObSuperBowl: "By using encryption, you are helping the terrorists."
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-06 05:37:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: What Kind Of Government...... 
Mr. Happy Fun Court is "Not Amused."
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-02-06 02:11:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: spam attack on cpunks list 
My thanks for your efforts. (I would normally say "we thank you," but then there would be several foams from people saying I don't speak for anyone but myself.)
I also filter out several list subscribers who are also major sources of worthless forwarded articles with no content added: Choate (of course, a la " silliness), Mattd/proffr/etc., and Jei (who posts in burst of half a dozen or more of the usual news sources.)
What is it that makes people think they should forward ordinary news items, even in URL form? Do they think we don't have access to Yahoo, or CNN.com, or any of a dozen other news services which recirculate the same items?
I got a question from a normally-cluefull person who asked me if thought his news URLs were ill-considered. Yes, I told him. Because the items are so widely available and because if even a _fraction_ of us posted N of the items we see in a day, the list would be swamped by non-content articles. He said he saw my point, and he hasn't been forwarding news articles and URLs.
(Yeah, if anyone spots a truly relevant item, commenting on it is welcome. Or posting a URL. But simple game theory says that it's best that people don't just bounce things they read to our list, something Choate, mattd, and Jei seem to not understand.)
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2002-02-06 05:34:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Purging 90% of the human genome 
He sounds like the person I worked with in the infectious diseases lab in 1970. We worked in the same lab, mostly on monkey viruses and hepatitus-B,C. Simian retroviruses were our focus.
We talked about using technology to bring down the whole house of cards.. On trips into Maryland, to bleed the goats, we talked about what America had lost. On a visit to NRIID in Bethesda, we debated how realistic "The Andromeda Strain" was (the novel, as the film had not yet come out).
Some journalists are now claiming that our lab was involved in engineering HIV for use against homos and homo sapiens.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2002-02-12 00:58:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tivo: Super Britney Replays Ruled 
No, they don't care about the receiver's location. Data point: My DirecTV receiver was hooked up without a telephone hookup for almost 6 years with no issues or questions.
OK, then in that case I can unambiguously say a phone conncection is not required for what you were talking about.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-02-11 22:04:29
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tivo: Super Britney Replays Ruled 
I believe _only_ for PPV, as my phone line has been "unavailable" to the UTV box for most of the time it's been in my house. (I never use PPV.)
All functions are still available.
The phone connection is needed for WebTV, which may be what you were thinking of. I've of course never used WebTV.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2002-02-07 18:24:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tivo: Super Britney Replays Ruled 
I recently got an "UltimateTV" hard disk recorder, manufactured by Sony and part of the Microsoft/WebTV/DirecTV product consortium (or whatever it is).
35 hours of recording, integrated DirecTV satellite receiver (two tuners, actually), AND NO MONITORING OF VIEWING HABITS (they claim, and a telephone connection is not actually required...if they can monitor viewing habits some other way, I'd be surprised).
FWIW, I paid $250 at Circuit City (after $200 in rebates), plus I signed up for the $10 a month subscription which enables the most important programming features. I don't have time to write a review here of the features, but I'm very happy with the options it gives me.
(I encourage people not to bother writing replies that are either of the form "TV is a waste of time" or "You got ripped...you can build your own Linux box with an ATI Radeon TV card and have 700 hours of recording, if you do it yourself.")
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2002-02-09 19:13:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Shmoo Group - Software security geek site (fwd) 
I should have written "Its name is what its name is."
Normally I'm tuned-in to the differences between "its" and "it's," but it's sometimes confusing to me that the possessive form of "it" is not  "it's." Tim's mistake is to sometimes assume it's logical that its spelling would include an apostrophe. Actually, mostly this happens when I don't spend any time proof-reading, which I rarely do in this informal (I once did a search on this issue and discovered that up until a few hundred years ago, the possessive form of "it" was indeed commonly seen as "it's." However, the possessive forms "hers" and "his" and "theirs" triggered the switch from "it's" to "its." That, and the overloaded form "it's" for "it is.")
Apostrophe's in plural's remain a no-no, though this has become common.
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-02-09 18:06:31
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Shmoo Group - Software security geek site (fwd) 
Historical usage, including the important aspect of coinage,  favors "shmoo." It was the name of a creature in the "L'il Abner" cartoon strip, from the late 1940s. It's name is what it's name is.
BTW, we used to make "shmoo plots" showing chip performance results.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-11 05:37:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Konformist: SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT ENRON'S CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS 
This report was widely available MORE THAN THREE WEEKS AGO.
Today is February 10th...that report, which rehashed familiar material, is dated January 18th.
Your spam has become intolerable.
You have never had an original thing to say here.
Please leave.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-14 16:26:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: DC to get spycams --"no choice but to accept it" 
Precisely so. Brin's formulation is flawed from the onset by the monopoly of use of force that the State has.
"We'll watch you, and you'll watch us!," except the State has the guns, the tax power, the control, the ability to set up areas where no cameras can legally be placed.
Imagine the situation in Iran or Afghanistan if they implemented BrinWorld: The mullahs outlaw televisions, radios, magazines, Western books, and whatever else their theocracy dislikes. Imagine that the mullahs themselves are being watched by video cameras. Would this lessen the oppressiveness of the theocratic, totalitarian state? Of course not. Because the issue is NOT mostly about "whether cops follow the rules," which is where BrinWorld went off the rails.
The issue is not really "who will watch the watchers." That's minor compared to the more fundamental issues of state power and coercion, whether watched with video cameras or not.
The notion that a Panopticon (everything being watched) is desirable is one of the weirdest mutations of political theory in the past century.
--Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-02-14 00:28:39
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: DC to get spycams --"no choice but to accept it" 
The American television program "The Agency" had a refreshingly honest angle on this whole thing: British surveillance nazis were busy using the ubiquitous cameras in parks to look up the skirts of attractive women sitting on the park benches. (The cameras are shown as having zooms and some very tightly crotched, er, cropped images are easy to get.
An interesting hack would be install webcams around the homes of Supreme Court justices and their clerks and staff.
"Oh, but our cameras are official...no, we can't show you a blanket search warrant for why our cameras are legal but yours are not...by asking these questions you must be a terrorist."
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-02-14 00:44:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "Stole their back"? 
"Stole their back"?
This doesn't look like a misspelling, as the Hamming distance to any other word I can think of (bike?) is larger than most typos.
So, this is a Britishism I am not familiar with.
--Tim May
"Aren't cats Libertarian? They just want to be left alone.
I think our dog is a Democrat, as he is always looking for a handout"  --Unknown Usenet Poster

@_date: 2002-02-15 05:34:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: LNE C-punks archive 
I think filtering out the list members who post incorrect thoughts is a fine idea. As for how best to do it, maybe past censors are available to act as aribters of who is useless, who posts incorrect ideas, who must be filtered for legal reasons, who must be censored to avoid insulting employers, and so on.
Ah, an archive that starts on 2-13-02, deep in the twilight of the gods, and ends maybe in a few weeks. A quaint idea.
Never mind my suggestions above. Yours is not really a serious archive.
ObYoung: Do as thou wilt shall be the hole of the INSLAW.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-17 02:27:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted file system for FreeBSD? 
I read this about Mac OS X, which is based heavily on FreeBSD:
(in today's topics at "A number of readers offered a solution to the problem of securing data on Mac OS X with an encrypted virtual disk. It turns out that Apple offers just such a utility with the operating system:
[Ryan Cabell] "There is built-in support on OS X 10.1 for encrypted disk images. Use the Disk Copy utility and choose 'New Blank Image...' from the Image menu. There will be options for size, format and encryption. Unfortunately, unlike with PGP Disk, there is no option that I know of to automatically unmount the disk after an idle time."
[Ware Adams] "The included Disk Copy application has the option to use 128 bit AES encryption. Create a new image and select from the pop up menu at the bottom of the dialog. The image will work with the keychain so you can just double click it to mount once you've logged in and unlocked your keychain, but it is encrypted so if someone steals the image they can't read it. It also cannot be read under OS 9."
[Kevin Purcell] "For high security, you can encrypt part of your hard disk through the use of a disk image. You can then email this disk image can to other people who know the password. Simply open the Disk Copy utility, make a new image and set the encryption. The image will show up as a volume on your desktop. When your Keychain is locked, or when you send that disk image file to another person, the image is secure. When your Keychain is unlocked, you can copy, move and delete files as you would on any normal hard disk."

@_date: 2002-02-16 19:12:53
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: On NOT publishing the public half of a key-pair 
You still are. If Alice encrypts to Bob's public key, and then sends the encrypted message or leaves it on her disk, whatever, then the message is not readable by anyone who does not have Bob's _private_ key.
By contrast, use of a old-fashioned secret key means that anyone who saw Bob giving the secret key to Alice (wiretappers, for example) now has access to all communications using that secret key.
This was all covered in the mid-70s in the seminal Diffie and Hellman papers on how parties who have never met may nevertheless communicate securely without physically exchanging a key. (Interstellar communication being one of the examples...)
There are interesting issues, to be sure, such as man-in-the-middle attacks (e.g., the Rigelians one things one is communicating with are actually Zeta Reticulans who inserted themselves into the link.).
So public key systems have many elegant aspects that go well beyond the "universal phonebook" model.
I agree with the earlier poster (forgotten who) who said that publishing public keys is not at all necessary, or even recommended. I can think of so many reasons why this is so that I didn't even think it was important to voice my support for his or her point.
You'd rather swap secret keys?
Or is your claim that having your name, call it "Blacknet," in a registry means something? Absent a whole infrastructure of biometrics, of certificate authorities, etc., key registries are flawed.
The spoofing or MITM sorts of attacks are never easily solved, anyway.
Traveling to Finland is hardly the efficient way to handle this.
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2002-02-18 02:33:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Protection of the Righteous Act applies to Whole World, Say 
"2001" is misleading. I got my copy in July 1989 (so my copy says), and the copyright is 1985/86. She added a few items, but basically the book the book is very, very dated.
Confirming my point about how old it is. It tells us nothing libertarians didn't already know: butt out. Or, in Washington's paraphrased words, "avoid foreign entanglements."
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-02-17 06:43:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Protection of the Righteous Act applies to Whole World, Say 
Note the two versions of this same line of thinking:
--excerpt from a possible world--
"TEHERAN -- The Protection of the Righteous Act properly applies to activity outside the Muslim world, religious prosecutors said in their case against an American company charged with selling books insulting to the Prophet.  "A construction of the PRA that applied it only within the borders of the Muslim nations would thwart the faithful's intent to prevent circumvention technology from being available," the Teheran Religious Magistrate  told President Rafsanani in papers filed late last week.  "The ease with which materials can be moved around the Internet makes it impossible to conceive of an effective PRA statute that applied solely within Iran, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and other Muslim states."  That construction was the faithful's intent, as shown by its prohibition against importation of certain technology, prosecutors argued.
"The PRA authorizes us to arrest, and if necessary, kidnap, those in violation of the PRA anywhere in the world," Ayotollah Raghedi said. "It is no different from what the Great Satan has been doing for many years," he added.
--end excerpt--
If the U.S. can claim the entire world must obey its laws, so can Saudi Arabia, or Peru, or Bratislavistan.
No wonder they hate us so much.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-02-20 07:21:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Do you _ever_ stop nattering on about RAND? Nearly every other post practically licks their boots.
Stan Ulam was the main guy behind Monte Carlo methods. Giving Kahn this kind of credit is comparable to giving Nash the kind of credit for game theory he got in the latest Hollywood biopic.
[Rest of Faustine's Choate/Jei-like forwarded article snipped.]
--Tim May
"The Constitution is a radical document...it is the job of the government to rein in people's rights." --President William J. Clinton

@_date: 2002-02-20 07:15:44
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: 911 attackers awarded a "10" for effectiveness 
New York City had also been scarcely affected...
As you know, the nature of warnings and "could happens" is that they either happen or they don't happen. And unless and until they _do_ happen, it's easy to dismiss them.
I don't necessarily expect another WTC-scale attack, though there are some plausible attacks which could kill 10 times as many people, even 100 times as many.
And the economic effects of the WTC attacks were enormous. Direct costs of $100 B, lost business to NYC, and the steep decline in airline travel which has already driven several airlines into bankruptcy (Swissair, Sabena, US Air is close, UAL is also close). And the costs to our liberties....military checkpoints, suspension of chunks of the Bill of Rights, Pax Americana spreading across the globe, ground troops in the I'd say the 911 attackers merit a nearly perfect "10" for effectiveness.
Re the anthrax attacks, just a few letters did substantial economic damage (shutdowns of deliveries, talk of extending bill payments, a scramble for alternatives to paper mail). Had there been 100 letters mailed to random places, instead fo the 3-5 (or whatever), the damage would have been an order of magnitude worse. (Or the economic _gain_, if a conversion to e-mail and e-bills ultimately was hastened.)
If  even just a few anthrax-laden letters were still being sent  periodically, mailed from random mailboxes across the U.S., the implications would be enormous.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-02-28 16:58:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Michael Dell's statement about suspicious orders 
For all of the computers I've bought, dating back to 1978, I have never been asked a single one of these questions.
And lest anyone claim that this is because I bought before 911, my most recent computer purchase was in January of this year. No questions about me, my company, use of the machine, etc. None of their fucking business.
Sounds to me like Michael Dell (*) has deputized himself Sheriff of Dell County, no relation to Gateway Country.
With the new revelations that Dell Computer is an active supporter of Handgun Control Inc., more reason to avoid them and to actively seek ways to destabilize their business.
(* I bought my first hard disk drive in 1984 from PCs Limited, Austin, TX, the dorm room operation started by Dell.
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-02-28 16:48:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Michael Dell's statement about suspicious orders 
In a free society a person may sell to whom he wishes, or not sell, as he wishes.
Claims about making "considerations publicly known" and "law substantiates the restrictions" are inconsistent with a free society.
In a society not based on coercion, Dell is free to not sell to gun owners and other people they dislike...and we are free to ridicule them, launch boycotts, and try to drive them out of business.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-03-24 21:42:10
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Henry VI and Lawyer-Killing 
Yes, it's an oversimplification.
A full rewrite of the slogan would go like this:
"First, we separate the lawyers into three categories: those who can pay compensation for their crimes and can enter other fields, those who should kill immediately for their crimes, and, last but not least, those who must be tortured for their crimes and then killed."
My guess is that nearly all lawyers fall into the third category.
The Earl was far too kind to them.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-03-24 07:27:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Math and crypto videos available at msri.org 
I've been enjoying the streaming video lectures available at MSRI is the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute, which sits on a hill above UC Berkeley. MSRI is funded by NSF and other donors and has no apparent formal connection with UCB (that I can find).
The streaming videos need RealPlayer, but a free version is readily available. The quality is only mediocre...the mathematicians are still using overhead transparencies with scrawled writing, and this doesn't pick up and show well, at least on my own RealPlayer setup. And I get the usual jerky video from my slow dial-up line, but at least the audio track is excellent.
I haven't looked at the crypto lectures yet. Dan Bernstein has several of them, including on fast multiplication hardware for crypto. And the usual other mathematicians who do crypto are represented.
(BTW, having such videos--hopefully with better quality than overhead projectors--might be an interesting option for the "Crypto for T.C. Mits" project some of you have been talking about. )
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-03-24 02:02:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: gnu emacs MOTIVATION doc (Re: anonymously published 
And though the phrase sounds hackneyed, and is a book is title thusly, this is a true statement: "Do what you love and the money will follow."
Or, more precisely, "And if the money doesn't follow, at least you did what you wanted to...and a lot of people who chased the money doing something they hated ended up with squat."
When I was in my physics phase, my father used to bug me about how physics was not where money was to be made...and in the early 70s he sometimes cited the hoary reports of "physicists driving taxi cabs." But I wanted to do physics, so I did. I compromised a bit on not going into relativistic astrophysics, and did some catch-up work in solid state, landing me a job at Intel. A lot of fun, and a lot of money, though I didn't think about the money until many years later.
Lessons for self-starters are obvious. Who knows what the hot field of 20 years from now will be? (Actually, I have some fairly clear ideas.)
Sadly, I think a boatload of people who went into "security" because it was rated "Cool" by places like "Wired" are now finding it's not so cool after all. There are a lot of exciting aspects of it, but they sure as hell don' t involve working down in the bowels of some large corporation doing maintenance, which is what most "security professionals" end up The exciting stuff is right here, or in academic branches of crypto. Whether it ever leads to money depends on a lot of exogenous variables. Do what you love, first. It may be the only chance you'll ever have.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-03-23 23:08:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: anonymously published software examples (Re: Peer-to-Peer 
There are other examples of "one man projects with limited expectations of financial gain," whether anonymity was an issue or not. Stallman comes to mind. Ditto for a lot of the early Unix tools, even entire There was no need for anonymity or pseudonymity with the GNU work, or with Perl, but this could change at the rate things are now going.
Many people are motivated by ideology more than a desire for (often meager) financial benefits. Sure, most people want some recognition, or some compensation. But they often do things even when there's no prospect at all for recognition. Anonymous benefactors, for example.
And some people already have enough money to keep themselves happy...they are motivated primarily by ideological sorts of reasons. Examples abound.
This all seems so obvious to me.
--Tim May
"A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a
simple system that worked ...A complex system designed from scratch never  works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over,  beginning with a working simple system." -- Grady Booch

@_date: 2002-03-19 04:11:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Two-bit gods 
I meant to type "1992."
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2002-03-13 20:39:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: movie rating explosion as every cause-celebre gets its 
Please, people, take more care in not quoting entire news articles and then adding a line or two of comment. (This is sometimes called "bottom-posting." And "top-posting" is just as bad. Try to trim down the quoted content to half a screen, maybe 3/4 of a screen. If the new content has not started by the bottom of a normal screenful, that's not Also annoying these last few months of the Cypherpunks list have been the "Reformatted: Another stupid Yahoo article" posts. Someone forward Yet Another News Article (YANA), then someone else reposts it with formatting errors fixed. Jeesh. It's bad enough seeing endless b.s. articles which are available to all clued persons, even though with dial-up connections (like me), on numerous Web sites. At least we succeeded in breaking Choate of this habit...now a slew of Choate wannabees are posting YANAs here.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2002-03-06 21:29:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Osama doll takes on Ken and Barbie 
A thought experiment: Buy a Ken doll. Dress it up to look like Osama bin Laden, complete with his sort of beard and his favorite armaments. To make it obvious at a glance, have some sort of "Death to America" slogan being held up in his hand. Maybe have him standing on top of the WTC rubble, or with the WTC towers behind him. Then take a photo of this Osama Doll and post it on a Web site, with suitable publicity.
I'll bet Mattel, the makers of Ken and Barbie, have their shysters send a cease-and-desist order within days of learning of the site.
This might make for an interesting constitutional test of current trends (*).
(Where state attorneys general issue "warnings" to EBay to not be "disrespectful" to 911 victims, where publishers yank editorial cartoons under threat of lawsuits, and where the First Amendment seems to have been suspended in general.)
Not being a shyster, but watching them from afar, I would say that Mattel would make some kind of claim that their reputation is being injured, or that their copyrights control how people can depict Ken dolls. There was a recent case involving a performance artist using Barbie and Ken dolls in, IIRC, bondage and discipline or other kinky positions. I don't recall the outcome.
The defense I would use--aside from the "deep defense" of assassinating the lawyers and executives who filed the suit--would be to say that I *bought* the doll and, like millions of little girls and maybe little boys, will dress it as I damned well please. (I wonder if there's a shrink-wrap license included with each doll, limiting which clothes can be put on it?)
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2002-03-02 03:58:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Catholic Taliban spews on the Net 
Utter crap. The Vatican is not the Taliban.
When the Vatican and its agents start causing women to get themselves butchered in alleys for the sake of what some celibate priest claims is true, that'll be the time to start killing the Vatican's soldiers and Oh, well, never mind, then.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-03-06 03:24:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: authenticable physical bank notes 
Yes, I wrote about this about a decade ago. "Light Signatures" was an LA-based company proposing to authenticate physical objects by taking a scan of some property (e.g., a scan of the striations in a factory-made Harley-Davidson motorcycle part) and then computing an RSA signature of this scan and printing it on the object.
A customer (or a machine shop installing a part) could take the printed number, run it through the public key of the vendor, and produce an analog scan which they could compare to the analog scan they saw on the Anybody can take the number and verify that it matches the analog scan, but nobody except the private key holder can take the analog scan and generate a number which works as above.
I was told about this company in 1989 by Jim Omura, then CEO of Cylink. I have no idea what became of the patents and the company.
--Tim May
"Aren't cats Libertarian? They just want to be left alone.
I think our dog is a Democrat, as he is always looking for a handout"  --Unknown Usenet Poster

@_date: 2002-03-06 17:22:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: The living _won't_ envy the dead 
Comment on the original thread title: It's bizarre to see politicians saying "We should have been told about the nuke suspected to be in NYC!" The smuggling of a nuke into D.C., the missing suitcase/demolition nukes, all that stuff, was a hot topic of discussion _here_ and in many places. (Of course, many who talked about the missing nukes, even giving their model numbers and depot sites, were sometimes labelled as paranoids. Now the politician sheeple are bleating that they were left in the dark.)
I saw it about 30 years ago. I recognized it for the "lefty Brit" (redundant, I suppose) propaganda it was. Of course, the U.S. lefties had their own scary propaganda, including "Testament" and "The Day After." And then there was the utter implausibility of "On the Beach."
Not that a nuclear war is a day in the park, but the film portrayed most of Airstrip One as being utterly devastated. In fact, given the prevailing wind patterns across England and the rest of the U.K., much of the country would be virtually unaffected in a likely counterforce strike. Also, in the 35 years since the film was made, weapons have gotten much more accurate (even on the Russian side) and smaller, on average. Where once the Russians tested a 50 megaton H-bomb (but probably never mounted on a missile), the favored size is 2.5 MT and smaller. Greater accuracy means less megatonnage needed.
And there is the whole issue of how many warheads are even targeted these days.
Those areas that are downwind of the major blast sites would be primarily hit by fallout...which is where fallout shelters make a big difference. (Someone in this thread recently referred to "blast shelters"...these are expensive to build and were never the thrust of civilian or corporate civil defense.)
The horrors in "Wargame" would be real for those in the zone between "nearly instant death" and "death within the first month." No doubt many would suffer. This is to be expected, part of the admittedly high death toll from nuclear weapons.
However, many would survive. And many on the "ecotone," the zone between living and dying, will benefit from taking precautions and not just doing the old 60s lefty mantra: "bend over and kiss your ass goodbye."
The living will not envy the dead, any more than those who survived World War II envied the dead.
Some people even take responsibility for their own safety. Some people even choose to live outside of crowded target areas. Do a search on Schelling points and terrorist/statist targets. Realize why some have moved to coastal regions, downwind from only the ocean. Or why others have stocked up on items useful if smallpox or plague or nuclear war breaks out...or even if martial law is declared. Which of these is likely I won't get into here, but for a relatively small amount of money a person can be pretty well prepared. No guarantee of survival of course, but better than "bend over and kiss your ass goodbye" defeatism.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-03-14 06:46:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Slashdot | Document Retention And E-mail 
As always, if a pair of eyeballs can see something, the jig is up. All the talk of "anti-screen-scraping" is just b.s.
This won't stop the shakedown artists in Washington, Ottawa, Paris, London, and so on from seeking to collect rent from hardware sold to the "A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a
simple system that worked ...A complex system designed from scratch never  works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over,  beginning with a working simple system." -- Grady Booch

@_date: 2002-03-14 17:08:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Photoshop as a "circumvention tool" 
Photoshop is an obvious "circumvention tool."
(This may not be far from the truth. Color copiers have been under various controls, we hear. Of course, very high-quality scanners, programs like Photoshop, and high-quality printers more than exceed color copiers, so the point has become moot. But we may see a range of software programs classified as circumvention tools as we enter the New Copyright World Order.)
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2002-03-14 17:21:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Hawaii Wi-Fi: History looping 
ALOHANet, or AlohaNet, as I recall. An experiment with packet radio.
History loops in many interesting ways. The current WiFi/802.11b nets remind me more of FidoNet than anything else. Daisy-chains and local meshes, with wireless playing the role of phone lines.
A good thing, though. (And, yes, we talked about the implications of this in the early days of the list, and even before. Wireless nets, uses for data havens (where nobody knows who is _receiving_), cross-border networks (San Diego to Tijuana, and back).
Things may not be as bad as we sometimes think...
As to metaphor of history looping, maybe we can say the Hawaii experience is being _telescoped_. I get a keck out of puns like that.
--Tim May
"The Constitution is a radical document...it is the job of the government to rein in people's rights." --President William J. Clinton

@_date: 2002-03-15 17:39:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Let's knock off the "Reformatted" repostings of junky news 
...rest of reformatted article snipped...
And even if they are not properly formatted posts, if they are just more fucking news articles, PLEASE DON'T WASTE BANDWIDTH by politely reformatting them and sending them again!
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-03-16 01:28:17
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: New heights of spam from Choate and MattX 
rest of drug-addled gibberish elided....
Hey, with all of the folks offering "reformatted" repostings of rehashed repeats of old news here, can't anybody offer to translate this architect/nutcase guy's posts from his internal crackpipe lingo into something resembling English?
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-03-16 01:25:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: New heights of spam from Choate and MattX 
No, I wasn't.
But on the issue of filtering first, this is of course what I have been doing for years.
But noting that one poster has spammed the list with more than 25 articles in a span of about 24 hours and another has spammed the list with only a slightly lesser amount, accounting for two thirds of the total list traffic during that period, is worth commenting on.
As for my "whining," you need to get some sense of reality.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2002-03-15 17:29:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: New heights of spam from Choate and MattX 
Being away from the Net for nearly 24 hours, I wondered why I was getting 90 e-mails downloading, but only about 16 messages in my "Cypherpunks" filtered mailbox. So I looked at what the cat drug in:

@_date: 2002-03-19 03:49:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Two-bit gods 
I have been subscribed to the Cypherpunks list(s) continuously since the beginning. I briefly stopped posting for a month in early '97, but remained subscribed. Except for accidental unsubscribings and outages, continuous for coming up on 10 years.
I can tell you all that Choate is lying. There was no change in charter, no "new charter," no loss of continuity from the onset.
His recent claims that his new node has a different charter and different focus from past stages of the list is silly. And the discussion topics bear out my claim: the range of topics is the same as range of topics in 1998, as in 1995, and as in 1991. To be sure, some new topics arise and some old topics fade. But not because SSZ or Algebra or some other cabal decided what was appropriate and what was Maybe he thinks his SSZ node has different rules. Maybe it does. It's not where I get list traffic from.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-03-21 00:19:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: List analysis. 
FWIW, I counted only two (2) mildly interesting articles during that 24-hour period, of what I saw in my filtered feed. None of the discussions of the day's news events were interesting, and none of the "meta discussions" were interesting, by my standards.
Back to reading Egan's "Distress" I go.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2002-03-21 16:46:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Books, Ideas, the List, and Getting Back to Basics 
I fully agree.
Yes, but this isn't stopping legislators and buttinskies from proposing new legislation, of course. Not that I care all that much.
(Despite my very strong political views, I dislike the focus of the CP list on "legalpunks" crusades. Ditto for the focus of physical meetings, of other organizations, etc. The war will be won with technology, not Agreed. Like I said, a good time to get back to basics.
--Tim May
"The Constitution is a radical document...it is the job of the government to rein in people's rights." --President William J. Clinton

@_date: 2002-03-20 22:07:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Books, Ideas, the List, and Getting Back to Basics 
Oh, I forgot to finish my thought here, as I was hopping around as I "Ender's Shadow" follows another character, the little kid "Bean."
I found it dismissable. It's a not a novel which even supports the points Card made so well in the original.
He even throws in some gibberish about how the authorities could "if they wanted to" track down Locke and Demosthenes, the writers using pseudonyms on the Net of the future. (Some of us had drawn some insight from this early use of nyms. Untraceable remailers had a lot to do with enabling this kind of effective untraceability for speech and other Maybe Card decided that this kind of untraceability was bad in some way (allows child porn and other bad things). Maybe he became convinced that "big enough computers can do anything."
Whatever, he now appears to be backpedalling on the whole issue of untraceability and nyms.
(These play only a small role in "Ender's Shadow," so his backpedalling is not glaring. But it shows how what once made "Ender's Game" so interesting is now "redacted.")
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-03-20 21:56:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Books, Ideas, the List, and Getting Back to Basics 
I'm reading Greg Egan's SF novel, "Distress." Very imaginative, very much in the "if those goes on" tradition of Heinlein, though with different politics. Like his earlier novel, "Permutation City," this kind of fiction does more to get my juices flowing than any of the traditional "cyberpunk" authors do (even if they have throwaway lines about coderunners and Cypherpunks and data havens).
I savor the ideas Egan so fluidly rolls out and draw inspiration.
(BTW, I finally got around to reading the "parallel novel" to Card's "Ender's Game." Set at the same time, "Ender's Shadow" follows
As for list topics, the list has fallen below critical mass. I can't work up the energy to compose any kind of big article when:
1) few will read it
2) when most of the attendees at _physical_ Cypherpunks meetings, for whom this list _used_ to be a means of communication, are not subscribed to the list and may not even know it exists. Physical meetings seem to be oriented toward just rehashes of whatever's in the news (digital copyright junk, Sklyarov, who's laying off, Jim Bell, etc. I find there's no longer any shared vocabulary with most of these job-seeking mutants. (And more and more of those physical attendees look like the audience members in Apple's famous "1984" commercial.)
3) the dot com bust and shakeout in the security and crypto business has had an effect...too many obvious aspects to discuss.
4) spammers, Choate, Agent Farr, Mattd, Faustine, and dozens of other marginal people, including a slew of halfwits who use remailers to lob silly insults from.
5) the lack of any major pressing crypto prosecutions (no threats to PRZ, no Bernstein case, no crypto export laws to speak of) has taken a lot of the "sex appeal" (or revolutionary fervor) out of the crypto issue. Crypto is getting back to being just the same boring math and protocols that it was before it got to be so hot. (Related to the fact that the really cool stuff which motivated the early CP meetings and list discussions has been longer in coming, or is not coming at all, or is not related to job searches!)
We've had a long ride. Ten years is a long time.
(I didn't intend for this to sound like a swan song message. I'm not leaving. I'll continue to post. But these are some pretty clear trends. The list has been declining for several years, for multiple reasons...not all of them listed above. So sue me.)
This stagnation has happened to a few other lists I either subscribe to, or see traffic from. For example, only about a single message per month on the "Nym" list. Some of the Extropians-related and other futurist lists, which I sometimes look at in their archives, are almost as The reasons are more than just lack of filters or moderators. The actual content is minimal.  The heyday of many of these lists was, not too surprisingly, around 1991-94. This was the period when huge numbers of e-mail accounts were becoming available to lots of people, through faster modems and the rise of services like Portal, Netcom, Earthlink, AOL, etc. And then in 1994-5 the Web hit big. So we had a huge pool of people coming online. Not a coincidence that "Wired" appeared in 1993, that online journalists began to be noticed, that the EFF was formed, and on and on.
The watering holes in those days were publicized...and sometimes mobbed.
This has changed in recent years. Still lots of people online, but fewer (I believe) with the zeal of the early online folks (calling 1991-94 "early" is in this context of large numbers...many of us has accounts in the 80s, on the W.E.L.L. or through universtities, corporations, etc. My first _usable_ account was after I left corporate life, as corporations had only limited use of the Net (the commercial constraints), until around 1988 or so. Anyway, this is a digression.
The upshot being that today there are so many watering holes, so many fora/forums, so many Yahoo Groups and chat rooms, and so many _places_ that critical mass is hard to achieve. We also have dozens of people acting as "forwarders" of all sorts of stuff. (Examples abound: Bob Hettinga had/has _several_ lists just devoted to his interests, Matt (the sane Matt) has his lists, Declan maintains at least a couple, Dave Farber probably still has his lists, and then there are spinoffs of Cypherpunks like Coderpunks and Cryptography. Plus lists related to EFF, copyrights, law, etc.. And then there's Slashdot. Sometimes useful, but filled with more "one line repartee" than even the worst chat room.
Someone probably has a catchy name for this situation, this blizzard of competing mailing lists and online fora. I can't think of one right now. Whatever the term might be, the effect is twofold. First, it's unclear where to contribute articles and make contact with similar minds. Second, the blizzard of forwarded articles. The slashdotting of online Lastly, the effect of the dot com implosion has been enormous. I personally know of many former or current major contributors or the list who are currently unemployed....some of them for a very long time, with little or nothing to show for their years in the trenches. This has got to have an effect on their desire to contribute to lists like this one!
The focus on a limited range of crypto products, sort of the "Cryptic Seduction," if you will, had something to do with the current "crypto winter." Really, the products from RSA, Verisign, NAI, and their ilk are spectacularly *boring* and have little or nothing to do with what I hope would be the long-term outlook.
It's a good time to "get back to basics."
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns

@_date: 2002-03-22 23:43:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: design considerations for distributed storage networks 
This was the same objection I presented to Phil Salin when he was attempting to get his "information market" business idea going.  AmIX, the American Information Exchange eventually got funding from Autodesk, but only lasted about 3-4 years before having the plug pulled.
I gave Phil the example of someone soliciting something like "Optimum implant doses for CMOS process sought. Will pay $500." A company like Intel would have spent tens of millions figuring out the answers to such questions...the last thing they would tolerate is having an employee on his lunch hour surfing the Net and offering up the answer so he could pocket the $500 (or, even if he were naively honest, making sure Intel got the $500).
To make the point graphically to Phil, I devised "Black Net" as the place where epi implant information is bought and sold, where someone offers $100K for the Stealth bomber blueprints, where all sorts of secrets are solicited and offered.
This was in 1988, long before EBay, and one former employee of AmIX told me later that the Black Net scenario became their worse nightmare, as they realized the liability they would face if corporate or national secrets were sold.
Now, does this mean such information will not be bought and sold? No. The prospects for Black Nets remain strong...and arguably they are already here.
People want free stuff. They download free/pirated music, free/pirated DVDs, Warez, etc. A lawyer friend of mine says that lawyers in the office--even those handling copyright cases!--still seek "free stuff." It's Economics 1.
Only when the hassles or expected punishment (risk of being caught times penalty) of stealing are larger than the market price will people generally NOT steal. (There's a moral component, sort of. Some people will never think about copying their friend's CDs or buying a bootleg DVD or "borrowing" a copy of Microsoft Word from their friends.)
Anyway, the market for distributed data storage is the obvious one: Napster. 'Nuff said.
(Yeah, some market differentiation, but it's basically summarized in one word: Napster.)
Any person, any organization, any company which gets into the napstering business will face the guns of the lawyers, the Feds, international bodies (when it suits them), and so on. Whether that company is Mojo or BitTorrent or whatever, the criminal and civil suits will be aimed at whomever can be identified as a nexus.
My advice? (*)
(* It may be that even these discussions, archived and searchable, will expose participants to some future aggravation. I think lawsuits will fail, as we are just talking here. But if people talk traceably about their inputs to a napster product, and it has some effect the way Napster and Morpheus and Gnutella had, look to be dragged in.)
So, my advice:
* Forego ego and develop and release a product _untraceably).
* Forget trying to use the corporate laws (incorporations, sales, revenues, legal offices, etc.) when what you are doing is fundamentally Napster, fundamentally _worse_ than Napster (warez trading, of very high value programs), even to the level of a Black Net (secrets for sale, national security hot buttons).
* Remember, where PRZ faced possible criminal charges, with the Net lining up behind him and lionizing him, lawsuits based on huge financial losses will be devastating. And the Constitution generally can't be used as a defense. The burden of proof for winning against you (the identifiable authors or funders of this napster) will be lower. The corporations will take everything you have. This won't be a replay of the PRZ crusade, for multiple reasons.
It was always weird to see Napster, Incorporated with a big "So Sue Me!" sign painted on their corporate headquarters.
* Don't even _think_ about trying to raise VC. VCs either won't get it, or, when they do, will freak out and demand changes. The cool Black Net stuff will suddenly start morphing into yet another boring bandwidth-selling scheme. (Agorics and several other companies have been doing work on this for years. IBM is moving into this, calling it Grid * Nearly all the best things in software have been done by a couple of people. While I don't agree with everything Stallman talks about, what he has done as a one man show is very impressive. A couple of my friends are very much in the same mold...and when they have tried to add staff, it usually slows them down.
(Sidebar: Arguably PGP was best when it was a very small project team, that of the original 2.x releases. When it got "big," and diluted, and corporatized, look what happened. And not even a lot of people got rich off of the corporatizing. A shame.)
* Bottom Line: One good programmer can, with maybe a year or two of solid effort, produce something that is interesting in this niche (marketspeak: "space"). If he doesn't identify himself, and releases the product through the familiar untraceable channels, he stands a good chance of not getting sued, jailed, or worse.
The interesting projects are the ones dangerous to the state, dangerous to the corporations, dangerous to the establishment. (This is not "Mattd" rhetoric about smashing the state...this is just the basic fact about these technologies.)
Don't hire a single lawyer. As soon as even a single lawyer is hired, you're lost. Because it means you're thinking in terms of using the legal system, of striking business deals with those whose products you napster, and with working within the system.
Not hiring a single lawyer, not even _consulting_ with a lawyer, means you are fully aware of how much you are relying on the laws of mathematics rather than the laws of men.
And don't tell anyone what you're doing. Maybe you can leave a clever encrypted message in your work, in case you wish to someday reveal you were the genius behind Thieve's Market.
But find other ways to make money or stroke your ego. The familiar saw about two people being able to keep a secret...if one of them is dead.
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2002-03-24 02:19:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: I'm no "agent." 
This was part of the whole point about not consulting a lawyer. Lawyers can't possibly insulate one from legal action if something is fundamentally illegal, and consulting a lawyer starts one down the wrong track. So why bother?
Further, many states and jurisdictions have laws requiring lawyers to break alleged attorney-client privilege if they know that an illegal act is being planned.
A cheap and entertaining way to get a basically accurate--say lawyer friends of mine, and even some prosecutors I have talked to--education is by watching shows like "Law and Order" and several others in the genre. Every tenth episode, I would guesstimate, has a plot involving lawyers being required in one way or another to narc out their clients, or _choosing_ to do so. (Particularly common on the sleazoid show "The Practice," where liberal simp-wimp defense attorneys get wind of "immoral" acts by their clients and choose to get rapped on the knuckles for narcing their clients out. Me, I'd say the right punishment is fire-bombing the offices of the law firm and kiling the entire nest of shysters in the firm which narced me out.)
The bottom line is what I said before: two can keep a secret if one of them is dead. Even a small programming team is not acceptable, for obvious reasons. Maybe if the team is controlled by the Mob or the KGB, and there have been graphic demonstrations of traitors being tied to planks and then slowly fed into a furnace, but for most Americans and Europeans the temptation to "cut a deal" is too strong. Never trust colleagues to keep critical secrets, even if you know where they live and have a good plan for incinerating their family if they betray you.
Exactly. In fact, a lawyer is obligated by virtue of being an officer of the court, to not help you commit illegal acts and to notify the court if he has knowledge of such actions. (Yeah, I know there are lawyers for the Mob. But this is the theory, and lawyers will generally not be very helpful in conspiring to break the law.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2002-03-23 08:22:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Where are my turnips?" 
Hakim (whom I've never met, but, IIRC, Eric H. met him at some "Reality Hackers"/"Mondo 2000" party...Hakim is not his real name, IIRC) is too First, as you allude to, information-theoretic goods are in fact _very_ real. Some examples:

@_date: 2002-03-24 21:36:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: signal to noise proposal 
A lot of the current/recent "reputation schemes" make a fundamental mistake: they attempt to assign a scalar value to "the" [emphasis] reputation of an actor. Even the schemes which attempt to assign a vector rating, e.g, "Declan' s rating of Detweiler is..., Tim's rating of Detweiler is...," make a fatal mistake.
There are no reputations attachable to actors in this way.
What there are are _beliefs_ about certain actors held by others.
"I have seen 8 years' worth of posts from Detweiler, with some mult-year gaps, and I have seen some fraction of comments made by other people, some of whom I respect (believe to some extent) and some of whom I don't believe (ignore, criticize, believe the opposite of usually). Based on all of these inputs, but very heavily weighted by my own past (Bayesian) experience, I tend not to take Detweiler's posts very seriously, even when he attempts to behave and attempts to put forth content rather than (Readers will recognize that this goes beyond even a tensor, the generalization of a vector, and involves "stories" (possible worlds semantics, a la Kripke). Belief is partly Beyesian (or Dempster-Shafer-centric), partly a semantic net of many factors. Evolution has given us very good tools for assessing danger, deciding who's worth listening to and who's not, and how to plan for certain futures. Most of the mechanistic models for reputation are overly To paraphrase, "I made not be able to define bullshit, but I know a bullshitter when I see one."
I encourage Detweiler to reify his ideas into code. Shouldn't take more than a short while programming in Python or Squeak to generate a filtering method he can apply to _his_ instance of the list.
Though from what I just read a few minutes ago, with him excoriating the list for not rushing to begin implementing his latest ideas, it looks like DejaNews all over again. I give him 3 weeks of pounding headaches before he begins referring to An Metet as a tentacle of me, Koder bin Hackin', as a tentacle of Declan, etc.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-03-24 02:05:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: signal to noise proposal 
I did, just a couple of days ago. Slashdotting is a major, if not _the_ major, contributor to short attention span noise. Choate relies heavily on Slashdot...'nuff said.
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-03-25 05:35:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Buying reputations...and turnips 
This news item reinforces some points about the fungibility of reputations and also about whether or not "things in cyberspace" are worth paying money for:
Of course, such things have happened before. (In a smaller way, I paid $20 in real money for the "credits" in a reputation market run on the Extropians list, circa 1993.)
Of course, in a more nuanced understanding of reputations, it would be appreciated by Everquest players that the skills that got a player to Grand Wazoo are not transferrable when the nym is sold. Reputation is more properly about beliefs about future outcome, about bets.
But clearly someone thinks these turnips are worth $600.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2002-03-28 03:32:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: network topology 
No need to "visualize" 4D spaces, 5D spaces, and so on.
Think in terms of how many nearest neighbors a point is, a la my last

@_date: 2002-03-28 01:08:18
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: network topology 
Imagine a million people standing in a line, each communicating with his nearest neighbor. The average "distance" between any two people picked at random is half a million, and the maximum distance is a million.
Now imagine those million people in a 1000 x 1000 array. Each communicating with 4 neighbors (8 if diagonals are considered, a very slight modification to the math). The average distance is much less than a million, and in fact can be no longer than the diagonal, 1414. (Left as a fun exercise to calculate the average separation as a function of the dimension d.)
Next, put those million people into a skyscraper, e.g., 100 x 100 x 100 floors, with each person communicating with 6 nearest neighbors (again, more if diagonals are considered).
Given the well-known empirical "six degrees of separation," America is basically a 9-dimensional system. (In some sense.)
The math on this is pretty simple, but also illuminating. (No, it's of course not a precise model. Some people are very well connected, a la the example of the "The degrees of Kevin Bacon." Some semi-hermits may know only a few people on their roads, who know only a few in a village, etc. So the actual empirical results will be skewed.
One thing it implies is that a well-mixed system, e.g. an America in which people move around and work at different companies and serve in the Army and all, becomes a higher dimensional system: more hypervolume for the same "average separation." A poorly-mixed system has less hypervolume per separation, or more separation between randomly picked The "clustering" you talk about is the same way corporations work. When someone in Intel's California headquarters wants to communicate with someone in Intel's Arizona operations, they don't need to "go up the ladder" to their boss, his boss, his boss, his boss, then over to Arizona, then down, and down, and down. Odds are they _know_ how to directly contact others, or can "tunnel" directly be sending e-mail or picking up a phone. "Mixers" are even formally arranged to do just this mixing of people at one site with people in another. Higher-dimensionality systems are the key.
And this is well-known in computer architecture as well. Soon after joining Intel in 1974 I was involved with some folks at IMSAI (who later produced a famous early PC) on their "Hypercube": like other hypercubes, including famous ones from Caltech and Intel, increasing the connectivity between nodes effectively increased dimensionality and reduced the average latency/distance between nodes.
Lastly, the whole focus of "distintermediating" and things like "everyone a mint" has been to increase the dimensionality of systems. Arguably, this is what the Agora of Athens (not the first, just one of the most famous) did: it increased point to point contacts and thus raised the dimensionalty. And it also reduced the "need" for hierarchy. More "point to point" connections (e-mail addresses, for example) up the number of near neighbors, and hence the dimensionality of the space.
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-03-29 16:03:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: DOJ press release: Visa offshore records to be turned over 
So long as they reported all income from offshore sources, and all offshore accounts, and paid all taxes, it shouldn't affect them. If they failed to report, blah blah, then they may face the usual criminal tax evasion charges. Probably most of them will be offered the usual opportunity to pay back taxes, penalties, interest, and to narc out those they did business with.
Personally, I believe the blanket order to sift through millions of records is precisely what the Fourth Amendment was designed to _BLOCK_. Remember that in the days of King George (the Good, by modern standards), it was common for the king's men to sift through the records and writings of people and businesses more or less at random. That is, without any clear evidence of wrongdoing.
Regrettably, these kinds of inspections are now part and parcel of the War on Some Drugs, the War on Terror, the War on Indecency, and the War on Money Launderers. The Four Horsemen, in other words. Examining the records of millions of customers of VISA and Mastercard is not different from ordering that Borders turn over complete data bases of books purchased so that "patterns of thoughtcrime" might be uncovered.
Of course, relying on VISA or Mastercard to protect privacy has always been "laws of men" nonsense. If not even Swiss banks are now doing right by their customers, why would San Mateo-based VISA do so?
The laws of mathematics are the only hope.
This episode, and the likely fizzling of the silly "E-Gold" scheme, is a useful object lesson.
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney Generalim M

@_date: 2002-03-31 16:37:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: IWAR Threat Model 
It's that old paper that looked like background notes for a Steve Jackson Games game.
Sure enough, at the end is a reminder that it's a "re-release" of a 1996 paper. Says it's "7pillars," which should ring a few bells.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns

@_date: 2002-03-31 18:03:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Babel  (Re: on the state of PGP compatibility) 
(All addresses except Cypherpunks elided.)
A good rant/summary about the current Tower of Babel situation.
The beauty of the early days (perhaps two years) of early versions of PGP was that all versions basically interoperated well. Of course, people wanted more features, more integration with popular mail packages, more flexibility in choosing algorithms, and more compliance with the shifting sands of the patent world. Creeping feature-itus plus the perceived need to be "fully legal" added to the confusion.
(The fact that PGP became a commercial product added in many ways to the chaos and babelization. Others can speak to the exact reasons for this, but I would offer these: NAI's requirement that algorithms and patents be free of entanglements, the proliferation of new versions without full backward compatibility, the on again/off again availability of inexpensive personal use versions, and the "diaspora" of developers once they departed NAI. Very ironic that one of the main "Down with RSADSI--RSA should be free!" chants of the early years of PGP had to do with RSA allegedly charging too much for products like MailSafe. Hence the irony of the new exorbitant pricing structure for what's left of And so now PGP (or GPG) use is utterly balkanized, utterly useless.
I used to think that most of the "Cypherpunks program" outlined in the first several meetings in 1992 was  still unaccomplished, with only the most trivial of the building blocks available. Now not even those trivial building blocks are truly available, as Adam's rant so dramatically shows.
Is there a solution? I would think that a "keep it simple, stupid" strategy is needed: Forget the hooks into popular mailers (Eudora, Outlook, Entourage), forget the "OS X versions of GPG," forget the Red Hat, Mandrake, SuSE, Windows XP, etc. versions.
Just concentrate on a simple engine, using the cleanest C code possible. Use utterly standard I/O. (I never minded cutting an encrypted message to the clipboard--something now available in all systems, I believe--and then decrypting the clipboard contents, etc. This meant there didn't need to be "Eudora 3.1" and "Outlook Express 2.5" versions.)
Drop the flexible palette of crypto algorithms.
Get back to basics.
And release programs which don't have to be compiled by users!
Just some thoughts, from someone who no longer even tries to decrypt GPG or PGP or Bass-O-Matic messages sent to him.
--Tim May
"A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a
simple system that worked ...A complex system designed from scratch never  works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over,  beginning with a working simple system." -- Grady Booch

@_date: 2002-04-30 21:04:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
This has never happened to me, even the time I bought my $23,000 Ford Explorer on my VISA card. (This really happened.) There may be some difference between our types of cards or backgrounds, etc.
But you make a good point, that the "net" to snare bad guys is snaring vastly more ordinary people.
The seizure of funds in politically incorrect bank accounts is of course another example.
Which was obvious on the evening of 9/11, that the next attack would be something quite different.
But the goals of establishing a surveillance state are still being accomplished, so why argue?
--Tim May
"The whole of the Bill [of Rights] is a declaration of the right of the
people at large or considered as individuals... It establishes some
rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently, no
majority has a right to deprive them of." -- Albert Gallatin of the New York Historical Society, October 7, 1789

@_date: 2002-04-15 02:06:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
Portraying her in her younger, pre-fame days certainly would not have been balanced. Neither Washington nor Lincoln nor Jefferson nor Franklin nor...well, you get the point, were portrayed as they looked before their later years.
I despise the PC "truth narrative" jabber, but in this case the feministas have a point: expecting a woman to be portrayed as a  young and desireable woman while the guys on the coins and bills are portrayed as they looked as old farts is not kosher.
(However, the real problem with putting Susan B. Anthony on our money is that she was a minor character compared to Lincoln, Washinton, Roosevelt, Jefferson, etc. It's like calling Crispus Attuck a "hero of the Revolutionary War." The old double standard.)
--Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2002-04-12 02:50:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: They laughed at Tesla 
Then why, 100 or more years after any patent or similar issues were important, and long after "safer" issues have had many decades to be clarified, is AC power distribution the norm all around the world?
If "They Laughed at Nikolai" Tesla offers the better solution, expain the situation around the world today.
(No credit for "They beamed mind rays into everyone's head, even those in Ulan Bator and Timbuktu!")
Tesla was a creative scientist, no doubt. But some things creative people invent turn out not be useful. The whole Tesla Cult took root when, it is alleged, some of his research was classified by the U.S. Government. Mix in the usual paranoid Area 51 nutcase shit about unlimited power, saucer science, and the Bilderbergers and we get the current pseudoscience about Tesla having solved the world's energy Those of you who believe this, and who mutter about it at Cypherpunks meetings, should think more critically.
--Tim May
"If I'm going to reach out to the the Democrats then I need a third hand.There's no way I'm letting go of my wallet or my gun while they're around." --attribution uncertain, possibly Gunner, on Usenet

@_date: 2002-04-01 22:03:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Census reveals personal data (privacy, why not to disclose 
The Census is ONLY for the purpose of enumerating the number of voters for the purpose of apportioning Congress, that is, a head count of persons (should be just adults or those who will reach adult age before the next Census) so that the number of seats in the House of Representatives can be twiddled to add up to 435.
Nothing else is specified in the Constitution and the Fourth Amendment (and other related Amendments and such) makes it clear that if government wants to know something about me or anyone else they will need a duly-authorized search warrant, due process, etc. They are not entitled to simply ask me about how many computers I have, what my race is, whether I am married or am living with an "SO" (which is where the term gained popularity, circa 1980, IIRC), whether I practice water conservation and safe sex, and whether I prefer to be called "Fijian/Tobriand Pacific Islander" or "Afro-Asiatic" or "Aryan."
There were a couple of people who vocally opposed answering the invasive questions of the Census. IIRC, these were largely political prosecutions. I think the charges were ultimately dropped. Though the Census form, especially the even more Big Brotherish "Long Form," claims that a $500 fine and/or six months in jail is in store for anyone who refuses to disclose his condom usage and favorite toothpaste, the Censuscreeps are obviously avoiding such public spectacles.
As for me, when I get to the Racial Purity Profile part of the Census, I check "African-American" (being changed to "Persyn of Color" on the 2010 forms). Some of my ancestors came out of Africa, I hear. Also, under the new "one drop of blood" litmus test, whereby Halle Berry is black and a one-quarter black California politician's (Ward Connerly, sp?) grand-daughter by a Vietnamese mother is "black," I'm sure I'm black, (Ward C. is leading a new effort to have the State of California drop _all_ references to race. To drop all questions about race on state forms, to drop all computer entries on race, to eliminate any and all mentions of race in laws, statutes, hiring regulations, jury questionnaires, and so on. I salute him. He is, predictably, being called a "racist.")
The Census became a tool of oppression long ago. Ask the persons of Japanese ancestry who were rounded up and sent to concentration camps in 1942 about this.
(There was no justification, no 6th Amendment due process, just concentration camps and seizures of properties. In my view, the 25,000 or so soliders, cops, judges, and politicians who were involved in this Nazi-emulating act should be tried and, in nearly all cases, executed. A day of National Execution, with executions carried out in public squares across California and across the land, should be held. Then we need to start in on the millions who have violated the Constitution....)
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-04-01 20:08:53
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: IWAR Threat Model 
The way you chicks are stroking each other, maybe Sandy should make another movie.
At least your chickspeak is mainly flowing amongst yourselves.
As a famous colored woman said, "You _go_, girlfriend!"
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2002-04-01 18:52:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: on the state of PGP compatibility (2nd try) 
(Adam Back's tale elided)
However, there's something deeply ironic when comparing the "RSA in 4 lines of Perl" work by none other than Adam Back to the present situation, where creeping featureitus has given us multiple branches of the PGP tree and the long list of incompatibilities and non-backwards-compatible behavior.
P.S. The .sig in David Shaw's message is funny, but of course false:
Switzerland and New Jersey, with major detours for LSD in the Boston area (early studies, then Leary and Company, later) and then later in San Francisco and the overall Bay Area.
(Menlo Park and Palo Alto NEQ Berkeley, BTW.)
Still, a funny .sig.
--Tim May
"The whole of the Bill [of Rights] is a declaration of the right of the
people at large or considered as individuals... It establishes some
rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently, no
majority has a right to deprive them of." -- Albert Gallatin of the New York Historical Society, October 7, 1789

@_date: 2002-04-01 21:42:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Babel  (Re: on the state of PGP compatibility) 
Those who voluntarily use weak keys are seldom the persons sought by national governments.
So the issue is whether use of weak keys will be mandated by governments.
And for those who are (perhaps temporarily) of the frame of mind that the U.S. Government is not the Enemy, remember the very, very long list of governments and similar entities that have oppressed people. It's useful to remember that the use of "moderately strong" (= weak) keys by freedom fighters in Burma, Rhodesia, Romania, the former and pressent USSR/whatever, and at many times in the past (and current) history of the U.S. would have exposed these freedom fighters to arrest, torture, imprisonment, and death.
Since I haven't published my "Enemies of the State" list in a while, here it is again:
(I sent this out about 10 days before 9/11, so the reference to UBL/OBL is perhaps ironic. Doesn't change a word of what I wrote, though.)
Many of those who have been quibbling about whether "freedom fighters"
are terrorists, or whether Osama bin Laden is or is not a FF, etc., are
MISSSING THE BIG PICTURE.
Take the long view, the more agnostic view. Whether one likes the
actions of bin Laden or Pablo Escobar or James Jesus Angleton is not the
Privacy and untraceability tools will be used by many who are seeking to
evade others. Some we are taught in American schools are heroes, some we
are taught are villains.
Here's a list I distributed some years ago at a CFP Conference:
(the paper is still available at Prof. Froomkin's site,
 )
Appendix: Who are those Bad Guys, anyway?
Depending on which nation one is in, which regime is in power, and other
factors, here are some of the enemies of the people the laws against
strong crypto and the banning of digital cash are intended to crush:
Enemies of the People, the opposition party, the Resistance, friends of
the Bad Guys, family members of the Bad Guys, conspirators, Jews,
Catholics, Protestants, atheists, heretics, schismatics, heathens,
leftists, rightists, poets, authors, Turks, Armenians, Scharansky,
Solzhenitsyn, refuseniks, Chinese dissidents, students in front of
tanks, Branch Davidians, Scientologists, Jesus, Gandhi, Nelson Mandela,
African National Congress, UNITA, Thomas Jefferson, Patrick Henry,
colonial rebels, patriots, Tories, Basque separatists, Algerian
separatists, secessionists, abolitionists, John Brown, draft opponents,
communists, godless jew commies, fellow travellers, traitors,
capitalists, imperialist lackeys, capitalist roaders, anarchists,
monarchists, Charlie Chaplin, Galileo, Joan of Arc,, Martin Luther,
Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, Stokely Carmichael, civil rights workers,
Students for a Democratic Society, Weathermen, Margaret Sanger, birth
control activists, abortionists, anti-abortionists, Michael Milken,
Robert Vesco, Marc Rich, Nixon's Enemies, Hoover's enemies, Clinton's
enemies, Craig Livingstone's high school enemies, Republicans,
Democrats, labor organizers, corporate troublemakers, whistleblowers,
smut peddlers, pornographers, readers of "Playboy," viewers of images of
women whose faces are uncovered, Amateur Action, Jock Sturges, violators
of the CDA, alt.fan.karla-homulka readers, Internet Casino customers,
Scientologists, Rosicrucians, royalists, Jacobins, Hemlock Society
activists, Jimmy Hoffa, John L. Lewis, Cesar Chavez, opponents of United
Fruit, land reformers, Simon Bolivar, Robin Hood, Dennis Banks, American
Indian Movement, Jack Anderson, Daniel Ellsberg, peace activists, Father
Berrigan, Mormons, Joseph Smith, missionaries, Greenpeace, Animal
Liberation Front, gypsies, diplomats, U.N. ambassadors, Randy Weaver,
David Koresh, Ayotollah Khomeini, John Gotti, Papists, Ulstermen, IRA,
Shining Path, militia members, tax protestors, Hindus, Sikhs, Lech
Walesa, Polish labor movement, freedom fighters, revolutionaries, Ben
Franklin, Thomas Paine, and "suspects".
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2002-04-02 19:29:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Internet is dead (Was Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of 
Yeah, but O(1) is easy to achieve for "small" systems (I'll leave it to others to draw parallels to the buildability of Bernstein's machine).
Of course, having "only" N nodes, with N being as small as 50, would still be useful.
BTW, the cypherspace interpretation of of transmitters and receivers is not new. Gelernter's LINDA tuple space acts this way. It's in my 1988 Manifesto, and we talked about it at length 1989-91. I gave some talks at Hackers and called it "Democracy Wall," a la China and the grafitti deposited untraceably (modulo physical observers, but within the domain it was moderately untraceable) and read untraceably.
Usenet with ramailer-to-posting and universal reading acts this way, which is why my instantiation of Blacknet used Usenet.
It's fundamentally a blackboard system, a la AI, with a shared space into which one can deposit and retrieve.
Scaling is over-rated, in my admittedly contrarian view. Scaling and limits are great for theoreticians to worry about and write papers about, but most things don't get done because they don't get written and built, not because they don't scale well.
(The "flash crowd" effect seen with napsters is a big problem, but is more related to the lack of ontologically-sound throttling mechanisms, e.g., pricing mechanisms. The local record store would be mobbed ("it doesn't scale") if CDs were being given away for free. The problem is not with topology, but with pricing, the allocation of scarce resources.)
--Tim May
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns
Recent interests: category theory, toposes, algebraic topology

@_date: 2002-04-02 18:43:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Internet is dead (Was Re: Celsius 451 -the melting point of 
The receivers are not easy to trace.
Imagine N transponders. Coded sequences are broadcast, recipients are unknown. (Actually, _everyone_ receives, but only some can decode.)
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2002-04-01 22:16:48
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Mil domestic invaders scheduled for citizens' target 
Better hope they never hop over fences and sneak through back yards...
A couple of months ago a local sheriff shot and killed some commandoes-in-training as they were sneaking around a Georgia neighborhood. (Or South Carolina, or someplace close. Google will turn up the details for those interested---the article later says it was North Carolina.)
I certainly have no problem with commando trainees doing their thing on their millions of acres of land.
But if they are on public property, they'd better obey all laws about concealed weapons, trespassing, etc.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-04-03 20:23:10
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: My current readings in Category Theory 
Many thanks for your comments, Julian! I have already downloaded the Mac OS X version of O'Caml 3.04, though installation has hit a snag, which I'll have to investigate later.
About using more human-centric methods, maybe there's hope. Though CT is usually seen as notoriously abstract, the fact that it uses diagrams to understand functors and commuting maps, and so on, is nice. The Lawvere book is filled with diagrams and maps...and I mean a _lot_ of them, not just the canonical diagrams Mac Lane, for example, uses. (I'm not knocking Mac Lane...it isn't meant as a teaching intro.)
I had followed ML a little bit, back when I was attending some of the Functional Programming conferences in the mid-80s. I must've paid no attention to the CT stuff (understanding denotational semantics was struggle enough, a struggle I gave up on when I moved on to other This is a powerful insight. To pick an example from Smalltalk, with which I'm more familiar, an object is more defined by the methods (functions) it understands than anything else. To pick a list-related example: A banker is one who understand (sends, receives, processes) messages about deposits and withdrawals, more so than what he is called.
("You take in deposits and you hold money and you give out money in withdrawals, so I don't care _what_ you call yourself: you're a bank.")
This does not mean using class-derived objects is not useful: if the work has been done to define a "banker factory" class, with all of the functions/methods already worked out, then it makes sense to instantiate new banks from this factory class.
As I understand it, category theory actually treats the categories (objects) themselves as secondary, almost superfluous, with the interesting parts being the mappings or functions and then the transformations (functors) of these mappings being where things get more (And if a compiler is a function or mapping from one category (source code) into another category (compiled, or executable code), then talking about compilers and the connections between them is an obvious area where functors, adjoints, and so on would come in. Hence the close connection of CT to computability theory, the lambda calculus, and so Another interesting area seems to be using CT for linguistics. Image English nouns as a category, French nouns as a category, and then the mappings (isomorphisms being the "exact" translations) between them. E.g., dog ---> chien.
(So far, high school simple functions.)
But there are other morphisms, such as the function or process of "forming plurals" or "possessives." These are maps as well.
Then one might look at the transformations (rules) between these maps, and between other languages. And connections to machine languages and Using theorems about functors, adjoints, etc., one might make better sense of natural languages than by using conventional methods. (And the links with the above example are suggestive as well.)
Or consider a very difficult problem, one explained in great detail by Douglas Hofstadter in "Godel, Escher, Bach" (or possibly "Metamagical Themas"...I'd have to check). Namely, the many forms of the letter "A" and how humans can recognize them all as examples of "A" because of their "A"-ness (no jokes, please), but how computer programs have generally failed, even with all the buzzword-compliant tricks like neural nets and expert systems.
(Hofstadter shows a picture of many (at least 64) different "A," from script As, to slanted As, to highly abstract As, to stylized As, to As in Gothic script and other languages, and so on. Essentially all of them are recognizable by human readers with a modicum of intelligence as exemplars of the abstract category "A.")
Inasmuch as some of these are recognizable by counting holes (but not all As have holes), and some involve affine transformations (tilts, stretches), and so on, one might think that a mixture of methods from geometry and topology would be useful...methods humans understand at a very early age without any formal training. (Which goes to Julian's point about human methods....)
Perhaps CT could be helpful in understanding how we recognize "A"-ness (or many other things) even when multiple transformations have occurred...and for abstracting out the learning by looking at the transformations between the transformations.
This is not a Cypherpunks project, obviously, but shows why these kinds of methods might be useful (emphasis on "might") be useful for problems which have been hard to attack with straightforward ways (e.g. the "ordinary sets and simple functions" methods that Sempo S. mentioned).
As for ML and O'Caml, I plan to spend more time looking at this. Thanks, Julian, for the references. I have heard essentially nothing about Caml or O'Caml here in the U.S., but the Web site you referenced, and the O'Reilly book available in HTML, suggests there's a more active community than I would have thought.
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-04-02 23:31:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: My current readings in Category Theory 
Yes, I believe there's a lot more. By the way, even though category theory may be about as foundational as set theory (a la Zermelo-Frankel axiomatization), it looks to be a _lot_ more useful in other areas. We all know what sets are, and use them every day, and use things like Venn diagrams more than almost any other tool (at least I do), but the axiomatic foundations are seldom used. The Axiom of Choice?
I was drinking coffee out of one of my thermoi and realized you were...of that camp.
As I said, I'm also using Goldblatt's "Topoi." (But it's out of print, and unpurchasable, so far, so I use UCSC's copy.) Note that McClarty's book says "Toposes." One of these authors, maybe McClarty, maybe Johnstone, points out that plurals of words which were never Latin to begin with, like Thermos bottle, may be "thermoses," not "thermoi." I "toposes" sounds better than "topoi." It's only topoi-logical, after all.
But they were able to at least eliminate the "index gymnastics" of manipulating indices in, for example, the Riemann tensor. R-sub-ijk and all that rot. My copy of Sokolnikoff and Redheffer could be safely put Look at some of the "computer science" references, as opposed ot the "theory of math" references. Barr and Wells, or Pierce, for example. They point out that people are successfully using category theory terminology as a means of clarifying the unclear, not as a means of pushing the frontiers of math.
The value of looking at functors (natural transformations between categories) as opposed to ordinary sets and functions is the ability to draw conclusions from other areas of math, it seems to me.
Axelrod, "The Evolution of Cooperation."
I'm not saying chaos isn't real, just that it's not turning out to be very surprising or useful.
I thought so in 1986-87, when I was involved in their neural net project. Got the expensive "PDP" 2-volume set. And Terry Sejnowski was a TA/instructor in my Relativity class many years back. Ho-hum. I'm glad _someone's_ still interested in this stuff, cuz I sure ain't.
Personally, I don't think the "foundational" stuff is really even interesting. Chaitin explained Godel's Theorem in readily-understandable information-theoretic terms.
As to whether categories and toposes are interesting and useful, aside from foundational issues, my belief is that they are.
--Tim May
"A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a
simple system that worked ...A complex system designed from scratch never  works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over,  beginning with a working simple system." -- Grady Booch

@_date: 2002-04-02 18:21:59
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: My current readings in Category Theory 
I've been having a lot of fun reading up on "category theory," a relatively new branch of math that offers a unified language for talking about (and proving theorems about) the transformations between objects. I'll say a few words on why this is more than just the "generalized abstract nonsense" that some wags have dubbed category theory as.
I won't try to explain what categories and toposes are here in this e-mail message. For one thing, it would take a while. For another, there are people who've been doing it for a long time who are good teachers, and they've written good explanations. Most importantly, because the Web has plenty of good resources, even complete downloadable textbooks in PDF and PS form. For example, here a couple of good sites:
* as always, Google: search on "category theory" or "topos" (beware the lit-crit meanings)
*         John Baez (a cousin of Joan) is a mathematical physicist with wideranging interests...his site has all sorts of good stuff
*     A Stanford Encyclopedia article on what category theory is
*    A page of links to other pages
* several good textbooks, which I'll talk about later
Category theory is basically about the common categories (sets, topologies, algebras, recursively-computable functions, stuff even from computer science) and the diagrams that link them. There's more to it than just saying "it's about talking about diagrams." It's a more unified way of looking at "patterns" (no one that I know of has made the connection between CT and pattern languages of programming (PLOP), a la the Gang of Four (authors of the famous book), but I will be surprised if there is not a deep link to be found there.
"Category theory is about how mathematicians draw diagrams on the blackboard." A waggish, snide comment, but true. (Motivation for reading further: and what is it that we do when we draw diagrams showing Alice, Bob, and Eve with various kinds of arrows linking them?)
First, a couple of motivations for why I've been looking at this stuff:
1. The pure math side. I didn't specialize in math, but have good memories of studying analysis (of the Rudin/Kelley sort, involving point sets, covers, compactness, Tychonoff's Theorem, etc.). This was back in the early 70s, and the application of abstract math to my then-interest, physics, seemed to be too much of a reach. (Applying math is not the sina qua non of studying math, of course, even to physicist folks. But seeing that Reality somehow _involves_ topology, or fiber bundles, or sheaves, or toposes...well, that adds some excitement.)
2. Recent trends in higher-order categories (K-categories) seem to have connections to knot theory, superstrings, the work of guys like Witten and Smolin. The Baez site above talks about these connections at length.
One of the reasons I basically got out of pure physics was that there were two main paths: particle physics and relativity. Particle physics in the 70s was not too exciting, in terms of fundamental insights. Feynman characterized it as "building bigger accelerators to smash wristwatches together at higher and higher speeds to get more little pieces to catalog." (I'm paraphrasing.) Relativity was exciting--I took James Hartle's class using a preprint edition of Misner, Thorne, and Wheeler's massive tome, "Gravitation." Motivated me to look at differential forms (Flanders) and differential geometry. But I sensed that I wasn't going to be one of the tiny handful of people able to actually get _jobs_ doing this, so I moved into solid-state, and thence to Intel.  But the recent work on supergravity, loop spaces, knot theory, strings, M-branes, etc., has re-ignited some interest...at the "amateur" level, needless to say.
3. Reading Greg Egan's recent SF novels. A lot of intriguing, though of course ultra-speculative!, stuff on "all topology models." Egan is obviously plugged-into a lot of this stuff and is making daring leaps. Highly unlikely to be true, but as "inspiring" as similar leaps were in the Golden Age of SF when Klein bottles and Moebius strips figured into stories (notably by Arthur C. Clarke) and where the wormholes and hyperspace geometries of general relativity were plot elements. (The fact that the "warp drives" described in 1950s-era science fiction, and later used in "Star Trek," weren't plausible in any serious way didn't reduce their inspirational/pedagogical value.)
4. Perhaps even more strangely, but more practically, there may be some very interesting uses for Cypherpunks visions. Weirder than Baez, weirder than Egan...in some ways. The basic insight is that just as category theory is about "objects/things" (called categories) and the "transformations/functions" (called arrows) between them, this is what a lot of crypto protocols are. (Note that I'm not explicitly talking about object-oriented programming, a la Java or Smalltalk, but more about viewing crypto protocols are transformations.)
The fact that we use "Alice and Bob" diagrams, with "Eve" and "Vinnie the Verifier" and so on, with arrows showing the flow of signatures, or digital money, or receipts....well, this is a hint that the category-theoretic point of view may be extremely useful. (At other levels, it's number theory...the stuff about Euler's totient function and primes and all that. But at another level it's about commutative and transitive mappings, and about _diagrams_.)
(Long-time readers will know that this "ontology of objects," this "CryptoWorld," point of view has motivated and interested me for a long time. Crypto protocols as building blocks...but  more than in a "shared library" or even a class library sense. )
Are these audacious, even wild, ideas? Yes. Anytime a theory is seen as a Theory of Everything, there are reasons to be skeptical. But audacious goals are often the motivation for we mammals who seek to figure things out...even with reptilian aspects to our brains ("If I solve Fermat's Last Theorem I'll be famous and I'll get the chicks!").
Are there dangers? You bet. Physics, and even math, is littered with crankish theories by amateurs...and even by experts. We have Archimedes Plutonium and his high bullshit about the universe being a large Pu-236 atom. We have various Buddhist/quantum mechanics/Bell's Theorem bits of nonsense...even entire books on this mystical stuff. And so on.
And in areas closely-related to many Cypherpunks topics, I can think of several examples where overly-broad claims have been made for some theory or paradigm and how it solves many problems:
* "general semantics," the Korzybski work which led to "the map is not the territory." Much-quoted by SF authors like Heinlein. But not the Theory of Everything. And maybe not even a theory of much at all.
* "general systems theory," a la Bertanlanffy. I knew a guy who was majoring in this as an interdisciplinary self-study program. Whatever became of this?
(And this is kissing cousin to Operations Research, which is mostly a high bullshit term for linear programming, decision support tools, a little bit of game theory, etc.)
* "game theory." We all know that most human and complex system interactions have strong game-theoretic aspects. Cooperation, defection, Prisoner's Dilemma, Axelrod, etc. But thinking that "all crypto is basically game theory" has not been fruitful, so far.
* the whole ball of wax that is complexity, fractals, chaos, self-organized criticality, artificial life, etc. Tres trendy since around 1985. But not terribly useful, so far.
* AI. 'Nuff said. We all know intelligence is real, and important, but the results have not yet lived up to expectations. Maybe someday.
* object-oriented systems. In my view, this one _has_ basically lived up to its billing, largely because it works for building more complex systems (and is arguably how Mankind has usually built complex systems like bridges and skyscrapers and chips). But some of the bolder claims about "reusable software" and "software ICs" have yet to be realized.
* agoric, market-oriented approaches. I'm still very hopeful about this I could go on...I'm thinking of several more examples, but this is enough of a list. The point is not that the above paradigms/theories are _wrong_, rather, that none of them is a complete solution, a Theory of Everything. Nor would we expect some sage elder to whisper in our ear "Plastics!" as the answer to everything.
If category theory is "sort of obvious," what about topos theory? Ah, this is where it gets more exciting. A topos is a category imbued with additional properties. One might have a topos which generates time-dependent logical values (something is true today but will not be true tomorrow), a topos which captures much of relativity, a topos for digital financial transactions. But I'm just digging into this stuff, so I might be giving this view too much emphasis. (I plan to stay at the somewhat more audacious level...as I can afford to. The grad student struggling to pass his qualifiers and generate a thesis that will get him a job somewhere is much more inclined to plunge into some "safe but suitably complicated" subdomain. Me, I have no such interest. I just need to stay grounded enough in reality so that drifting into either nebulosity or crankdom is avoided.)
OK, time to wrap this up.
Am I making the same mistake in thinking category theory is some kind of uber-theory which unifies and connects disparate areas? Well, I plan not to let my exuberance drag me off into the fever swamps of crankishness.  My hope is that I have generally been well-grounded in engineering, with a bias toward abstractions, and that this grounding will keep me from making weird claims. Also, I know when to cut my losses. If this little journey ends in a few more months with me knowing more about Kan extensions and cohomology theory, and nothing else, so be it. It'll be a fun ride.
BTW, if anyone wants to talk about these things, drop me a line. E-mail is not so good for communication...and sometimes in-person meetings are even _worse_. (As typified by some Cypherpunks meetings, where some speaker drones on and nearly everyone is sitting spaced out at the picnic tables at Tressider! {humor). The fact is that a lecture on number theory is going to require some background, more so than most Python hotshots are likely to have. Ditto for other areas. No different in physics, where trying to talk about gravity, for example, would barely scratch the surface in a 45-minute talk. Physics 1 meets 2-3 days a week for 10-15 weeks, and barely gets past the laws of mechanics. And so on. A real course, with background reading, is needed to get into any depth in a subject.
Here's what I'm now reading:
* three intros of varying depths: Lawvere's excellent "Conceptual Mathematics: A First Introduction to Categories," Pierce's "Basic Category Theory for Computer Scientists," and McClarty's "Elementary Categories, Elementary Toposes." Lawvere was one of the pioneers of topos theory (he showed that toposes could serve as an alternative to the sets in the axiomatization of mathematics) and this recent book is readable even by gifted high school students. Maybe too basic, except one can _never_ be too basic. Pierce is more oriented toward standard definitions, but is very readable. McClarty is much more advanced. I bounce between the three, and Web sites, and dips into the other books.
* some heavy-duty reference books: Saunders Mac Lane's classic "Category Theory for the Working Mathematician." Mac Lane, of "Birkhoff and Mac Lane" fame (algebra), was one of the co-inventors of category theory, with Eilenberg, in 1945. This book is too advanced for self-study, for me, at this time. I dip into it to get a flavor of more advanced proofs. But I need to brush up on my abstract algebra (Herstein, maybe Lang), topology (Munkres, maybe Kelley), and algebraic topology (Hatcher, Peter May (no relation to me)), and a few other areas. Also, Goldblatt's Several of these books I own. Others I use at the UC Santa Cruz library...one of the benefits of living where I do.
Well, I'm running out of steam and don't even plan to make a final pitch that you folks ought to take a look at this stuff. Frankly, most of you have to think about jobs in the real world, and, unless you plan to be mathematicians or string theorists, I doubt learning this stuff would be very useful in helping you to write better Java or Python code, or managing browser plug-ins. Maybe reading the Lawvere book would be useful and fun, though. It's about $40, paperback, and is a relatively easy read. If this lights your fire, you can go on to other books. Or at least always have "the categorical outlook."
Amaze your friends, impress your enemies!
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns
Recent interests: category theory, toposes, algebraic topology

@_date: 2002-04-11 17:34:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detectable cash notes a fantasy 
I didn't handwave and speculate: I said that the detection and antenna problems are enormous. This is borne out by the FAQ you cited, but I didn't need that FAQ to confirm what the physics already tells us.
That FAQ does NOT support the claim that stacks of bills may be detected, even with a door-frame-size antenna.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-04-11 01:53:22
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detectable cash notes a fantasy 
You haven't contributed anything interesting that I can recall. Even if you discount my comments, surely you must have noticed that rarely do your posts generate significant follow-up. (Which is a small blessing.)
Sometimes you natter about about you think the RAND Corporation, your apparent ideal, would do things, and sometimes you praise Herman Kahn and other O.R. types. But you have nothing significant to contribute about anything closely related to list themes.
You should think about some of the real issues and come up with some kind of incisive analysis or creative proposal--even Choate is more on-topic than you've been. The lectures from you about how we're a bunch of untrained amateurs are getting old.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2002-04-10 23:47:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detectable cash notes a fantasy 
How come? Because I am assuming the transponders are in the same position on each bill. If you want to posit some "spatial diversity" model, that helps, but not but a huge amount. This sounds too science fictionish to actually deploy (transponders are not the same as letters, and cannot be moved around on a random basis).
UHF is hard to launch/receive from a small, planar antenna. UWB is easier to launch from a small (< cm) antenna, but is usually too A stack will interfere, in the sense that planar antennas will couple to each other (radiated signal from A will hit B square on, etc.).
As for the proles being too cheap, too gullible to even bother to lightly shield, sounds like evolution in action.
Actually, more to the point, it means that the vast infrastructure of "remote bill readers" will, perforce, pick up the proles. True money launderers will use shielding. (Actually, this is all oriented at "walking around money," so the vast infrastructure will never actually get built, as there is no interest in monitoring trivial amounts.)
I'm done with this thread, though.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-04-10 19:03:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detectable cash notes a fantasy 
A meter-sized antenna is not going to efficiently radiate sub-millimeter-sized waves.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-04-10 06:35:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detectable cash notes a fantasy 
Everytime I comment on your citations, you go into a snit about how "Gramps" is insulting the "whippersnappers."
For all I know, in Real Life you're older than me, or you're some guy working a guard job at Lockheed. Or both. Or you may be the grad student at Hoboken State College you appear to be. Whatever, I know that your main method of argument is either a bunch of "Bah" comments followed with cites apropos of nothing you've dug up. Such as your refutation of category theory by digging up some of the usual computer vision and scene analysis junk that's been going around for 40 year.
I stand by my comment that shielding a thread in a $100 bill, for example, is vastly easier than detecting it. Your cites about WiFi frequencies and 3 meter ranges and suchlike don't mean much.
  (As it happens, and you'll go into your "whippersnapper" rant for my mentioning names, but I'm an early investor in one of the leading ultrawideband (UWB) companies, one competing with the better-known Time Domain. Their antennas are launching high-current pulses in WiFi and even higher frequencies...the tagline is always "DC-to-daylight," of course, but 99% or so of the radiated power is in the .5-10 GHz band. I was up at their lab last Friday, checking on progress, walking around inside the cargo shipping container they've got set up at their place, and looking down on Skywalker Ranch below them. UWB may  turn out to be useful, but it has nothing to do with detecting threads embedded in Ben --Tim May
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves money from the Public Treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits from the Public Treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy always followed by dictatorship." --Alexander Fraser Tyler

@_date: 2002-04-10 06:23:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Detectable cash notes a fantasy 
I must've missed the setup for this thread...I assumed the talk was of the standard "detector threads in our money" paranoia.
 From your description, it sounds like you're talking about a smart card variant. Why would it be set to "broadcast amount" or anything remotely like this? No smartcard protocol has this, nobody in their right mind would propose it as an interesting protocol (not even the Chaumian "untraceable road toll" transponders).  Smartcards or stored value wallets will obviously not be set, voluntarily or knowingly to broadcast their contents, nor to be interrogated by outsiders. Simple access control, ZKIPS, etc.
I'll go back to lurking, as this "thread," so to speak, is not interesting to me.
(More interesting is reading Chris Hillman's page with his Categorical Primer on it,  And to BL and JA, I downloaded O'CAML and picked up a couple of ML texts--I sense a pun on Mac Lane in "ML for the Working Programmer." Just read Egan's "Quarantine," so the Hilbert vectors are coruscating tonight.)
A couple of last comments:
Frankly, this is a remarkably naive level of understanding of digital money. Have you read any of Chaum's papers? Have you thought deeply about the issues?
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2002-04-10 01:37:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Detectable cash notes a fantasy 
Physics-wise, it's a jiveass fantasy. No way are there "micro-strips" readable from a distance in today's currency, and very likely not in the next 20 years. (I don't dispute that a careful lab setup could maybe read a note at a few meters, in a properly-shielded environment, without any shieding between note and detectors, and with enough time and tuning. But a wad of bills, folded, stuffed, and with little time to make the detection...an altogether different kettle of fish.)
Further, placing the notes in a simple aluminum foil pouch, or a wallet with equivalent lining, would cut any detectable signals by maybe 30-50 --Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-04-12 05:40:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
The only "La Cicciolina" I know of is a skanky coke whore blonde who made B-grade porno movies in Italy and ran for some kind of political office. I don't know of a single person who even owns a photo of this skank from15 years ago, let alone who would find a vague likeness of her on a coin appealing.
But you raise the issue of seignorage on the coins: government benefits when coins are bought and squirreled away, lost, pasted into "Famous Figures in American History" albums, etc.
The Susan B. Anthony dollar, the Sacajawea dollar, the upcoming Betty Friedan and Oprah Winfrey dollars, all are just political puffery.
The way the USG could "force" the conversion from paper to coin is by just forcing it: declare that on some date several years in the future the dollar bill will no longer be printed and that only coins will be issued by the Treasury. Nothing less will cause the hundreds of millions in expenses in converting vending machines over...and why should they, when smartcards are so common in other countries?
More creatively, the Feds could allow gambling casinos to replace casino tokens with dollar coins. (Silver dollars were once very common in Las Vegas...I got some there around 1960.) Gambling laws in the 60s and later discouraged the use of actual cash in casinos...a formal exchange into tokens gave the tax collector better visibility into taxable winnings than if just dollars were being won and lost at the tables.
(And bear in mind that a one dollar coin is worth about what a quarter ($0.25) was worth in 1970, and about what a dime ($0.10) was worth when silver dollars were still common. Maybe we need a $10 coin.)
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-04-11 13:11:47
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Coins vs. bills 
Susan B. Anthony is a famous as Crispus Attuck, at least in post-70s You're not an American or a U.S. resident, so why should you expect to know who Susan B. Anthony was?
By the way, she was an advocate of wimmin's rights, equal pay for unequal work, "nurses should be paid as much as doctors," state interventionism, victim disarmament, and every other bad idea Americans ever had. A fine candidate for being sent up the smokestacks, so might as well put the bitch on our money.
--Tim may

@_date: 2002-04-11 02:29:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "How do we trust bits?" 
How do we trust bits to represent money? Someone asked this (Mike Rosing, I think it was).
I argue that the question is, as stated, not well-grounded at this time. No one is asking for bits to be trusted, from first principles, absent real products and a real embedding in a financial system. Perhaps in N years, when Chaum/Brands kinds of digital money are actually being used, such a question will be more meaningful. Then we can ask Mary Jones why she trusts that the numbers being sent between her smart card or computer to her bank or moneychanger are really trustable. Until then, asking Mary why she should trust bits as money is inappropriate.
However, even then, in N years, the question will be problematic.
Consider this: we 'trust" bits flowing between credit card verifiers, banks, and vendors. And we trust the welter of bits flowing in and amongst computers handling bank accounts, checks, traveller's checks, international clearing houses, SWIFT, etc.
None of these systems are handling "money" in anything but a bookkeeping or accounting sense. Money is marks.
Trust. Trust is a misleading concept.
I recommend (and have done so for a long time...this is not new) doing a coordinate shift and recasting discussions about "trust" into discussions about "belief."
* At a very early age most children learn that the coins given to them by their parents may be exchanged for ice cream cones and rides on ponies. (Or for vials of crack, translating this experience into the inner cities.) Do they "trust" that a quarter is "really" a quarter, or is really money? No, they merely have an _expectation_, a _belief_, that the future will continue to look very much like the past and that the quarters in their pocket will very likely, almost with certainty, be accepted by store owners.
* At a somewhat later age, most children are introduced to the ideas of bank accounts. Often through school-sponsored Savings Bond programs or passbook savings accounts. (These fell into disfavor during the inflationary 70s.). In any case, children learn to _expect_, to _believe_, that the markings in their passbooks mean that a bank will let them take dollars and quarters out with the appropriate incantations to the bank teller. Whether the money in the bank is real or imaginary is not at issue, only the expectation of a future.
* And so on. Nearly all forms of money we encounter in the modern  world are based on this pattern that the future will, in most cases, look a lot like the future. When there are exceptions, as with bank failures or frauds, this modifies the belief function.
(Children learn, most of them, that lending money to other children and expecting to get it back is much different than depositing/lending money to the Big Bank and expecting to get it back. Children of the 1930s or of Weimar Germany may have suitable tweaks to this model, but the larger point is the same.)
Bayesian reasoning, in other words. Experiential learning, with actors/institutions embedded in a larger matrix. The Big Bank is _expected_ to be more reputable, more trustable, because of a bunch of connections it has to other actors, to the past, and to its future. Some of these things we call "reputation" (or "reputation capital"), some we call "trust." But belief is the ultimate fabric, the ultimate currency.
We place _bets_ on whether loans will be repaid (risk, loansharking, vigorish, etc.). We _discount_ certain financial instruments based on our expectations or beliefs about the future.
Furthermore, the entire "is-a" object model, where "is-a bank" and "has-an account balance of" can and SHOULD (IMO) be replaced with a more realistic and more interesting model of "believes." All of digital money is recastable in terms of Alice believes, Bob believes, Charles believes, etc. All of finance is about belief.
(And there are very intriguing semantics of these models. Saul Kripke is one place to look, as he pioneered the "possible worlds semantics" approach. All of human and animal behavior is largely based on building internal models of how the world works, what other people and animals will be doing ("will be doing" in a possible worlds sense), and what the implications of various courses of action will likely be.)
We don't "trust" that the sun will rise tomorrow: we _believe_ it will rise, because it has for every day for the past several billion years and we see no causal reason to doubt that 0.9999....947365 of all possible worlds involve the sun coming up. Operationally, we will lay heavy odds with anyone that the sun will come up.
Likewise, we don't "trust" that Bank of America will give us our money back when we ask for it (modulor the right incantations and such): we _believe_ very strongly that it will.
When people gain experience with a complex protocol, for example, and they start to see the same behavior, then they start to "trust" (= believe, = make bets) the protocol. Such was it when we were children making our first purchases with coins, such was it when we were teenagers, perhaps, and first began using checks ("You mean I can just write down a number, sign my name, and that's _money_?!").
Such was it with our first credit card usage, our first purchase of naked puts (don't ask), our first SSL-secured onlline purchase, our first use of Mark Twain Bank systems, and our first use of the First Bank of Cypherspace's newfangled blinding scheme.
So, this is why asking whether people will "trust" abstract bits is the wrong question to ask, for at least two major reasons.
--Tim May
""Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined." --Patrick Henry

@_date: 2002-04-11 17:51:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: overcoming ecash deployment problems (Re: all about 
No, we have AC because AC works better than DC in home wiring situations.
And the issue of patents on software is a _metering_ problem.
When the first microprocessors (and chips in general, but I'll focus on uPs) were sold, there was a lot of intellectual property embodied in the chips: patents, copyrights, etc. But the buyer of a chip, to be used for any purpose he cared to put it to, did not need to concern himself with negotiating anything with the vendor. The patents and other rights were "bundled" into the chip, reified, so to speak.
Anyone could buy 1 or 100 or a million chips and put them to any use. This meant a "garage company" could buy a couple of 8080s, build a product, and sell it...unencumbered.
Not so with RSA, for example. Before RSADSI would talk to a potential customer, they asked a lot of questions about uses, conflicts with other customers who had already bought the software, how the products would be identified and marked and metered. A "garage company" seeking to build RSA into a product would first have to hire a large negotiating team of lawyers and patent experts, and then would have to disclose full details of products. And RSADSI would probably not be interested in a "chump change" operation anyway.
Ditto for Digicash. Ditto for _most_ software products.
This is because the products themselves do not, and cannot, "meter Yes, I notice. Thanks. I really do believe (no pun intended) that replacing vague notions of "trust" with actor-centered notions of "belief" is important.
But this doesn't solve the metering issue.
(What _does_ solve will need another article.)
Digital cash is not free, either. (Or, rather, there is no particular ontological reason to expect it to have no fees attached.)
Also, the putative "cost" of processing VISA, MC, and other cards is dropping, and has been dropping for decades. Merchants can often negotiate favorable rates. And there is no basic reason why such systems cannot be _almost_ as efficient in pricing as other systems.
And even if the cost of processing is 1-3% for the merchant, he also gains something. Besides gaining customers who may not have either cash or checkbooks with them, especially true for _online_ stores!, his store has less physical cash. Those Loomis and Wells Fargo armored trucks hauling bags of cash around come with some costs. And "shrinkage" from the cash registers and hold-ups of stores is a major cost, both for direct losses and for insurance and hiring costs. Hauling bits is both physically safer and less costly.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-04-11 17:29:39
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: overcoming ecash deployment problems (Re: all about 
[Digital Bearer Settlement   address removed.]
Motivation is the real issue. People will not adopt a complicated (to them, to many) new financial system unless it offers them more value than it costs them. Or unless they have no choice because others have made the change and they need to be compliant.
People will not clamor for digital cash (henceforth assumed to be 2-way untraceable, not one of the watered-down one-way untraceable forms) unless they seem some advantages. "Protecting their privacy" alone is not sufficient, at least not for most transactions (buying things in stores, buying books and computers online, CDs, DVDs, etc.).
The " millicent ghetto" is especially unfruitful as a market for digital cash, at least at our level.
As I have said, some people make efforts to open offshore bank accounts, for income tax evasion, money laundering, purchase of illegal items, etc. The crackdown on offshore-backed VISAs and Mastercards is in the news. This provides some clue as to how much effort people will make to avoid certain kinds of traceability...and the efforts against banks and clearinghouses to stop these bypasses.
What would people really seek good 2-way digital cash for?
Anonymity and untraceability really matters when the consequences of being traced are serious. Selling child porn, for example. Examples What the world needs is not a good 5-cent digital money token, but a good $5 or $50 digital money token. And I mean "good," because law enforcement will be seeking to trace down who is buying and selling illegal warez.
Other illegal uses which could motivate use of digital cash are: online gambling/numbers games, buying and selling of corporate insider information, tax evasion (eventually), etc.
Redemption issues are not easy to arrange. Any bank which acts to issue and redeem/convert such tokens, when the main market is for trading child porn or other illegal warez, will likely be shut down by international bodies.
A tough nut to crack. But at least we should be thinking about the customer-driven uses, not trying to get convince Joe Sixpack that he really should be using digital cash online, especially when just last week he was happy to give his SS number for the online drawing for a free CD.
Game use is an interesting one, as we've talked about over the years. First, it may ostensibly seem "innocuous." Second, it both simulates and educates. Third, there is the potential for a "redemption leakage," e.g., where the artificial money of the artificial system is bought and sold by players (seen in Everquest recently, seen a decade ago with an Extropians reputation-rating system).
More generally, I'm a fan of building simulated systems which have more "moving parts" than just the "here's a digital cash" protocol...enjoy!" approach. Pieces in isolation are like giving someone a piece of a complicated machine and telling him to make use of it.
More on this later.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-04-25 17:18:04
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Yes, of course. There are many sources of divergence, and curved walls certainly add divergence. But, as you acknowledge, the curvature of the spherical balls is a source. In fact, the radius of curvature of a ball is much smaller than that of curved side walls, so of course they are huge sources of divergence.
And it's important for people not to think that the curved walls or curved balls are important to the phenomenon: if all surfaces were nominally flat (say, to a sixteenth wavelength, about the best a telescope mirror is ground to), the divergences would _still_ occur. Tiny alternations in temperature would affect dimensions, friction, speeds, and hence would alter arrival times. At some point, objects in one history would bounce and in another history would miss...the changes at this point are _huge_.
(I actually did a project at Intel which exploited this. I devised a scheme whereby "known good" microprocessors would be imaged by an electron microcope, state by state (using "beam blanking" to only illuminate the chip during a specific state), and then would be digitally subtracted or otherwise compared to the internal states of chips  having some speed problem, or some voltage problem, or just plain failing. By examining the time evolution of divergent states, especially by running the history backwards, we could pinpoint the "first divergence," the first state where voltage levels differed noticeably. This was usually a place where a design needed to be tweaked, or where a marginality was present, or a flaw, etc. This machine, the Dynamic Fault Imager, was used to get speeds up on the 80286 and later processors.)
And it's also useful for people to understand, deeply, that the divergences may "enter" at the fourth decimal place, or the sixth, or the twelfth. But they enter, and enter quickly, and the cascade of divergences doesn't much involve issues of flat vs. curved walls. The divergences are at a much more profound level.
BTW, someone was speculating about "history healing itself" (this is my term for it, a familiar trope in SF). A look at the billiard ball model will show how this cannot conceivably happen: as soon as one ball "misses" another, all of the later trajectories are radically different. If this is not immediately clear, spend several minutes drawing pictures.
If the writer was talking about "conserved quantities" (I think he mentioned vapors in an elevator, for example), this is not at all what we are talking about. Yes, the total energy of the billiard balls will remain roughly the same in both histories, though divergences will occur even in total energy, just more slowly. Yes, the earth's overall climate is not dramatically affected by butterflies.
But the point here is that the positions and veocities of the billard balls are "unpredictable" after some time t, where t is probably on the order of tens of seconds, even if Planck's constant were zero and there were no quantum effects whatsoever.
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-04-23 16:42:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Could you mention what they are?
Boehm's "hidden variables" model is generally discredited (some would say "disproved"). Alternatives to the Copenhagen Interpretation, notably EWG/"many worlds," Hartle's "consistent histories," and Cramer's transactional model, are still not deterministic, in that the world an observer is in ("finds himself in") is still not predictable in advance. Operationally, all interpretations give the same results, i.e., the Uncertainty Principle. (Which is why I mentioned "hidden variables," the only alternative theory which _might_ have restored classical Lagrange/Laplace predictability, in theory.)
And even if the world were Newtonian, in a classical billiard ball sense, with Planck's constant precisely equal to zero, predictability is a chimera. Consider a game of billiards, with perfectly spherical billiard balls, a perfectly flat table, etc. Trajectories depend on angles to a precision that keeps going deeper and deeper into the decimals. For example, predicting the table state after, say, 3 seconds, might require knowing positions, speeds, and angles (in other words, the vectors) to a precision of one part in a thousand. Doable, one might say.
But after 30 seconds, any "errors" that are greater than one part in a billion would lead to "substantially different" table states. Fail to know the mass or position or elasticity or whatever of just one of the billiard balls to one part in a billion and the outcome is no longer After a couple of minutes, the table positions are different if anything is not known to one part in, say, 10^50.
Even talk of a "sufficiently powerful computer" is meaningless when the dimensions of objects must be known to better than the Planck-Wheeler scale (even ignoring issues of whether there's a quantum foam at these I feel strongly about this issue, and have thought about it for many years. The whole "in principle the Universe can be calculated" was a foray down a doomed path WHETHER OR NOT quantum mechanics ever came out.
The modern name for this outlook is "chaos theory," but I believe "chaos" gives almost mystical associations to something which is really quite understandable: divergences in decimal expansions.
Discrepancies come marching in, fairly rapidly, from "out there in the Another way of looking at unpredictabality is to say that real objects in real space and subject to real forces from many other real objects are in the world of the "real numbers" and any representation of a real number as a 25-digit number (diameter of the solar system to within 1 centimeter) or even as a 100-digit number (utterly beyond all hope of meaurement!) is just not enough.
(Obscure aside: What if Wheeler and others are right in some of their speculations that the universe is ultimately quantized, a la "It from Bit"? Notwithstanding that we're now back into quantum realms and theories, even if the universe were quantized at Planck-scale levels, e.g., at 10^-33 cm levels, the gravitational pull of a distant galaxy would be out somewhere at the several hundredth decimal place, as a wild guess. The point being, even a grid-based positional system would yield the same "real number" issues.)
In short, predictability is a physical and computational chimera: it does not, and cannot, exist.
Just as no sequence can ever be proved to be "random," so, too, one can never prove that entropy "exists" except in the definition sense.
Our best definition of what we mean by random is that of a thing (sequence, for example) with no shorter description than itself. This is the Kolmogorov-Chaitin definition. Much more is available on the Web about this, which is generally known as "algorithmic information theory."
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-04-22 07:14:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
What real-life examples can you name where Gbit rates of random digits are actually needed?
Even high-bandwidth transfers of MPEGs, for example, will be done with conventional ciphers using only a tiny fraction of this bandwidth for the random number parts of the ciphers.
Speaking of real world issues, it's been half a dozen years since Goldberg and Wagner broke the Netscape "time of day random number generator." I've heard of no serious attacks when a PRNG is used properly. Not to say it can't happen, or won't happen, or hasn't already In any case, if someone wants Gbits per second of random numbers, it'll cost 'em, as it should. Not something I think we need to worry much --Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-04-22 05:47:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
Not to be pedantic, but we cannot _really_ prove that entropy is being collected from a PRNG, either.
In fact, there really _is_ no entropy from a PRNG: the bits are deterministic from the PRNG, meaning they actually have no uncertainty, no entropy. To the person who selected the program and the seed, _he_ certainly sees no randomness, no entropy. Relativity. Usual Kolmogorov/Chaitin stuff here.
Operationally, when faced with a purported source of "random numbers," naive calculations of entropy are often made. This is true for the output of a Johnson noise diode, or a radioactive decay circuit, or the RAND Corporation's Table of One Million Random Digits.
But all of the calculated ("measured") entropy numbers collapse to zero or some small number if and when someone figures out that he knows how to predict the nth digit.
The usual arguments I hear about why PRNGs are better is that they a) can give reproducible sequences for testing software (often much more useful than physically-derived numbers would be, for obvious statistical reasons), b) in some sense there is more assurance that a BBS generator, for example, has not been manipulated.
If I wanted a good PGRNG (Pretty Good RNG) I'd favor one that mixes a physical source, mixes entropy extracted from user actions (keystroke intervals, mouse movements, over a lot of days), and distills it all some more with a BBS.
(The meta-solution for good numbers is then to mix different kinds of RNGs, to take a BBS output and XOR it with a Lava Lamp sequence, to seed a PRNG with mouse strokes, etc. As with ciphers, composition of many functors tends to help, unless one of the stages has bad properties, e.g., avalanche conditions. (Blowfish (3DES (Bassomatic (foo))) will be at least as strong as (Blowfish (foo)), all other things being equal.)
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2002-04-21 05:49:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
After including a huge amount of stuff which looks to be taken directly from a textbook, you write:
"Therefore square root(5)
We consider only the decimal part 23 60 67 97 74 99 78 96 96 40 91 73 66 87 31 28
Above we break the decimal into set of 2 digits proceeding from left to right and gives us random numbers 23, 60, 67, 97, 74, 99, 78, 96, 96, 40, 91, 73, 66, 87, 31, 28
As above we obtain 16 random numbers between 0 an 100.
By extending this idea to 3 digits, by grouping the decimals as 3 digits we can get as many random numbers between 0 and 1000.
This idea can be extended to any higher order.
Is this a good idea for a random number generator too?
Thank you for your time.
These decimal digits in the expansion of SQRT(5) are NOT "random." They have a shorter description than themselves, namely, "SQRT(5)," and hence are neither random by accepted definitions nor are they as hard to "predict" as better random-like numbers would be. In short, all somewhat has to do is guess "Maybe he's using the SQRT of a natural number as his source of "random" numbers."
Your scheme is not even as good as most PRNGs, which at least purport to make the sequence far-removed from any of the "very short description" As a meta-point, the world is not in short supply of lots of good RNGs, ranging from Johnson noise detectors to very strong Blum-Blum-Shub generators. The interesting stuff in crypto lies in other places.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2002-04-24 01:56:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Quantum mechanics, England, and Topos Theory 
It's not my idea, obviously. But the fact that I wrote it so quickly, and so glibly (he admits), is because it's so internalized to everything I think. I simply cannot _conceive_ of anyone thinking the Universe, let alone the Multiverse, is predictable in any plausible or operational sense. The sources of "divergence" (aka chaos, aka combinatorial explosion, aka Big O with a Vengeance) come in from all sides. Even the Fredkin/Toffoli/Wheeler stuff (and E. Leitl sent me a note saying he thinks the reference to predictability was about Fredkin's "Digital Philosophy" stuff...maybe, maybe not) does not escape the impasse of unpredictability. For reasons I will not even belabor here...those who don't see it already won't be convinced even if I and others write a dozen long articles.
On to Ken's point about Merrye Olde England.
The U.K. has long been a hotbed of quantum and cosmology things, from Dirac onwards. (I started to list the cosmologists, but bogged down trying to remember all of them...Hoyle, Bondi, Penrose, Hawking, etc.)
It turns out I've been reading a lot of quantum theory related to the interest I talked about a few weeks ago, namely, category theory and topos theory. And there's a fascinating link with quantum cosmology and quantum mechanics in general.
I'll reference a lecture given in honor of, believe it or not, my professor of relativity back in 1973; Jim Hartle.
Chris Isham and his collegeague Butterfield are applying topos theory to the problem of observables, logic, and apparent paradoxes in quantum mechanics. An excellent lecture is downloadable in Media Player/Quicktime form at
"Quantum Theory and Reality" is the theme. It's worth watching.
About half way through, Isham has an astounding graphic showing how the natural topos of quantum mechanics naturally gives us the Schrodinger's Cat situation, showing that how natural it is in this topos (this "mathematical universe") that the Law of the Excluded Middle (A or Not-A) be ignored.
And, as I told you a few weeks ago, there are even connections with themes of this list.
But the margins of this thread are too narrow and I regret that I cannot say more at this point.
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2002-04-24 19:19:14
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Sources for GBPS random bits 
I'll probably regret proposing such things, but here goes.
First, I'm not sure there are plausible reasons for GBPS (giga bit per second) sources of "random" bits. Generating a OTP for a CD-ROM scheme is certainly not such a situation. Padding a PipeNet link may be one, but then all your need for the padding is something that "looks like" (same statistics, same run lengths, same compressability, etc.) the actual message traffic.
For the sake of this argument, let's assume the goal is worth pursuing.
Second, some approaches:
1. Radioactive decay. Don't count on it at these rates. A billion events per second is a very, very high dose rate, even if spread out over millions of FETs or diodes.
2. Johnson noise, avalanche-breakdown, etc. Much more plausible, as the leakage current in, say, N cells could be measured M times per second s.t. N * M = 10^9 bits per second, suitably MUXed and dumped out in a 3. Monitor a WiFi source that is "very noisy." 2.4 GHz implies a bit rate in the right range. Noise shaping and standard Von Neumann methods to remove skews (more 1 than 0, or vice versa) would of course be done.
4. Monitor a t.v. channel or satellite broadcast that is noisy. Data rates should approximate the usual video rates.
(Calculational approach: 30 frames per second times approximately 500 x 500 pixels times approximately 20 bits per pixel (not full 24-bit color) equals roughly 150 MBPS. Scale up accordingly for DVD or better resolution. Beware of compression when converting MPEG numbers, though. A GBPS is possible by mixing several t.v. channels, or by using HDTV. The calculational approach fits with the heuristic approach, relating DVD movies sent over the Net.)
Third, what are some good "noisy sources"?

@_date: 2002-04-29 00:16:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Europe 
[name elide to prevent His search engines from finding text with His name in it and then threatening legal action.]
Do you mean _Him_? I once followed-up to a post mentioning Him and received many threatening e-mails demanding that I cancel my post and inform Google that it was to be removed forthwith or both Google and myself and my ISP would face massive legal attack.
I was tempted to tell him, and his lawyers (er, barristers) to fuck off. Either than or to hire a freelance IRA guy to blow him up.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/ML/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns
Recent interests: category theory, toposes, algebraic topology

@_date: 2002-04-28 15:28:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Europe 
As you note in your last sentence, the lack of discussion of European (*), or Asian, or African news is for Europeans or Asians or Africans to fix.
(* As for Europe, we have a fair amount of news from the U.K. Not all consider it part of Europe, though.)
In past years there were several people from Germany, Holland, Sweden, etc. on the list. Someone from France (Damien G.) even discovered a major security bug. So, Europe has been well-represented. (Not much now, but, then, the volume of CP postings is way down...the substantive ones, at least.)
Oh, and I think there's a guy from Australia still posting on this list.
The most obvious reasons there are vastly more articles dealing with U.S.-centered developments are:
1. This is where the vast majority of the subscribers are living. Why more people in Europe are not interested in these issues is something one should ask Europeans about.
2. Physical meetings in the Bay Area are still happening, drawing between 20 and 40 persons per meeting. Some fraction of them are regular posters here.
3. The U.S., like it or not, remains the center of much that is technological, with all of the major PC and computer companies, most of the major software companies, and so on.
You are of course welcome to write articles. This is the best fix for "How come there are more articles on X?" complaints.
By the way,  "local news" is not the real purpose of the list, in my opinion. Getting news is best done via browsers and the many hundreds of news outlets.
--Tim May
"The whole of the Bill [of Rights] is a declaration of the right of the
people at large or considered as individuals... It establishes some
rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently, no
majority has a right to deprive them of." -- Albert Gallatin of the New York Historical Society, October 7, 1789

@_date: 2002-04-28 19:22:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Topics and Toposes (Re: "news" is irrelevant -- write code not 
Agreed. News is dominated by the theme du jour. This week it's the "news" that a lot of priests are homosexual pedophiles...yawn. Or it's the "news" that Arabs and Jews are still killing each other (not fast enough, IMO).
Sometimes some genuinely interesting news comes out, such as the news about the quark stars. But don't count on t.v. to cover it ("Tonight at 11, those weird things the telescope guys have found!").
I get most of my input from what I find with Google. And from books. And I don't mean the books in Oprah Winfrey's Book Club.
(Right now, I'm reading about topos theory, intuitionistic logic, time-varying sets, Chris Isham, Fotini Markopoulou, capabilities and ZKIPS, agents of bounded rationality and knowledge, and so on. The deep nature of time, causality, knowledge, and perhaps of complex systems. All linked, I believe, with systems of interacting financial agents, e.g., Alice and Bob. But I'm still working on this, with many miles to go. I get into more of this below, at the end of this article.)
Of the "crypto-related news" that _does_ get reported, most of it is a distraction from the real goals. Ironically, the lack of new repressive crypto legislation is one of the several reasons crypto has become "tired," to used the "Wired" lingo. With Phil Z. not facing jail, with crypto exporters not facing espionage charges, with Bernstein relatively free to teach, and, most importantly, with Clipper and Mykotronx and all that rot no longer in the news, things have cooled down considerably. No wonder crypto companies are doing so poorly...Verisign down by 50% on Friday as just one example. With crypto being relegated to page D-42 of the newspaper, below the tennis scores, public and corporate "awareness" of crypto is almost gone completely. Crypto is not "sexy" the way it was in 1994, when using PGP was both a statement of solidarity with Phil and was a stick poked in the eye of Big Brother.
(And today, post 911, we have ostensible libertarians arguing for Big Brother controls on thought and writing. Using PGP is now seen by many as unpatriotic. "What have you got to hide?")
Which makes it a good time to concentrate on the fundamentals, not on selling crypto, not on starting companies, not on trying to convince Joe Sixpack to use PGP.
This is what I have been calling "the Crypto Winter," by analogy with the "AI Winter" (itself presumably inspired by talk of "nuclear winter").
My problem with the "cypherpunks write code" mantra has long been that it is used indiscriminately, often by people who haven't themselves written anything of note. (Doesn't apply to Adam, obviously.)
The flavor of the sentiment is lost when people think it means "don't think about where to go, just start hacking Perl!"
Fact is, very, very few things have actually been coded. Fact is, we're still mired at the conceptual level of 1977, with RSA. (And with some list members debating how to generate random numbers, a subject that was old 20 years ago and that is of essentially no significance for the goals which many of us mostly support.) Little of the interesting crypto of the mid-to-late-80s is implemented in code...it's as if time stopped in 1980.
Here we are, ten years after the start of Cypherpunks, with basically a *less* usable PGP, to most casual users,  than we had in 1992 (because of fragmentation, a tower of Babel set of non-commutable versions, battles over commercial vs. noncommercial versions, and creeping featuritus), and with very little else in the Cypherpunks Canon.
Where are the systems we expected to see?
It's bleak, as befits a winter, but not completely bleak. Crypto in browsers is a big win, and this happened through corporate deals, mostly. But that's still "your father's crypto," so to speak. Encryption...ho hum.
I could go on, listing successes and failures, but I just did it within the last several months, so it's not time yet to repeat myself yet again.
Agreed, but this list--and probably others, from what I hear--is now a low-volume (except for Choate, Mattd, etc.) list with no more than a dozen active, thoughtful posters. It's hard to see how much more discussion can happen than happened several years ago, when the list was still vital.
The reasons for the past vitality have also been discussed several times. The 1992-95 years were a revolutionary period: the Net was gaining popularity, tens of miliions of people got access, the Web, the Clipper chip, start of "Wired" (cause or effect, doesn't matter), the CFP, the whole schmear. Things peaked around 1994-95, with the tee-shirts and the bumper stickers and the 800+ subscribers. After around 1996-7, the long decline set in. This was also the period of heavy "commercialization" of crypto, with many list members going to work for the several crypto companies heavily linked to Cypherpunks ideas. (Most of these companies failed, or were acquired, and most of the list members who worked at them have not returned to active posting on the list, for whatever good or flaky reasons.)
So in the early days we got a huge crop of people who were thinking about these issues, who were pissed off at Clipper and the export and PGP things, who were fired-up to implement cypherspace and crypto anarchy and systems without borders. This has settled down. And the inflow of new recruits has just about stopped. The newer kids "coming up" are into other things. Very much like the "antiwar activism" of the late 60s, with a worldwide association of people then in their 20s, ranging from French protesters to the Chicago Seven to college students all over the world. But this group of activists pretty much formed the core, with relatively few new activist recruits in the 70s and later. Every revolution has its time, and its fomenters then move forward through time like a pig in a python.
I'm not making a melodramatic "time to kill the list" call, as some have made in the past. I plan to remain subscribed until the sun finally burns out.
But it's clear that the excitement in the air during the early years has subsided. Related to this, I hear strong rumors that "Wired" may cease publication, that the owners of "Wired" have gotten "tired" of its low profitability. (One can only hope that a further implosion of the magazine business happens. Two hundred computer weeklies and monthlies, mostly filled with advertising and breathless articles. Who really reads "Oracle 8DBMI World, the Magazine for Oracle 8DMI Enterprise Solutions And inducing way too many otherwise-bright people into thinking that "studying the law" is a useful career path.
(The only good news is that lawyers are now increasingly hiring on at corporations, becoming relatively poorly-paid "legal engineers." The dilberting of the law is a wonderful sight to behold. Having entire corporations of lawyers is not a wonderful sight, but seeing lawyers turned into cubicle residents _is_. This may staunch the flow.)
It's not all grim. This is not the Twilight of the Gods.
Personally, I'm more excited than _ever_, lest my comments above suggest world-weariness. Here's what I'm reading this weekend:
* Lee Smolin, "Three Roads to Quantum Gravity." A very readable account of work on quantum gravity, string theory, and black hole thermodynamics as the three major routes being explored for the unification of the quantum/QED/QCD world with the general relativity/cosmology world. Interesting tie-ins to topos theory and nonstandard logic (where the law of the excluded middle is not used...Rand is spinning in her grave).
* some papers by Isham and Butterfield, by Fotini Markopoulou, and by others working to figure out the logic of quantum cosmology.
* Paul Taylor, "Practical Foundations of Mathematics." This is a deep book, not at all light reading. Taylor has strong views on the logical foundations of mathematics, heavily-flavored by category theory and the theory of computation. I am not "reading" this book, but looking at it with an eye toward what I need to catch up on so I can _eventually_ read * My "catch up" reading is perhaps not interesting to you folks, as it basically means the reading that a first year math grad student would be expected to have completed: abstract algebra, point-set topology, a bit of analysis (theory of functions), some logic, and then some algebraic topology. I expect to be doing this reading and problem-solving for as long as it takes. Some of the books I'm using: (these are not always the full or exact titles...the context should be clear from Amazon. If in doubt, ask me.)
Being that I'm doing self-study, and can afford them, I try to have three or more texts in any single area. And I read them more or less in parallel, moving back and forth between the books, and between the major Phase One:
* Dummit and Foote, "Abstract Algebra." Supplemented with Herstein, Mac Lane and Birkhoff, and Hungerford. I studied some group theory, and have had Herstein's "Topics in Algebra" in my book collection for 30 years....but algebra has been my weakest area, and hence it's now my main concentration.
* Munkres, "Topology." Supplemented with several Dover reprints (Gemignani, Steen, Hocking and Young, etc.).
* some analysis and measure theory by Rudin, Royden, Halmos, Simmons, And in Phase Two, after catching up a bit:
* Hatcher, "Algebraic Topology." Supplemented with Massey, Vick (Homology Theory), May (no relation to me), etc.
* Bollobas, "Graph Theory" (as a tangent, as it's not in the core path leading where I'm going)
* Taylor, "Practical Foundations," as noted above. Used as a guidepost for readings on logic and set theory.
* category theory: half a dozen books, which I discussed a few weeks ago
But, so as not to leave anything out here, these are the main category theory books I'm using. They range all over the map, so to speak, in difficulty. A partial list:
* Lawvere and Schanuel," Conceptual Mathematics." A remarkably readable, no prerequisites introduction to category theory. Lawvere was the main discoverer of why toposes (or topoi) are important and how "theories as toposes" and "universes as toposes" are so interesting. Highly * McClarty, "Elementary Categories, Elementary Toposes."
* Mac Lane, "Category Theory for the Working Mathematician." Very tough reading. Will be more useful later.
* Goldblatt, "Topoi." Out of print, so I use the UCSC Library copy (I'm fortunate to live close enough to use that wonderful library).
* and a bunch of papers and downloaded tutorials. (Do searches on the various words here and a lot of interesting hits can then be tracked.)
How could this stuff possibly relate to Cypherpunks themes?
First, it may not, directly. I'm reading this stuff because it relates to many areas which have long interested me, from my physics days with black holes and causal horizons, and because the math is exciting. I think it may provide the key to a bunch of logical problems related to computing with incomplete information, capability-based systems, agents with bounded rationality, and problems of "knowledge" (absolute) versus "belief" (or bet, estimate, prediction). Kripke's "Naming and Necessity" is an interesting book to read on related issues.
Second, I believe that topos theory is very likely the proper theory to use to analyze systems of agents acting with incomplete or non-absolute information. (This is a point that Smolin and Taylor, as well as several of the category theorists and toposophers, have made, that topos theory is more than about abstract sets...it's the logic of time-varying sets, of "Heyting algebras" in place of "Boolean algebras," and of situations where the law of the excluded middle, "A or Not-A," is not used. And it's the theory to use with "micro universes," universes created out of axioms and other seeds. The parallels with cypherspace and complex systems are there.)
This belief I have that topos theory is the right tool to analyze these systems is probably controversial...and I may be the only person on the planet today with some knowledge of both domains (crypto protocols and topos theory)  and who has looked at things this way. Which is exciting in and of itself.
Pigging out on this stuff is what makes my life interesting. Your mileage may vary.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/ML/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns
Recent interests: category theory, toposes, algebraic topology

@_date: 2002-04-29 17:16:44
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Upcoming workshop on category theory and concurrency 
I chose not to reply to "KPJ" for two reasons:
1. His "whine" was that he/she/it didn't think I'd "done" enough to justify commenting.
2. I checked, and could find no other messages, ever, from KPJ. (It's possible he/she/it posted before, and I deleted the messages....I only keep about half of all posts which make it past my filters.)
There's no doubt in my mind that commenting on factors affecting crypto today and also commenting on math of possible relevance to crypto protocols is AT LEAST as on-topic as much of what gets posted here. In any case, if KPJ doesn't want to read it, he/she/it should know what to I'll have more to say about what I'm getting at when I a) know more, and b) take the time to write up a teaching essay.
In the meantime, I suggest "KPJ" establish a track record for interesting posts before taking more potshots.
--Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-04-30 18:58:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
Note: I wrote the following item to Dave Molnar, as part of our off-line conversation. I ended up summing-up a bunch of points I wanted to put out to the list, and Dave has given me permission to include his remarks. A few places refer to "you"...this is why.
to Help the Cause. I pointed out to him the Big Brotherish trends and
how his data mining software would be more likely to be used to track
dissidents than it would be to stop an Arab from hijacking a plane.
Yes, this was what disturbed me a bit at the workshop. Privacy issues discussed, but most of the time it seemed like lip service. No one up the issue of oversight, control, and explanation of the new methods
we'd all develop. Not to mention that the problems we were supposed to
solve started out vague and stayed pretty vague.
[Note: this is a discussion about "data mining," the subject of a couple of recent workshops and conferences, post 911. I was referring to a friend of mine who runs a very successful data mining operation, in the hedge fund business, and how he wants to apply his expertise to help the anti-terrorism battle.]
The deep error which has been with us for a long time is the assumption that we can create legal systems or surveillance systems which go after "bad guys" but not "good guys." That is, that we can separate "bad guys" like Mohammed Atta from "good guys," all in advance of actual criminal or terrorist acts.
Your later point about how the creators of these data mining systems want "protections" which prevent systems from going too far, from extracting too much information, from compiling too many dossier entries...this is just one of many examples. (Others being: restrictions on cash and crypto and many other things, surveillance cameras, etc.) The talk of "safeguards" misses the important error.
The error is that any system usable by John Q. Public to protect his privacy is usable by Mohammed Atta to protect HIS privacy, absent some way to classify John Q. Public and Mohammed Atta into two different classes. Such a system was not in place on Sept 10th, and it is unlikely to ever be in place. (The upcoming film "Minority Report" is just the latest treatment of this theme: can criminals be classified in advance of their crimes? Phrenologists used to measure head shape, now we have "personality inventory" tests in grade school, trying to separate out the future psychopaths and thought criminals from the rest of the herd.)
Given that such a classifier (in topos terms, a "subobject classifier") does not exist at present, the only solution is then to ban all forms of cash, for example. Or place surveillance cameras in all public places. Or to set up comprehensive national dossier systems.  And the "safeguards" in data mining will of course be either subverted or ignored, as any safeguard which protects John Q. Public wll, perforce, protect "future Columbine killers," future Charles Mansons, and future Mohammed Attas.
The radical view many of us espouse is actually the one envisaged by the Founders: protection from government is more important than catching a few criminals in advance of their crimes. (Probably a more elegant, universal way of phrasing this...)
Yes, some people who use digital cash will be bad guys. Yes, some people who use remailers will be child porn sellers. Yes, etc.
[Note: the following is more speculative, meant as a comment to Dave, a math major. When I outline my full proposal on how category theory and topos theory apply to our kind of issues, I'll lay out the arguments in much more detail.]
The topos connection is very real, in terms of outlook shift. If someone says "Is Person X a criminal or not a criminal?," this is not meaningful in terms of future actions. It is only meaningful in terms of a *constructive* proof: has this person already *committed* a crime? If a crime can be demonstrated and the right causal links established, the person has been proved to have committed a crime. This is of course the intuitionist (in Brouwer's sense) position (which I am now realizing I support, and that others should support, and that it in fact matches reality in many important ways).
---Digression on Intuitionism---
Intuitionism is defined at length in online sources, e.g., Mathworld. It has nothing to do with mysticism or irrationality. Rather, it's an alternative to conventional 20th century logic. In the intuitionist view, infinity is not used and the "law of the excluded middle" is not used. This has implications for the Axiom of Choice and its equivalent forms. Radical when Brouwer first proposed it nearly a century ago, but used extensively in the 1960s. Closely related to "time-varying sets," where set membership is a function of time, naturally enough. ("John is now a member of the set of civilians, but tomorrow he becomes a member of the set of soldiers."). Also related to alternatives to Boolean algebra, such as Heyting algebra.
Classical logic requires "omniscient observers":
"There are either stars older than 20 billion years or there are not."
"The number of grains of sand in the world is either XXX or it is not."
"There will either be a woman president of the U.S. by 2040 or there will not be."
Lee Smolin in "Three Roads to Quantum Gravity" gives good example involving "facts" which are unknowable to _anyone_ in our location in space and time because they involve happenings outside our light cone. For example, the number of cats living in galaxy 30 billion light-years from our own. No light, no signal, from that galaxy has ever reached our part of the universe, so there is absolutely no way of knowing the truth or falsity of statements about cats living in that galaxy. Similarly, statements about the future, or statements about events in possible worlds (a la Kripke), are not meaningful using simple classical logic.
Astute readers will see that many of the "top down models" in financial crypto, in systems of interacting agents, involve assumptions about omniscience (e.g., the programmers). Is Alice "really" trustworthy or not? Does Bob the Banker have the funds on deposit to cover claims?
The logic of systems of malicious, devious agents is the logic of incomplete knowledge and intuitionistic logic.
"Show me the money!" is the essence of a constructive proof, a la ---End digression, for now----
What people want to know is "Will Person X commit a crime in the future?" (And hence we should deny him access to strong crypto _now_,  for example, which is the whole point of attempting to surveil, restrict, and use data mining to ferret out bad trends.)
Even the strongest believer in the law of the excluded middle would not argue that the "Will Person X commit a crime in the future?" has a "Yes" or "No" answer at the _present_ time. (Well, actually, I suppose some folks _would_. They would say "I personally don't know if he will, but in 50 years he either will have committed a crime or he will not have committed a crime.")
As with the Schrodinger's Cat "paradox," we cannot say anything at the present time about "crime/no crime" or "dead/not dead." (This is the sense in which a Heyting algebra dealing with time-varying membership in sets  is more interesting  for our purposes than a Boolean algebra of yes/no truth values.)
How radical is this view? People have been reasoning with incomplete current and future knowledge for a long time, needless to say. Betting what someone will or will not do, betting on future outcomes, is the third oldest profession. All of the usual tools: probability, Bayesian outlook, "indicators" (those psychological inventories), skull shape, etc. So I'm not saying a Heyting algebra gives "novel" results, but it changes the focus. (In quantum mechanics, for example, it links directly with "many worlds" and "consistent histories" interpretations.)
Can we Identify the Bad Guys?
Getting back to law enforcement attempting to predict the future, the lack of any meaningful way to predict who will be a future Mohammed Atta or Charles Manson, and who thus "should" be restricted in his civil liberties, is the important point.
Could any amount of data mining have identified Mohammed Atta and his two dozen or so co-conspirators? Sure, *now* we know that an "indicator" is "Unemployed Arab taking flying lessons," but we surely did not know this prior to 9/11.
Finding correlations ("took flying lessons," "showed interest in chemical engineering," "partied at a strip club") is not hard. But not very useful.
To the law enforcement world, this means _everyone_ must be tracked and surveilled, dossiers compiled.
All of the talk about "safeguards" in the data mining is just talk. Any safeguard sufficient to give John Q. Public protection will give Mohammed Atta protection...because operationally they are identical persons: there is no subobject classifier which can distinguish them! By saying Mohammed Atta is indistinguishable from other Arab men who generally fit the same criteria...assuming we don't know in *advance* that "Unemployed Arab taking flying lessons" is an important subobject (Sure, _now_ we are looking for unemployed Arabs taking flying lessons, and not finding any. That's the easy part. The hard part is finding out about the future, about other types of attacks. There's the rub. And this is why becoming a dossier society is not the answer.)
One speaker, who otherwise gave an **excellent** recap of discussion, went so far as to try to draw a distinction between "social/legal issues"
and "scientific issues" and then tried to say "we should not care about
the social stuff and focus primarily on the science." Part of this was
motivated by some of the same concerns I see you expressing with regards
to law school -- a feeling that the traditional political/legal methods have are about defending turf instead of solving the problem at hand, so
the real answers will come from the science.
Indeed, the major "changes in ground truth" (what is actually seen on the "ground," as in a battle) have come from technology. It was the invention and sale of the Xerox machine and VCR that altered legal ideas about copyright and "fair use," not a bunch of lawyers pontificating. In both cases, the ground truth had already shifted, in a kind of knowledgequake, and the Supremes had only two choices: accept the new reality by arguing about "fair use" and "time-shifting," or declare such machines contraband and authorize the use of storm troopers to collect the millions of copiers and VCRs aleady sold. They chose the first (The DMCA and Hollywood proposals have not yet reached this stage, so Congress is pushing the storm trooper approach, a la Sklyarov, requirements that PCs have Big Brother features built in, etc. How this will play out will depend on how many "workarounds" get out there. This is an important point: getting more hacks and workarounds will increase the chances that the laws will be changed. One good hacker is worth a hundred lawyers.)
Where this line of thought fails and fails miserably is when the can give us new options, but we won't look for them if we aren't thinking
to. As an example, Chaum came up with anonymous digital cash in part
because he was interested in privacy - and that opens up all new
avenues...if privacy had not been present in the "science" side of we wouldn't have gotten that.
Precisely! This is why the talk fo how the Cypherpunks list (and similar lists) should not be political is so wrong-headed: without a political compass, where would we head?
(That the dominant political philosophy is closely-attuned to what is now called "libertarianism" (but which used to be called "liberalism," or "classical liberalism") is more because that's the only political philosophy attuned to distributed, non-hierarchical systems. One might imagine a list oriented toward using strong crypto to help with fascism, or with Maoism, but there would be some deep conflicts. The absence of such groups, or even of "strong crypto for social welfare" milder forms, tells us a lot.)
One encouraging thing was that a lot of the "data mining" speakers seemed
very interested in exploring methods for limiting use of their i.e. making sure you can't get "too much" out of the database.
Unfortunately the discussion of "how much is too much" wasn't in scope
here, but at least some mechanisms might end up being in place...
And, as I argued above, I doubt that any such "limits" will either be very _useful_ or will be very _long-lasting_.
Trusting in others to provide safeguards or limits is not very (BTW, as you probably know or can imagine, there have been crypto methods proposed for safeguarding certain kinds of data collection, e.g., schemes using "random coin flip protocols" for answering questions like "Are you homosexual?" (supposedly "useful" for public health planners trying to deal with HIV/AIDS issues. The idea is that the pollee XORs his answer with a random bit. His answer then doesn't _implicate_ him, but overall statistics can still be deduced from a large enough sample. Ho hum. Better to simply tell the poller "None of your fucking business...get off my property.")
The core point is the familiar one: we are coming to, or have reached, a fork in the road. Down one path lies the Surveillance State, the Panopticon, with ubiquitous cameras, intrusive questions, restrictions on untraceable spending, and other detritus of the police state. Down the other path lies a universe of strong crypto with a web of "opaque pipes" linking "opaque objects."
Technologists can make the second path the reality. Lawyers and lawmakers will try to take us down the first path.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/ML/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns
Recent interests: category theory, toposes, algebraic topology

@_date: 2002-05-16 19:56:12
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Cow Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act 
"PlayPork" is being published by Hugh Heifer.
But seriously, this law illustrates to even the naive why things have gotten so out of control.
The law is not meant to be actually enforced. It fails on constitutional grounds and will ultimately be overturned. There is no "obscenity" fig leaf to use to justify, even to our statist courts, the abrogation of the First Amendment. But the lawmakers don't care: it is enough to prove that they "cared."
(Holding them liable for costs associated with litigation would be If the photos were taken illegally, e.g., by trespassers sneaking into barns and labs, then prosecute the trespassing, a property crime. If the photos were taken legally, without trespassing, then criminalizing publishing is a violation of the First Amendment.
Not that they care.
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2002-05-14 02:27:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Brinworld: residents use UAV to bust County for eco 
Ironic timing. For two reasons.
First, a fire started about 2:45 pm PDT today in the Trabuco Canyon and Rancho Santa Margarita regions. I've been watching coverage on the LA t.v. stations.  The "natural habitat" (greasewood, chapparal, manzanita) is what is burning. It's the human-planted stuff, like iceplant and cacti, that are acting as firebreaks. Natures periodically burns. I wouldn't be surprised if the "we stopped the grading in order to save the chartreuse garter snake" region got burned to the ground.
Second, you mention Brin, in the "Earth" and in his anti-privacy nonfiction book sense. However, a more interesting reference is to another SF writer, Kim Stanley Robinson. I highly recommend "Gold Coast," the second volume in  his "three possible futures for Orange County" series. The first of these was a post-apocalyptic future of shell gatherers and coastal tribes, much akin to Jack London's classic "Scarlet Plague" (set in the Bay Area). The third is an airy fairy, namby pamby, eco-fantasy akin to Ernest Callenbach's "Ecotopia" (also set in California...go figure).
The second is my favorite, by far. Robinson captures the essence of OC's crowds, the surfers, the burbclaves (years before Stephenson's "Snow Crash," _also_ set in California!).
I was not a fan of Robinson's more critically praised "Mars" series, and "Antarctica" was hard for me to slog through. But his "Orange County" series is generally good, and "Gold Coast" is spectacular. (Not be confused with Nelson DeMille's "Gold Coast," which is also excellent.)
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2002-05-01 18:20:47
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Louis Freeh STILL wants your keys. 
Probably the latter. When I read this Freeh quote, I assumed his intent was to imagine a world in which "Microsoft supplies users with their keys," which is a corporate-centric world very much desired by many of the larger corporations. They would love to have an annual renewal fee, sort of like domain name annual fees.
(Peter, probably even your own company is trying to figure out ways to get an annual license fee from your users. I'll bet doughnuts to dollars that there are working groups in your marketing department trying to devise schemes whereby RSA manages keys for corporations and users.)
So long as users are free to generate and publish their own keys, Freeh's scenario is impossible.
(The security flaws with "Oracle-issued" or "Microsoft-issued" keys are so enormous that no sane person would use them. However, the world is not filled with sane people.)
The trend may be toward the corporate model. Filing of tax forms, submission of other forms, etc., is already creating demand for "official" signatures/certificates. (Like the fees paid to Verisign to get some bullshit certificate.)
I hope even the Freehs of the world realize that the genie has long been out of the bottle, that Mohammed Atta would had many ways to communicate without having to use "MyYahooCrypto" back-doored schemes.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-05-13 15:39:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
I used a VISA debit card to buy a $25,000 Ford Explorer.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2002-05-01 03:09:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
Maybe the reason I haven't heard any hassles of me is that my broker understands full well that I will transfer my assets forthwith if I am ever treated as a criminal by an employee at any level.
Frankly, I'm waiting for the opportunity.
--Tim May
"The whole of the Bill [of Rights] is a declaration of the right of the
people at large or considered as individuals... It establishes some
rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently, no
majority has a right to deprive them of." -- Albert Gallatin of the New York Historical Society, October 7, 1789

@_date: 2002-05-01 00:00:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Bad guys vs. Good guys 
The First, Second, Fourth, and Fifth Amendments were suspended for security reasons, so why not the Sixth?
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-05-02 15:40:51
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Satellite Hacking Article Now Free 
No, there is little blackness, at least nothing noticeable to me. (I just checked: about 1 second of blackness, but I believe this is longer than I used to see. I now have "UltimateTV," a TiVO-like disk system, and it's "always recording and buffering." I believe the 1-second of blackness is related to the buffering. Without it, I recollect the blackness to be less. Never a problem for me, not then, not now.)
I've had DirecTV for 6 years and can say it's the best consumer investment I've ever made. I tend to have the t.v. on, with the sound muted usually, even when I'm on the Net, like right now...CNBC is on. Getting UltimateTV (or the equivalent from DISH) has been a real plus.
No outages to speak of in these 6 years. No need to call the company to complain, no mysterious noise, nothing but a clean signal. (Actually, twice a year I get poor signals for a few minutes during mid-day, as the sun passes through the Clarke Belt and swamps out the satellite signal.)
The biggest downside is that having N televisions tuned to N different channels is not easy. I have only one channel at a time, feeding all 3 of my televisions. I could get 2 simulaneous channels by upgrading my dish antenna LNB to a dual-LNB verson, and running an extra cable to my UltimateTV receiver. I know some friends who rule out DirectTV for this reason, as they have 3 or more potential viewers who want to watch different channels at the same time.
The other downside is the FCC nonsense about local channels, about giving them the local monopoly. So if it is deemed that a normal antenna can pick up a channel, satellite can't offer that network to a subscriber. If this is unclear, I can elaborate. Larger "markets" offer these local stations over the satellite, but there's currently a logistical limit to this. (There are 1500 local "markets" in the U.S.). For example, I live in the "Monterey-Salinas-Santa Cruz" market, and someone has decided that I should be able to receive the local NBC affiliate, KSBW, with a normal antenna. Thus, KSBW tells DirectTV not to enable the NBC network feeds (LA and NYC affiliates) over my satellite. So I have to watch a snowy, grainy NBC signal with my rabbit ears.)
--Tim May
"The whole of the Bill [of Rights] is a declaration of the right of the
people at large or considered as individuals... It establishes some
rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently, no
majority has a right to deprive them of." -- Albert Gallatin of the New York Historical Society, October 7, 1789

@_date: 2002-05-02 04:51:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "No Fly List" abuse by U.S. Government 
According to "The Progressive," which I assume is the same outfit that published the H-bomb plans, a bunch of activists were blocked from traveling to D.C. for a protest march. More than just a couple, in fact. This looks like exactly the kind of abuse of power we all knew the "watch lists" and "thought criminal" b.s. would lead to.
I have no way of verifying the details, but the article suggests the U.S. has used the 911 events to move headlong into a police state.
These kids and activists were by no stretch of the imagination likely to be carrying hijacking tools...and even if they were suspected to be doing so, physical searches would resolve the issue.
Fuck these fascists. Fuck them dead.Fuck them all dead.  Fuck Washington with a 50 MT nuke, built from Progressive plans.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2002-05-03 17:35:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Court orders video spying 
Good catch. This has several implications and connections (to our kinds of issues):
1.The "no links to actual user names" is as solid as the "no links to Japanese-ancestry" Census results from 1940. Expect data mining to occur, expect damage lawsuits to name actual user names.
2. This shows that if a technical capability exists, in this case things like key clicks, channel changes, programs watched, programs recorded, etc., then some bunch of judges and bureaucrats and corporate shills WILL seek to use that information. The corporate shills may be mostly interested in targetting users with certain data-mine characteristics for advertising and special offers, but the cops and narcs will of course be interested in compiling dossiers for control purposes. (There's a connection with the themes we just discussed about data mining and subobject classifiers, but I won't get into this now.)
3. As always, never trust the laws of man. Thinking the bureaucrats, cops, narcs, and corporate shills will protect privacy is silly. (BTW, expect our European members to natter on about how Data Privacy Laws and Ombudsmen and all that statist rot will prevent occurrences like this TiVO/Replay/UltimateTV situation...until President LePen uses France's Minitel or Son of Minitel to deduce where the Jews and Muslims are living and which sites they are visiting...and so it goes.)
4. Publicity of this SonicBlue court case may scare the sheeple in interesting ways.
5. This may cause inventors and hackers to devise ways to spoof the SonicBlue boxes...or accelerate outright piracy. Which would  you rather have, a Big Brother-enabled SonicBlue box or a pirate box with no links to Sonic Blue and the court-ordered spying? (As a wild but slim possibility, a clever shyster might even defend his piracy-accused client with a "necessity" defense.)
6. All in all, just another brick in the wall. We don't need no thoughts --Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-05-11 01:59:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: another reason to avoid airbus: surveillance 
Jamming the camera or overloading it is itself a tell.
Knowing the exact location and geometry of a camera lens makes it feasible to spoof the scene by placing a fixed image below the camera. Unless the camera has a zoom, which is unlikely, a simple affine transformation of a real "lap" is enough. Make it of a  lap covered with a blanket and then even the lack of movement will not be a tell.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-05-13 02:15:36
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: More weirdness from Choate Prime 
If I pay $100.00 in folding money for some item or $100 with a VISA card, that means I am _NOT_ paying the costs of a credit card system. If the merhant nets $100 from me if I pay in folding money or $97 if I pay with a VISA or Mastercard, that means he clearly is paying the costs.
I once bought a $25,000 Ford Explorer with my VISA card. It was the dealer, not me, who paid the CC cut.
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-05-12 22:50:28
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: More weirdness from Choate Prime 
An interesting situation in Choate Prime, the world that exists parallel (but out of kilter) to our  own.
However, here on Earth, non prime, the recipient of a credit card payment is the one who pays the 1-3% transaction charge. The payer pays I guess the weird physics, weird math, weird logic, and weird history of Choate Prime must have taken its toll.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-05-13 19:28:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Eyes on the Prize...not the Millicent Ghetto 
I don't see any plausible chance that the current credit card systems will get replaced by our kind of system.  Lots of reasons, which folks here have been writing about for years. The original efforts to deploy Diner's Club, Amercan Express, and BankAmericard systems are useful to study (for those of a Harvard Business School bent).
Is it hopeless?
No, just don't aim for the moon with hopes of replacing VISA and MasterCard with versions of Cypherpunks Club, Untraceable Express, and BankCyberspaceCard. It ain't gonna happen. (Some of us have been saying this for many years.)
This is closely related to the "millicent ghetto" problem I have talked about, where folks want untraceable digital cash to permeate all levels, especially for routine, day-to-day transactions. Draw this diagram:

@_date: 2002-05-14 16:34:25
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: trillions a day? 
Because GDP is a measure (flawed, of course) of _production_, not of money being shipped around.
(I'm assuming Hettinga was talking about overall money flows, not just payment for goods purchased, a narrower definition of "foreign To see this simply, imagine your own annual income of, say, $50,000. (No insinuations intended as to your wealth or lack of it.)
You could wire $20K to a bank, wire it again to another bank, wire it again....easy to have a total amount transferred that is many times your annual income. Economists talk about "velocity of money" and all, but this illustrates the point. The same money is being moved many times.
Transactions are not just "You grow corn. I pay you for corn. Here is I have no idea whether the $4 trillion figure for a day is correct, but it's plausible. Checking with Google, I find this:
"SWIFT is the industry-owned cooperative supplying secure messaging services and interface software to 7,000 financial institutions in 196 countries. SWIFT carried over 1.5 billion messages in 2001. The average daily value of payment messages on SWIFT is estimated to be above USD 6 So, this is how the daily money flow can be so large compared to the daily GDP.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2002-05-26 16:28:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
Well, "duh." As an analyst of high tech, Friedman is a pretty good analyst of the Arab-Israeli conflict. His conclusions about the views of Silicon Valley are facile and simplistic.
For example, in another place:
"The question `How can this technology be used against me?' is now a real R-and-D issue for companies, where in the past it wasn't really even being asked," said Jim Hornthal, a former vice chairman of Travelocity.com. "People here always thought the enemy was Microsoft, not Mohamed Atta.""
No, the reason companies deployed crypto was not because they feared Microsoft would read their mail, but because they feared hackers, terrorists, thieves would read their mail.
As for worrying about terrorism, many corporate headquarters have anti-truckbomb measures in place. In front of the Noyce Building in Santa Clara, Intel's high-rise  headquarters building, there are extensive barriers and other measures to prevent a truck bomb from being driven into the main lobby and detonated. These have been there for most of the past decade; security was not an afterthought resulting from 9/11.
Double duh. Incredible that Friedman was this naive.
"The street will always find uses for technology" has been the motto for a generation. Has Friedman not noticed online porn, cellphones used by gangbangers, and so on? Porn is what made the VCR a success.
How many years have we known about this _possibility_? I wrote about it online in 1990, Kevin Kelly quoted me at length about it in 1992 for some articles and for his eventual book, "Out of Control," and Romana Machado released "Stego" in 1993.
As to the actual _use_ by 9/11 hijackers, there is no evidence whatsoever that anything this sophisticated was necessary or was used.
We have been writing about "soft targets" for a long time. Schelling points for attacks.
And the scenario of crashing a loaded jetliner into a building was of course not unforeseen. Tom Clancy described a very detailed scenario for just such an act in his _1994_ (there's that seminal year again) novel "Debt of Honor." A Google search will turn up many discussions of this over the years. Here's my own description of the Sato Solution from a post made to this very list in 1997:
---begin quote---
"      To: cypherpunks
*	Subject: Re: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4)
*	From: tcmay (Tim May)
*	Date: Fri, 14 Nov 1997 10:52:32 -0700
*	In-Reply-To: <199711141755.SAA20812
*	Sender: owner-cypherpunks
lines of: "I fully expect to wake up some morning and hear that some
terrorist nuke has destroyed Washington, D.C. I can't say I'll be Big deal. Nothing Tom Clancy hasn't talked about in his novels. (And Clancy's delicious description of a Japanese 747 loaded with jet fuel crashed into the main hall of Congress during a joint session, with the
President and cabinet in attendance. It was clear that Clancy was relishing this vermin removal effort.
---end quote---
So, Clancy had this scenario worked out. Ramsy Yousif, one of the WTC bombers, was implicated in a plot in the mid-90s to hijack half a dozen jetliners and crash them simultaneously into Schelling point/high psychological value targets, including the Eiffel Tower, CIA headquarters, etc.
Does this mean I, for example, "knew" the WTC attack in 2001 would happen? Of course not.
Did I expect such an attack, in broad outlines, would happen? Of course.
It's the history of warfare. Burning down a city, lobbing dead animals over fortified walls, dynamiting bridges, putting an entire city to the sword, firebombing civilian cities...it's the nature of war.
We knew it.
Friedman should get up to speed. Maybe I'll forward him my _1988_ "Cryptoanarchist Manifesto." Then maybe he'll see that the "techies" (at least he didn't call us "nerds") have known what was coming, and looked forward to it!, for many years.
Guys like Friedman represent the New Enemy.
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-06-24 15:47:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching DRM 
Around that time. Someone (Markoff?) was reporting that Intel was devoting a few percent of its transistors in an upcoming CPU to op code encrypting. I remember pointing out that Intel had previously released, in the early 80s, a "KeyPROM," which was an EPROM with encryption so that the internal state could not easily be read. The ostensible market was for arcade game makers, who were heavy consumers of EPROMs at the time and who wanted ways to not have their games copied by competitors.  (The product flopped. Left as an exercise is to think about how pointless it is to try to make a tamper-proof chip, especially without any of the expensive countermeasures being possible. Anyone who can make the chip wiggle with a logic analyzer and o-scope could learn a lot. We used our Dynamic Fault Imager to image internal microcode states, thus bypassing the crypto junk.)
Back to the rumor. The supposed encrypted CPU has not yet appeared.
One theory, one that I find plausible, is that Intel got freaked out by the firestorm of derision and protest that met its attempt (around the same time) to introduce processor/user ID numbers which companies like Microsoft could use.
(As it turns out, there's enough readable state in a PC, with various configurations of memory, drives, etc., that Microsoft can do a crude registration system which makes it difficult for users to run a product on N different machines. The Intel ID system was anticipated to make this _much_ more robust than simply counting drives and slots and attempting to map to one such configuration...which has the headaches of requiring customers to re-register, if they are allowed to, when they swap out drives or move cards around.)
Anyway, a major reason Intel got freaked is that AMD, a competitor of course, announced with much publicity that they would NOT, repeat NOT, include the processor ID feature!
As an Intel shareholder of many years, I'm not happy that AMD is as strong a competitor as it is (which isn't very, to be honest). But in other obvious ways I am happy to see them out there, keeping Intel from implementing such schemes.
This is the key, no pun intended. Any single vendor, like Intel, who imposes such a scheme will face harsh criticism from the rabble like us. We will write essays, we will monkeywrench their boxes with "Big Brother Inside" stickers, we will laugh at their failures, we will be energized to find hacks to defeat them.
So any effort to put "DRM" into hardware will have to be a mandated, directed, antitrust-exempted procedure.
(Aside: And possibly unpatented. Rambus is now getting smacked around by the courts for participating in JEDEC memory chip standards committees without disclosing their patent interests. A standard _can_ involve patents, pace Firewire and USB, but the issues get complicated. Something to keep your eye on, as a wedge for attack.)
If one vendor doesn't put the DRM in, he has bragging rights a la AMD with Intel's processor ID scheme.
For a DRM scheme to have any hope of succeeding, it must happen with all vendors of VCRs or PCs or whatever.
And since companies are not allowed (in the U.S. and most statist countries) to meet secretly or even quasi-secretly to plan features, the DRM planning must be done either publically under a guise of "industry standards." Or exempted by the law, possibly a secret ruling (e.g., a letter from the AG exempting AMD, Intel, Nvidia, and VIA from antitrust laws for the purposes of implementing DRM).
In summary:

@_date: 2002-06-03 19:26:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Many apologies for multiple deliveries! 
Sorry about the multiple deliveries! My mailer reported that delivery had failed and would be tried again during a later check of mail. While waiting, I added a few comments here and there, as I didn't think the earlier versions had gone out.
Apparently my mailer lied to me.
--Tim May
"Aren't cats Libertarian? They just want to be left alone.
I think our dog is a Democrat, as he is always looking for a handout"  --Unknown Usenet Poster

@_date: 2002-06-01 22:52:49
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: BBC hijacks TiVo recorders 
If TiVO works the same basic way my UltimateTV (Sony/DirectTV) works, having "Bubba and Ram Dass," or whatever, always in my  list of recorded shows for a week would be a massive annoyance.
You said you worked for TiVo, as I recall. I suggest you point out to your corporate bosses the Law of Unintended Consequences. I foresee growing irritation, hacks to permanently interfere with TIVo's spam recordings, the "Bubba and Doss" show being unfavorably smeared by angry TiVO customers, and even a grass roots campaign to monkeywrench TiVO in By the way, so far my Ultimate TV hasn't tried any such Big Brother tricks on me. Though they may have their own corporate clowns looking for revenue enhancement.  Downloaded ads that play before every recorded show can be viewed. Schemes to disable fast-forwarding through --Tim May
"The whole of the Bill [of Rights] is a declaration of the right of the
people at large or considered as individuals... It establishes some
rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently, no
majority has a right to deprive them of." -- Albert Gallatin of the New York Historical Society, October 7, 1789

@_date: 2002-06-06 20:42:14
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Interesting the way terms like give hints about etymology and cognates.
Hood is to bonnet, in terms of clothing as well as cars, as trunk is to boot, as in booty.
(Booty being a black slang term for ass; no doubt related to "trunk" as body part, as in "swim trunks.")
The morphism between British English and American English gives rise to many interesting structures.
Someone said something earlier about tube/valve amps giving a boost to the high end, for older, hearing-damaged rockers. I don't think the frequency response has evern been an issue...tube amps are said to have a "warmer" sound, and to have more odd harmonic distortion than transistor amps, but the frequency response of _any_ transistor or tube amp is vastly beyond what even high-end speakers and headphones can typically deliver.
A modern solid state amp is essentially "flat" from 20 Hz to 20 KHz.
(I haven't tested my hearing in a while, with my Test CDs, but when I do I use my Stax electrostatics or my Etymotics instead of my Mirage speakers. Last I checked, my hearing was rolling off at around 16-17 --Tim May
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2002-06-06 06:29:01
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
I disagree, politely, with nearly every point you make.
DVDs are taking off faster than I have ever seen a product take off, and I've seen quite a few.
They are vastly  better than VHS, in picture quality, and are mechanically superior to VHS in nearly every way. (No broken/stretched tapes, no complicated read heads and capstans to get knocked out of whack, scratched, etc.)
(I also have Hi-8, but would never think of archiving _anything_ to it. Flimsy heads/capstans in spades. Ditto for DV, which I also have. It's resolution is the best of all, but it's convenience and robustness are I started looking at laser disks in 1979, but never bought one. The disks were too large and unwieldy to be a competitive format.
VHS will of course be around, in the same way that LPs are still around, and even in the way that 78s can still be played with the right equipment. But the morphism from LP --> CD is being outpaced by the VHS --> DVD morphism.
There's a good reason why DVDs are doing so well.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-06-06 01:48:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Yes, They did. They decided that They would press no more vinyl and that They would Others to conform to Their wishes.
Sadly, not all persons have conformed to Their orders. Vinyl pressings are still being made! The Horror.
(BTW, who the fuck is "They"?)
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-06-06 01:45:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
I only bought one (1) VHS tape, ever (*). That was "Pulp Fiction." So far, I don't have it on DVD.
(* I am only counting popular movie versions on VHS. I do have such VHS tapes as "Tactical Shotgun," "Street Smarts," and "FN-FAL Armorer's Guide," as these are specialty items.)
However, I have vast numbers of tapes (several hundred, since my first VCR in 1979) made of things from my cable and more recently my satellite systems. And the Supreme Court decision, Disney v. Sony, makes these tapes perfectly legal. Moreover, the Home Recording Act of the early 90s explicitly collected a tax on blank tapes in "exchange" for making my collection of around 800 CDs on DAT and CD-R fully legal. (A friend of mine has more than 6000 CDs recorded onto DAT and CD-R, all perfectly legal under HRA.
Knowing how lawyerscum argue, there are probably those claiming that the HRA was superceded by the Millennium Copyright  New World Order Enablement Act, but that is absurd. The tax was collected on the blank tapes and CD-R blanks. If they wish to send me a check for all of these taxes collected, trusting only my word (as no records were required to be kept), AND if they wish to compensate me for the labors I made to comply with their laws that are now INOPERATIVE, blah blah blah.
(An obvious absurdity, I understand. My point is that Congress cannot simply monkey around with laws when past laws made certain things fully legal. This would be an example of an "ex post facto law," something explicity, and rightly, banned by the Constitution.)
BTW, I use my Ultimate TV to collect many hours of raw signal, some of which I make my own tapes with. These play well on every VCR I've tried. For example, I made a nice tape of two of my favorite "Outer Limits" episodes: "Demon with a Glass Hand" and "Soldier," both written by Harlan Ellison. No sign of any "Macrovision" junk, and now I have a perfect tape costing me $1.39 in tape costs for what "Blockbuster" wants at least $20 for, when it even has the old "Outer Limits" episodes.
(The quality is quite good. I recorded this at standard VHS, fast speed setting. My VCRs are S-VHS, but I used VHS so I can play it on the VCRs belonging to friends.)
I don't have any plan to replace my large library of taped programs and movies with DVD versions.
They taxed me on the tapes, so fuck them on any idea that they can now make my taping illegal.
--Tim May
""Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined." --Patrick Henry

@_date: 2002-06-03 18:53:47
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
My strong hunch is that there is essentially no chance of this happening. For a mix of reasons which I'll just briefly list:
Item: The mess with HDTV, which is of course the same issue, is continuing to get messier. Very few stations are broadcasting HDTV, even fewer customers (proportionately) are buying HDTV sets (*)
(* Many of the big screen sets today are "HDTV-ready," but customers typically don't bother to set up the HDTV part, according to the local Circuit City salesdroids I've talked to. Typically the customers have a large collection of DVDs and are happy to use NTSC, albeit with the increased scan resolution available with stuff like "3:2 pulldown." Note: I have a Sony DVD-NS700P player which offers this "3:2 pulldown," but my 35-inch monitor is only NTSC-capable. Still, the resolution is enough at the distances I view from, and my library of DVDs ensures that I will be playing DVDs for years, even decades, to come. The next item explores this point.)
Item: DVDs are the hottest thing out there. Customers around the world are buying them in stupendous numbers. They will be playing them on NTSC (or PAL and SECAM) televisions for decades to come. They will reject notions that they need to buy "all digital sets" which aren't backward (Had HDTV arrived earlier--and the first HDTV set I saw was in 1988-89, a large Sony monitor--and had DVDs been "HDTV-DVDs--then maybe, just maybe, the resolution might have been enough to cause the current DVD revolution to be a revolution for HDTV. But it didn't, and they didn't. And now the huge volume of DVDs pretty much means the current technology will be solidly entrenched for a decade to come.)
Item: Most people simply don't care about getting a thousand lines of picture resolution. Just as they don't really care about audio quality, as shown by the popularity of heavily compressed MP3 and ear bud headsets. (Not all ear buds are bad. I use a pair of Etymotics which are better than my Grados and almost as good as my Stax electrostatics. And when I digitize my CDs for my iPod, I use the 256K samples per second MP3 setting.)
item: Not only was the first generation of HDTV (like the Sony mentioned above) obsoleted by the "actual, final, we really mean it this time!" version of HDTV, but I just heard that the proposed MPAA/FCC/Cabal standards will obsolete the _current_ generation of HDTV. So those relatively small number of consumers who bought expensive HDTV receivers and monitors will be told "Oops." Will they buy yet another HDTV set-up? As the saying goes, " I don't _think_ so."
Item: Friends of mine have systems which reflect a more realistic, and even anarchic (yay!), way that ultra high resolution will enter households. First, they have several hundred laser discs, the old kind, which they want to play. Second, they have about as many DVDs, skewed toward recent releases, natch. Third, they have a 15-foot projection screen, motorized, with a commercial-grade Sony 3-lens projector capable of delivering, if I recall the specs correctly, about 1600 x 1280 at the screen. Maybe even more. (What I know is that projecting at this resolution on a screen this large is really great for computer demos!) They drive this system with an ATI Radeon 8500, the one with the video in/out extra stuff. Into this go there various laser disc and DVD players, or, I assume, directly from the DVDs in the computer they have the 8500 mounted in. (This 8500 card costs about $350, perhaps less by now, and has massive amounts of processing.) They played some DVDs on this system and the results were awesome: not  a single visible scan line, even up close in front of this 15-foot screen. The biggest problem is of course brightness. Just no way to get high brightness over such a large surface without extraordinarily large amounts of projector power and the concomitant heat and bulb replacement costs. Viewing is best done in a completely dark room. Which is why I expect to stick with my 35-inch standard tube for a while.
Item: Their system, my system, and tens of millions like them, are already giving so many "degrees of freedom" that the cat is already out of the bag. An attempt to make future DVDs incompatible with the tens of millions of existing systems will be met with anger, boycotts, and seeking of alternatives (e.g., a studio which continues to sell DVDs will win out over ones which offer only newer and incompatible versions). Throw in the pissed-off folks who bought HDTV systems in 1997-2003 and are then told that they'll have to scrap even those Item: An entire generation of viewers is now used to watching DVDs on their computers. In dorm rooms, in bedrooms, even at work...people throw in a DVD and watch on the same screen they play games on, use for surfing the Net, etc. This won't change. This is of course just the "convergence" talked about by many. And the newer and larger LCD monitors, such as Apple's gorgeous 23-inch displays, will make watching on computer screens even more desirable. And there will be vast numbers of these systems out there.
Item: The key issue: DVDs becoming the videotape of this generation. And there is no clamoring for more resolution. (In fact, few sources can "justify" more resolution. Double in fact, many human actors and actresses simply are not pleasant to look at at incredibly high I give the chance that Jack Valenti and his bunch will be able to force a conversion to a new video standard no chance of happening. Manufacturers will back off if they see sales trending downward (for the reasons cited above).
Which is deterring huge numbers of people from even looking at HDTV. And so they buy more DVDs, which are vastly better than the VHS tapes they've been watching for years. Most of them apparently see little compelling reason to upgrade to HDTV.
Actually, I disagree. There are many examples--MP3s, Napster, the system my friends have that I described, etc.--where the "street" does its own thing regardless of what the entertainment industry and Jack Valenti Final personal note: About a year ago I saw the absolutely gorgeous, splendiferous Apple 22-inch "Cinema Display." A huge TFT flat monitor, with a resolution of 1600 x 1024. And they've now added a slightly larger version with an ever higher resolution (1920 x 1200). I see myself getting one of these--or the 30-inch version which will probably be available for the same price in 2 years--and rigging it as my main high-res viewing system. (Yeah, these systems are not so great for families and for viewing parties, but, let's face it, when was the last time this kind of viewing happened to you? Most of my own viewing, and that of nearly everyone I know, is personal.)
The degrees of freedom will win out over the control freaks.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-06-03 18:38:17
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
My strong hunch is that there is essentially no chance of this happening. For a mix of reasons which I'll just briefly list:
Item: The mess with HDTV, which is of course the same issue, is continuing to get messier. Very few stations are broadcasting HDTV, even fewer customers (proportionately) are buying HDTV sets (*)
(* Many of the big screen sets today are "HDTV-ready," but customers typically don't bother to set up the HDTV part, according to the local Circuit City salesdroids I've talked to. Typically the customers have a large collection of DVDs and are happy to use NTSC, albeit with the increased scan resolution available with stuff like "3:2 pulldown." Note: I have a Sony DVD-NS700P player which offers this "3:2 pulldown," but my 35-inch monitor is only NTSC-capable. Still, the resolution is enough at the distances I view from, and my library of DVDs ensures that I will be playing DVDs for years, even decades, to come. The next item explores this point.)
Item: DVDs are the hottest thing out there. Customers around the world are buying them in stupendous numbers. They will be playing them on NTSC (or PAL and SECAM) televisions for decades to come. They will reject notions that they need to buy "all digital sets" which aren't backward (Had HDTV arrived earlier--and the first HDTV set I saw was in 1988-89, a large Sony monitor--and had DVDs been "HDTV-DVDs--then maybe, just maybe, the resolution might have been enough to cause the current DVD revolution to be a revolution for HDTV. But it didn't, and they didn't. And now the huge volume of DVDs pretty much means the current technology will be solidly entrenched for a decade to come.)
Item: Most people simply don't care about getting a thousand lines of picture resolution. Just as they don't really care about audio quality, as shown by the popularity of heavily compressed MP3 and ear bud headsets. (Not all ear buds are bad. I use a pair of Etymotics which are better than my Grados and almost as good as my Stax electrostatics. And when I digitize my CDs for my iPod, I use the 256K samples per second MP3 setting.)
item: Not only was the first generation of HDTV (like the Sony mentioned above) obsoleted by the "actual, final, we really mean it this time!" version of HDTV, but I just heard that the proposed MPAA/FCC/Cabal standards will obsolete the _current_ generation of HDTV. So those relatively small number of consumers who bought expensive HDTV receivers and monitors will be told "Oops." Will they buy yet another HDTV set-up? As the saying goes, " I don't _think_ so."
Item: Friends of mine have systems which reflect a more realistic, and even anarchic (yay!), way that ultra high resolution will enter households. First, they have several hundred laser discs, the old kind, which they want to play. Second, they have about as many DVDs, skewed toward recent releases, natch. Third, they have a 15-foot projection screen, motorized, with a commercial-grade Sony 3-lens projector capable of delivering, if I recall the specs correctly, about 1600 x 1280 at the screen. Maybe even more. (What I know is that projecting at this resolution on a screen this large is really great for computer demos!) They drive this system with an ATI Radeon 8500, the one with the video in/out extra stuff. Into this go there various laser disc and DVD players, or, I assume, directly from the DVDs in the computer they have the 8500 mounted in. (This 8500 card costs about $350, perhaps less by now, and has massive amounts of processing.) They played some DVDs on this system and the results were awesome: not  a single visible scan line, even up close in front of this 15-foot screen. The biggest problem is of course brightness. Just no way to get high brightness over such a large surface without extraordinarily large amounts of projector power and the concomitant heat and bulb replacement costs. Viewing is best done in a completely dark room. Which is why I expect to stick with my 35-inch standard tube for a while.
Item: Their system, my system, and tens of millions like them, are already giving so many "degrees of freedom" that the cat is already out of the bag. An attempt to make future DVDs incompatible with the tens of millions of existing systems will be met with anger, boycotts, and seeking of alternatives (e.g., a studio which continues to sell DVDs will win out over ones which offer only newer and incompatible versions). Throw in the pissed-off folks who bought HDTV systems in 1997-2003 and are then told that they'll have to scrap even those Item: An entire generation of viewers is now used to watching DVDs on their computers. In dorm rooms, in bedrooms, even at work...people throw in a DVD and watch on the same screen they play games on, use for surfing the Net, etc. This won't change. This is of course just the "convergence" talked about by many. And the newer and larger LCD monitors, such as Apple's gorgeous 23-inch displays, will make watching on computer screens even more desirable. And there will be vast numbers of these systems out there.
Item: The key issue: DVDs becoming the videotape of this generation. And there is no clamoring for more resolution. (In fact, few sources can "justify" more resolution. Double in fact, many human actors and actresses simply are not pleasant to look at at incredibly high I give the chance that Jack Valenti and his bunch will be able to force a conversion to a new video standard no chance of happening. Manufacturers will back off if they see sales trending downward (for the reasons cited above).
Which is deterring huge numbers of people from even looking at HDTV. And so they buy more DVDs, which are vastly better than the VHS tapes they've been watching for years. Most of them apparently see little compelling reason to upgrade to HDTV.
Actually, I disagree. There are many examples--MP3s, Napster, the system my friends have that I described, etc.--where the "street" does its own thing regardless of what the entertainment industry and Jack Valenti Final personal note: About a year ago I saw the absolutely gorgeous, splendiferous Apple 22-inch "Cinema Display." A huge TFT flat monitor, with a resolution of about 1600 x 1200. And they've now added a slightly larger version with an ever higher resolution. I see myself getting one of these, or the 30-inch version which will probably be available for the same price in 2 years--and rigging it as my main high-res viewing system. (Yeah, these systems are not so great for families and for viewing parties, but, let's face it, when was the last time this kind of viewing happened to you? Most of my own viewing, and that of nearly everyone I know, is personal.)
The degrees of freedom will win out over the control freaks.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-06-03 18:25:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
My strong hunch is that there is essentially no chance of this happening. For a mix of reasons which I'll just briefly list:
Item: The mess with HDTV, which is of course the same issue, is continuing to get messier. Very few stations are broadcasting HDTV, even fewer (proportionately) are buying HDTV sets (*)
(* Many of the big screen sets today are "HDTV-ready," but customers typically don't bother to set up the HDTV part, according to my local Circuit City salesdroids I've talked to. Typically the customers have a large collection of DVDs and are happy to use NTSC, albeit with the increased scan resolution available with stuff like "3:2 pulldown." Note: I have a Sony DVD-NS700P player which offers this "3:2 pulldown," but my 35-inch monitor is only NTSC-capable. Still, the resolution is enough at the distances I view from, and my library of DVDs ensures that I will be playing DVDs for years, even decades, to come. The next item explores this point.)
Item: DVDs are the hottest thing out there. Customers around the world are buying them in stupendous numbers. They will be playing them on NTSC (or PAL and SECAM) televisions for decades to come. They will reject notions that they need to buy "all digital sets" which aren't backward (Had HDTV arrived earlier--and the first HDTV set I saw was in 1988-89, a large Sony monitor--and had DVDs been "HDTV-DVDs--then maybe, just maybe, the resolution might have been enough to cause the current DVD revolution to be a revolution for HDTV. But it didn't, and they didn't. And now the huge volume of DVDs pretty much means the current technology will be solidly entrenched for a decade to come.)
Item: Most people simply don't care about getting a thousand lines of picture resolution. Just as they don't really care about audio quality, as shown by the popularity of heavily compressed MP3 and ear bud headsets. (Not all ear buds are bad. I use a pair of Etymotics which are better than my Grados and almost as good as my Stax electrostatics. And when I digitize my CDs for my iPod, I use the 256K samples per second MP3 setting.)
item: Not only was the first generation of HDTV (like the Sony mentioned above) obsoleted by the "actual, final, we really mean it this time!" version of HDTV, but I just heard that the proposed MPAA/FCC/Cabal standards will obsolete the _current_ generation of HDTV. So those relatively small number of consumers who bought expensive HDTV receivers and monitors will be told "Oops." Will they buy yet another HDTV set-up? As the saying goes, " I don't _think_ so."
Item: Friends of mine have systems which reflect a more realistic, and even anarchic (yay!), way that ultra high resolution will enter households. First, they have several hundred laser discs, the old kind, which they want to play. Second, they have about as many DVDs, skewed toward recent releases, natch. Third, they have a 15-foot projection screen, motorized, with a commercial-grade Sony 3-lens projector capable of delivering, if I recall the specs correctly, about 1600 x 1280 at the screen. Maybe even more. (What I know is that projecting at this resolution on a screen this large is really great for computer demos!) They drive this system with an ATI Radeon 8500, the one with the video in/out extra stuff. Into this go there various laser disc and DVD players, or, I assume, directly from the DVDs in the computer they have the 8500 mounted in. (This 8500 card costs about $350, perhaps less by now, and has massive amounts of processing.) They played some DVDs on this system and the results were awesome: not  a single visible scan line, even up close in front of this 15-foot screen. The biggest problem is of course brightness. Just no way to get high brightness over such a large surface without extraordinarily large amounts of projector power and the concomitant heat and bulb replacement costs. Viewing is best done in a completely dark room. Which is why I expect to stick with my 35-inch standard tube for a while.
Item: Their system, my system, and tens of millions like them, are already giving so many "degrees of freedom" that the cat is already out of the bag. An attempt to make future DVDs incompatible with the tens of millions of existing systems will be met with anger, boycotts, and seeking of alternatives (e.g., a studio which continues to sell DVDs will win out over ones which offer only newer and incompatible versions). Throw in the pissed-off folks who bought HDTV systems in 1997-2003 and are then told that they'll have to scrap even those Item: An entire generation of viewers is now used to watching DVDs on their computers. In dorm rooms, in bedrooms, even at work...people throw in a DVD and watch on the same screen they play games on, use for surfing the Net, etc. This won't change. This is of course just the "convergence" talked about by many. And the newer and larger LCD monitors, such as Apple's gorgeous 23-inch displays, will make watching on computer screens even more desirable. And there will be vast numbers of these systems out there.
Item: The key issue: DVDs becoming the videotape of this generation. And there is no clamoring for more resolution. (In fact, few sources can "justify" more resolution. Double in fact, many human actors and actresses simply are not pleasant to look at at incredibly high I give the chance that Jack Valenti and his bunch will be able to force a conversion to a new video standard no chance of happening. Manufacturers will back off if they see sales trending downward (for the reasons cited above).
Which is deterring huge numbers of people from even looking at HDTV. And so they buy more DVDs, which are vastly better than the VHS tapes they've been watching for years.
Actually, I disagree. There are many examples--MP3s, Napster, the system my friends have that I described, etc.--where the "street" does its own thing regardless of what the entertainment industry and Jack Valenti Final personal note: About a year ago I saw the absolutely gorgeous, splendiferous Apple 22-inch "Cinema Display." A huge TFT flat monitor, with a resolution of about 1600 x 1200. And they've now added a slightly larger version with an ever higher resolution. I see myself getting one of these and rigging it as my main high-res viewing system. (Yeah, these systems are not so great for families and for viewing parties, but, let's face it, when was the last time this kind of viewing happened to you? Most of my own viewing, and that of nearly everyone I know, is The degrees of freedom will win out over the control freaks.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-06-12 17:11:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
No, it does not.
As usual, "Anonymous" is careless in his claims.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-06-11 04:36:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
Anyone here who has not already done so should immediately type "xxx.lanl.gov" into their browser. (No, the "xxx" is not a typo, nor is it a porn site.)
This is where physics papers are getting published. The print journals are surviving, barely, but I think the handwriting is already on the wall. As libraries balk at paying $6000 per year for "Journal of Advanced Aptical Foddering" and as the referee system goes online as well (*), the print journals will financially fail. Maybe no one will As John Baez has pointed out, most of the grad students he deals with never visit the campus library. All papers of interest in cosmology, quantum physics, solid state, etc. are being published on the arXhive sites. In the last few months, I've been using this system extensively, and have downloaded about 2500 pages of PDF files. I know how many pages because I've printed out most of the papers. Five reams of paper later.... For why my printing out the papers does not vitiate my arguments about the death of tree-based publishing, think about it for a (* The referee system could be more richly nuanced with an online rating system. At the simplest, a vote of N referees, as today. But some papers could be marked "speculative, but not bullshit" (or somesuch). In other words, a two-dimensional rating system, or higher. And, as all Cypherpunks know, the longer-term future is "anyone can publish, but expect users to have sophisticated agents filtering the junk." For the next decade or so, I expect the xxx.lanl.gov approach will be sufficiently better than paper publishing that it will dominate. Then will come the more advanced approaches. But tree-based publishing is For those concerned with the "sanctity and durability of paper," all sorts of obvious solutions exist. CD-ROMS, DVDs, archival-quality tape and discs, distributed publishing a la Eternity (and my own 1995 proposal), digital time-stamping, etc.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2002-06-12 17:15:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: What's with all the spam?... 
I like the LNE node, but a lot of junk still seems to get through. If Eric is only passing through the posts of subscribers, does this mean this person "houshen2 " is a list subscriber?
--begin spam example--
    C0CA
    NR9+K>1>WEN*9zDZVPP!FsR5<08vHKLa9)PT<[1HWnSE5D2zF7
  1!"200M + V'3VASP + KMR;9zV + V'3VASP + KMR;9z  AK=bOjGi P;P;!
                                       OCCEJPS/M(T6:=5gWS?F<

@_date: 2002-07-16 18:02:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Which universe are we in? (tossing tennis balls into 
I disagree. Bell's Inequality is not dependent on QM...it's a mathematical statement about the outcomes of measurements where stochastic processes play a role. The fact that QM is strongly believed to involve stochastic processes is why Bell's inequality shows up prominently in QM. However, we cannot then use B.I. to prove things about QM.
A more persuasive proof of why hidden variables are not viable in QM is the work done on extending some theorems about Hilbert spaces. Namely, Gleason's theorem from the mid-50s, later extended by Kochen and Specker in the 1960s. The Kochen-Specker Theorem is accepted as the "no go" proof that hidden variables is not viable.
Until K-S and related proofs, Bohm's internal states model (hidden variables) was not considered to be ruled out.
I recommend a recent book, "Interpreting the Quantum World," by Jeffrey Bub, 1997. He summarizes the various interpretations of quantum reality and explains the K-S theorem reasonably well. The Asher Peres book on QM is also good.
But, as I said, I accidentally beamed the message into this world. Those interested in discussing quantum reality and things like that should look into lists oriented in this direction. I don't think most list members here have the interest or the background, so discussions would be swamped by failures to communicate, abuses of language, and tangent --Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police state

@_date: 2002-07-06 00:55:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "First, get it built into all CPU chips...only _then_ make it 
As my title suggests, the strategy is clearly ""First, get it built into all chips...only _then_ make it mandatory."
Getting TCPA/DRM enforcement circuitry built in to all major CPUs, network appliances, and entertainment systems is the first stage. Obviously they'll talk about it all being voluntary, user-selectable, Then, perhaps after some major war or terror incident or other trigger, major OSes will require the TCPA/DRM features to be running at all times. Sure, maybe some little Perl or Java program Joe Sixpack writes won't need it, but anything not on the margins will require it.
This is for newer OS versions from Trustworthy Players, not for older OSes and older machines. Personally, I expect a lot of people may have several machines: the newest entertainment boxes which run TCPA/DRM, moderately recent business-type machines which may or may not run it, and older machines, which won't.
I know someone (Peter Trei, I think) was saying that the three-generations-hence 30 GHz processor running streaming holograms will certainly have TCPA running and no one will want to use their ancient 5 GHz Pentium 6 machines, but I disagree. I've been running my 400 MHz G4-based Mac happily for almost three years. It keeps up with everything I can plausibly expect it to do with the current generation of apps: edit DV movies from my camcorder, run Microsoft Office and Mathematica and all the rest at very good speeds, display excellent graphics on my LCD screen, and so on. I could upgrade even today to a dual 1 GHz G4 tower (2 GHz of G4 being probably about the equivalent of a 3 Ghz Pentium 4, based on most benchmarks) and be good for several more years. (Though I expect I'll upgrade to
Plus, the trend to have more and more transistors devoted to graphics is a critical one: Most compute-intensive tasks will be graphics, running on a graphics subsystem. It seems likely that the user of 5-8 years from now will have several levels of CPUs: some running security and network access programs, some running other appliances and systems, and some running at the highest speeds and numbers of transistors, for graphics. Such heterogeneous systems make TCPA tough to mandate.
(Like a lot of us, I'm sure, I run several generations of machines. The more recent the generation, and hence the lower the noise level and the more user-friendly, the longer I am likely to keep them running. No way will I junk all these great machines just because TCPA isn't running on them. And, by the way, this applies in _spades_ to the millions of DVD players, Xboxes with DVDs, PlayStations with DVDs, laptops with DVDs, and computers with DVDs. This huge base of DVDs being sold, this huge base of systems able to play these DVDs, and the lack of real interest in HDTV points to a much longer lifetime for DVDs than some would have hoped. I see virtually zero interest in HDTV, qua HDTV. What I do see are more people using line doublers and Radeon 8500XP-type systems to boost the resolutions of already-good-enough DVDs to get rid of any trace of pixellation or lines. Your mileage may vary, but this is what I see. And out across America, I see virtually nil interest in whatever is supposed to be coming after DVD.)
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2002-07-02 04:35:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
Then say it. I'm not stopping you.
I explained why _I've_ already said it several dozen times, not why you or others shouldn't.
(Helpful advice: Realize that those to whom it needs to be said won't be listening to you and that those who are listening don't need to hear it for the fifth time. And realize that crossposters from Perrypunks are not interested.)
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2002-07-01 22:06:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
I'm right here. But you have missed something very important: "Bear" did not write that article for the _Cypherpunks_ list. It was one of many articles cross-posted between the _Cryptography_ list and the _Cypherpunks_ list and even some of Hettinga's many lists.
Here are the headers:
, "'cypherpunks '" Bear left the Cypherpunks list a long while ago, citing fundamental "Cryptography" was formed as a putatively apolitical list. Apparently this is no longer so, and its politics are at odds with the main themes on our list. (I believe this partly comes about precisely _because_ it supposedly has no political compass heading.)
I have strong views on all this DRM and TCPA stuff, and especially on the claim that some form of DRM is needed to prevent government from taking over control of the "arts."
But we said everything that needed to be said _years_ ago. No point in repeating the same points.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2002-07-02 04:31:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
I didn't say my views on Palladium and TCPA/DRM are already contained in an 8-9-year-old document, only that the ground is well-trod. Especially the ground involving voluntary vs. mandatory, Brin's ideas, and the "policeman inside" notion that if we don't install DRM Big Brother will have to do it for us.
I don't try to discourage others, but I have better things to do with my time than to argue futilely with statists who are not even reading my stuff! (Many of them are cross-posting in from Perrypunks, so my replies are unseen by them.)
Probably _not_, for the very reason Palladium will fail: a plethora of extant systems which people will not scrap just so they can watch "The Fast and the Furious."
Anyone who believes this, or even repeats it as a rumor, is on drugs.
I have half a dozen computers, all usable in various ways. Not even in a Chinese-type police state could these legally-acquired computers, acquired for a lot of money, be declared "outlawed."
Not even counting your computers, and my computers, and 500 million computers already out in the U.S. alone, there are the designs of processors like Pentium 4, Athlon, McKinley, Thoroughbred, Duron, etc., _none_ of which are of this Valenti-friendly TCPA form. None of the hundreds of millions of systems now being prepared for sale are of this form. Saying that general purpose computers lacking TCPA/DRM will be "outlawed" is silly.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2002-07-04 23:42:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
A different issue. I have no idea if the current premiums are too low, too high, or about right. My point was to cite the ready availability of St. Gaudens (and also the less artistic Liberty) gold pieces in the 1960s, and presumably earlier, as strong evidence that such coins did not have to be smuggled away to Europe or hidden. They were, all indications point out, exempted by the numismatic exemption.
Yeah, so? That's precisely why owning such coins is a numismatic issue.
Sounds like you shouldn't do it, then. Which would be wise on your part, in my opinion.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/ML/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns
Recent interests: category theory, toposes, algebraic topology

@_date: 2002-07-03 17:20:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
But St. Gaudens coins were readily available during the time when gold ownership was banned.
(Let me be overly careful: They were purchasable from coin stores and mail order places in the mid-1960s. I know because I used to see them listed at a price I clearly remember: $49.50.)
I assume they did not just suddenly become available at the time I happened to be paying attention, and that they were purchasable in 1960, 1950, 1940, etc. The exemption for numismatic value, of course.
Owning coins for collector, or numismatic, value, is of course a different kettle of fish than owning gold as bullion.
--Tim May
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-07-04 19:01:07
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Protection of Ideas 
Ideas are not generally protected in any major society.
(Certain _expressions_ of ideas are protected in specialized ways through the copyright and patent systems, which vary from society to society. But not general ideas.)
People generate ideas. Ideas are usually much more important than specific copyrighted items or even specific patented items are. When someone writes a book, with lines of reasoning, new ideas, summaries of old ideas, those ideas are not protected intellectual property.
Likewise, fashion and architecture and styles in general are not protected. (Attempts have been made, especially with the "look and feel" nonsense, but generally anyone is free to copy the "idea" of a miniskirt, or red tennis shoes, or skyscrapers.
Could ideas even plausibly be protected? The Galombosians, a fringe subset of libertarians, argue that ideas are protectable in this way. "You were influenced by my paper on crypto anarchy, so you owe me $25."
Ideas are even better examples of public goods. A good idea benefits many people, few or none of whom ever pay for the idea. Good ideas are in fact more important than nearly anything else. This has nothing to do with whether they should (or can) be protected as intellectual property...or subsidized by government, as I'll get to later.
Apply this reasoning to the general world of ideas and arguments.
Or, more prosaically, to mathematical proofs. Should we start charging for mathematical proofs? Should someone planning to use a chain of proofs pay a fee for the various lemmas and theorems he cites or uses?
No it isn't. People paint paintings even when the vast bulk of them never sell anything. (Even well-known painters like Paul Gaugain never made more than a few francs from his paintings...his fame came after his death. Examples like this abound.)
Most actors don't make enough money to qualify for their union. Most writers never sell _anything_.
Some of these works are used by others, inspire others, even are later sold by others.
Altruism? Have I written upwards of 20,000 articles on this list and others. At least some of them were and are useful for other people. And yet was I paid?  Was I generating a public good? Should I have demanded that government finance my generation of these public goods?
About 20 years ago the American program "60 Minutes" did a nice piece on how the Dutch government, using reasoning identical to yours,  was paying artists a stipend for their artistic output. Warehouses and warehouses were being filled with the crud generated by these subsidized So? Not my problem.
After all, most would-be writers and actors can't make enough money on their ideas and artistic expression to live on without also working as waiters and waitresses and driving trucks.
And to fill warehouses with CDs no one wants, with paintings no one wants, with stages where actors perform plays for each other because the public won't voluntarily pay, and with software programs which the market didn't want.
I have no problem with Microsoft or Apple or Autodesk attempting to protect their IP by requiring that I buy a dongle from them to attach to my computer, or that I provide a palmprint or retinal scan before their programs run. If they can do it, and get customers to go along, hey, it's a free country! People who are willing to mess with the dongles, or attach a palm scanner, or jump through whatever hoops the vendor is asking for will be doing so voluntarily. Those who won't, won't. Sounds fair to me.
(In fact, dongles have been tried. And may be tried again, as USB and FireWire make use of such dongles less awkward. It's a free country, so Digital Datawhack is free to do as they wish along these lines.)
However, it is NOT a function of a legitimate minimal government to *require* that I buy a computer with certain features.
To the extent the Hollywood-led push to adopt some form of DRM is very likely to also be a government _requirement_ for DRM, we should fight it. From what I have seen, the interests of Hollywood, Redmond, Washington, Beijing, and Moscow in DRM are coterminous.
--Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2002-07-05 02:27:15
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Need voluntary/optional TCPA/Palladium quote 
And even if such a quote is found, such a promise will not be legally We should be very worried about the news that Intel and AMD are already signing up to include some form of DRM or BBI (Big Brother Inside) "rights enforcement" circuitry in future chips. (If MS provided the specs separately to Intel and AMD, and perhaps other vendors of CPUs, then perhaps no violations of the antitrust laws occurred. If, however, Intel and AMD got together and came to an agreement on what BBI circuitry to include, this almost certainly would violate the Sherman, Clayton, etc. Acts. While I am not a fan of antitrust laws, we may want to use them to stop spyware from being included in CPUs.)
Some have argued that such circuitry is harmless so long as it is I disagree. It's a dangerous as builders includng video cameras in homes with the proviso that the video signal would only be used to enforce agreed-upon uses of products...or with a court order from the government.
Though this is only speculation at this point (few of us, least of all me, have the inside track on what Microsoft, Intel, and AMD are plotting, or what the discussions with Congress, the NSA, HomeSec, and the FBI have covered), I think building in Big Brother is dangerous no matter what "promises" or "assurances" have been given.
"The cyanide release mechanisms adopted voluntarily by the National Homebuilding Association and the Zoning Approval Boards represent no threat to law-abiding Americans. Release of cyanide requires a valid court order signed by at least a GS-9 employee."
Last time Intel tried to activate its CPU BBI circuitry, AMD very publicly said "We won't do it!" and Intel backed down. From what is dribbling out of Redmond and D.C. this time around, it looks like AMD has been convinced (by who?) to include DRM/BBI spyware in future CPUs.
These vendors have _probably_ (I am speculating) received assurance that spyware will be _mandated_, to head off exactly the kind of egg-on-its-face problem Intel experienced. In game theory terms, none of the vendors look forward to having a competitor "defect" and then tout their "we won't spy on your computer" CPU. They must all hang together, or hang separately.
I expect it will be "voluntary mandatory."
(I remain skeptical about stopping piracy, for other reasons.)
--Tim May (Mandatory Voluntary Internet Self-Rating Follows)
V-CHIP CONTENT WARNING: THIS POST IS RATED: R, V, NPC, RI, S, I13.
[For processing by the required-by-1998 V-chips, those reading this post
from an archive must set their V-chip to "42-0666." I will not be held
responsible for posts incorrectly filtered-out by a V-chip that has been
by-passed, hot-chipped, or incorrectly programmed.]
***WARNING!*** It has become necessary to warn potential readers of my
messages before they proceed further. This warning may not fully protect against criminal or civil proceedings, but it may be treated as a attempt to obey the various and increasing numbers of laws.
* Under the ***TELECOM ACT OF 1996***, minor CHILDREN (under the age of may not read or handle this message under any circumstances. If you are
under 18, delete this message NOW. Also, if you are developmentally
disabled, irony-impaired, emotionally traumatized, schizophrenic, PMS, affected by Humor Deprivation Syndrom (HDS), or under the care of a
doctor, then the TELECOM ACT OF 1996 may apply to you as well, even if are 18. If you fall into one of these categories and are not considered
competent to judge for yourself what you are reading, DELETE this message
* Under the UTAH PROTECTION OF CHILDREN ACT OF 1996, those under the age 21 may not read this post. All residents of Utah, and Mormons elsewhere,
must install the M-Chip.
* Under the PROTECTION OF THE REICH laws, residents of Germany may not this post.
* Under the MERCIFUL SHIELD OF ALLAH (Praise be to Him!) holy
interpretations of the Koran of the following countries (but not limited this list) you may not read this post if you are a FEMALE OF ANY AGE: Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Egypt, Jordan,
Sudan, Libya, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Algeria, Lebanon, Morocco, Tunisia,
Yemen, Oman, Syria, Bahrain, and the Palestinian Authority. Non-female
persons may also be barred from reading this post, depending on the
settings of your I-Chip.
* Under the proposed CHINESE INTERNET laws, covering The People's of China, Formosa, Hong Kong, Macao, Malaysia, and parts of several
surrrounding territories, the rules are so nebulous and unspecified that I
cannot say whether you are allowed to read this. Thus, you must SUBMIT post you wish to read to your local authorities for further filtering.
* In Singapore, merely be RECEIVING this post you have violated the will Lee Kwan Yu. Report to your local police office to receive your caning.
* Finally, if you are barrred from contact with the Internet, or by court order from being disturbed by thoughts which may disturb you, or
covered by protective orders, it is up to you to adjust the settings of
your V-Chip to ensure that my post does not reach you.
*** THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATIENCE IN COMPLYING WITH THESE LAWS ***

@_date: 2002-07-08 19:45:31
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Artists 
There's a flaw in this argument:
People would go to theaters to see the film in all of its glory, true.
But the theaters would no longer, in your scenario, have to fork over money to the studios.
(Unless you are positing some situation where anybody may download any film, but then not display it to others. Or that theaters would face special regulation by government, etc.)
In any case, I know a _lot_ of people who watch most of their films on cable or satellite or DVD. And cable/DVD sell through is an important part of studio revenues. An end to copyright would have a _significant_ effect on revenue.
Note that I'm not endorsing copyright as it now stands, just disputing your point that ending download restrictions would have no effect on studio profits.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2002-07-08 01:52:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: DRM as a Smart Contract 
It's a technologically-enforced contract with a specific machine, not with a person, corporation, or other entity.
I wouldn't call this a "smart contract," as if it were something new, because processor ID and "per seat" software seats have been around for a long, long time. (Others have mentioned what Sun has had, and I will mention that the Symbolics Lisp Machines I worked with in the mid-80s had processor IDs on the motherboards which software licenses for expensive software (KEE, the Knowledge Engineering Environment, from Intellicorp) could and did check.
And if this infrastructure is mandated by government, it becomes a lot more than a variation on dongles.
"Put principle over greed"?! What makes you think this list is involved in Microsoft's scheme?
--Tim May
""Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined." --Patrick Henry

@_date: 2002-07-09 00:08:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: DRM will not be legislated 
I doubt it. Napster was popular because people like FREE STUFF!
There were services in Tower Records as long ago as 10 years ago, and repeated efforts since, which allowed a patron to pick a set of songs and have them recorded onto a customized CD. Cost was comparable to a CD. They all failed.
People who were heavy users of Napster, collecting thousands of songs (or more), will not be too interested in a system which charges them a 50 cents or a dollar per song.
And casual users just won't bother.
I expect something like this will happen, but it doesn't significantly alter the main issue.
Oh, and it little or nothing to do with DRM circuitry. Most of those who download songs will be doing so to put on to their MP3 players, their iPods, their own CD-Rs. While the latest Pentium 5 and Opteron machines may or may not have DRM circuitry, it's likely that the very target market for downloaded music will be using older machines for many years to come.
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2002-07-09 16:54:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Which universe are we in? 
Sorry about this misdirection to the CP list. It was meant to go to another list.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-07-09 03:39:24
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Which universe are we in? 
No, I was arguing that while the future may be multi-worlded, everything we know about science (evidence, archaeology, measurements, ...) points to a _single_ past.
For example, a single past world line for me, for you, for Hal, for Chaucer, for Einstein.
Now we may not know what this world line is very accurately, but as we look at more closely, e.g., by examining the photographs someone may have taken, or their diaries, or whatever, the more we home in on what that world line was. We never look closely and see two or three or N different histories, we just see a higher fidelity view of what we must assume is the One True Past.
I don't doubt that Hal gets the sense that many potential Hals could have resulted in the current Hal...an interesting notion. But everything does in fact point to a One True Past which various measurements get closer and closer to, and which no measurements contradict.
This is what I meant by "convergence." Homing in, getting closer, sharpening the image, filling in the details.
As for "tacitly assuming some kind of communication between observers," I am _explicitly_ saying that observers get together and compare notes...and they find no contradictions, if they are honest observers.
Hal may have meant something different, perhaps.
--Tim May
--Tim May
(.sig for Everything list background)
Corralitos, CA. Born in 1951. Retired from Intel in 1986.
Current main interest: category and topos theory, math, quantum reality, Background: physics, Intel, crypto, Cypherpunks

@_date: 2002-07-10 02:33:52
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
You are incorrect. Renouncing citizenship does not relieve most people who need relief from the burden.
"Health Insurance Portability Act of 1996"
Google is your friend.
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2002-07-10 02:22:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
Yes, but under expat tax rates. Cf. the IRS site, tax regs, etc. for Something like the first $70K per year of income is not subject to taxes.
Companies routinely protect their overseas employees by tax-protecting their offshore earnings. (And the tax protection is protected, so the companies protect _that_, etc. Fortunately, simple formulas for infinite sequence limits are available.)
As this is not a tax forum, and I'm not going to do research for others, consult the Web. Google is your friend.
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-07-10 00:11:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
Mexico does not allow _any_ noncitizen to work!
Except for folks of either a) substantial resources, b) connected with a U.S. employer. But try visiting a Mexican city and applying for a job at a restaurant, bookstore, whatever. This was a plot element in "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre," more than 50 years ago, and it remains true today. It is also difficult for non-citizens to work in many European nations.
It's always hilarious for me to watch Mexicans screaming "Dat be racist! " (whoops, wrong language, but same idea) about how the tens of millions of illegal Mexicans who were given permanent residency under Simpson-Mozzoli were not enough, that the _new_ flood of Mexicans and Salvadorans and Guatemalans and..... should be given "amnesty."
Meanwhile, like I said, see how long you live as an illegal alien in Mexico or Nicaragua, and see if they will issue a work permit.
The U.S. is fucked up, to be sure, but talking about other countries making it easier for foreigners to work is mostly nonsense.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton

@_date: 2002-07-09 21:02:53
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
Why do you think a person without a green card is exempt from IRS Unless one's stay is a short one (see below), income or other money earned while in the U.S. (and maybe earned outside the U.S. if the IRS can make a nexus case) is taxable. Illegal aliens are supposed to file tax returns...and they certainly don't have green cards!
Here's what Uncle Sam says:
"You will be considered a U.S. resident for tax purposes if you meet the substantial presence test for the calendar year. To meet this test, you must be physically present in the United States on at least:
1.	31 days during the current year, and
2.	183 days during the 3-year period that includes the current year and the 2 years immediately before that, counting:
*	All the days you were present in the current year, and
*	1/3 of the days you were present in the first year before the current year, and
*	1/6 of the days you were present in the second year before the current year.
--end IRS quote--
There are some exemptions, for student visa persons and athletes competing in games, but basically the idea is that you owe tax on money earned in the U.S., regardless of citizenship, green card, or other I think this is terrible advice. Becoming a U.S. citizen exposes a person to not only the _current year_ tax scheme but also the "for ten years after you leave the U.S." tax scheme. (Yes, any U.S. citizen who moves anywhere in the world must, technically, file U.S. tax returns for 10 years after leaving. And pay various kinds of taxes, though the amount may be different from what he would have paid had he remained in the U.S.)
Also, a person having extensive offshore (outside the U.S.) assets may well find his assets are now taxable in the U.S. And for those with capital assets not taxed in their home countries (e.g., Germany, Japan), this may be quite a shock.
A U.S. passport buys almost no protection. The U.S. will not defend its citizens, only its imperialist interests.
--Tim May
"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 2002-07-12 21:40:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Rant: The U.S. facing the largest financial collapse ever 
Most such debts have finite lifetimes. For example, the 10-year Treasury note, which is currently the de facto standard. At the end of 10 years, it's done with, period. The principal is repaid (unless the debt was of the kind that pays an interest rate and a principal reduction part). Now the debt holders may well buy other instruments, and usually do, but it isn't an especially accurate or useful model to say "holders of US debts paid, only the interest."
I know many wealth people, and this is not so. (*) Most of them have no significant large debts. Many of them have mortgages on houses, because of the way the IRS subsidizes mortgages over other kinds of debts.
"Net worth" is this: assets minus debts. This is why "high net worth individuals" are so characterized.
(* The high net worth individuals I know range from people with several billion in assets, down to tens of millions (I believe, but most don't say publically or to me), and on down to the few millions or less.)
Current margin requirements are about 50%.
When stocks or other assets drop, margin calls result. Bernie Ebbers got a big one a year or two ago on Worldcom.
I've known folks who have gotten margin calls, and it isn't pretty.
Most folks I know, the wealthy ones, tend to keep their margin debts at a small fraction of the allowable maximum.
--Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2002-07-12 20:32:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Rant: The U.S. facing the largest financial collapse ever 
A partial list (not in any particular order, especially not necessarily in order of amount of overall indebtness):
* holders of U.S. Treasury bonds, T-bills, and other U.S. Treasury-backed instruments
* pensions for government employees (other than the parts of government which opted out, a provision not offered to any non-government folks!). Notably, military pensions, which have been getting more and more * the "default fraction" (estimated) of loan guarantees and loan insurance for programs like the Student Loan Guaranty program, mortgages for vets and other favored persons, etc. (Note that we are _not_ including the overall loan amount, only the fraction that is very likely to be a debt to the government...actuarial and risk assessors have pretty good models.)
(By the way, as an aside, this practice of co-signing for a loan, of agreeing to be the repayer of last resort, is humorously called "suicide with a fountain pen.")
* Social Security. A massive overhang, not carried on the books.
* promises made to other governments to keep their coffers full in exchange for siding with the U.S., or not blowing up as many of our airliners, or not launching rusting nukes at us, or not sending millions of immigrants to our shores
(These promises could in fact be broken. And they should be. The U.S. should pull its troops out of Europe--57 years after the end of WW II--and out of South Korea and of course out of the Mideast. Israel, Egypt, Jordan, and all of the other basket cases should be cut off. If Jews in America want to keep bailing out Israel's economy, fine. But none of my money or anyone else's should be coerced out of them.)
Between 20 and 35 %, depending on the cost of money, smoothed over several years.
This is only for the officially counted part of the debt.
This is the same reason to vote against _most_ bond issues. While there are legitimate uses of debt, and for spreading repayments over the useful lifetime of a school, prison, or whatever, too often a bond issue is advertised as not costing the taxpayer. This results in building that is not needed, or in outright fraud. (As in many countries, where bonds and lotteries are set up to build nuclear reactors in the jungle that are never really intended to be started up.)
Don't forget corporate taxes.
The official national debt is $67K per household (100 million households). 5% of that is $3350, which is about 6.7% of the $50K per year figure you cite. Which is about 33% of the 20% tax figure you cite.
If one computes the _true_ national debt, the one I talked about, then the numbers are roughly as you describe.
The actual national debt is as if every household were paying for a second $200K house on top of the one they now live in or rent. (And despite the figures on current home prices, which are at the margin, the average household does not pay for a $200K mortgage.)
Looking at the demographics of the work force, as the "pig in the python" of the Boomers move into retirement, their earning contribution to income taxes will drop sharply. Will it be made up by having skilled younger people, Hispanics, Taiwanese, Indians, etc. paying these costs?
Personally, I doubt it. I don't think the 20-year-old kids of today are going to have the job skills to make the backbreaking payments necessary. Nor should they. Why should they be indentured servants to a generation which just said "Charge it!"
If unfunded liabilities are counted, which they should be, we are approaching that point now.
(By not counting them, we are setting up a future where those 20-year-olds are paying 80% of their income in taxes. I don't think that's viable, for multiple reasons.)
By the way, there are already many countries in the world already in the situation where all of the tax revenues go into servicing the national debt, and where that debt is still compounding annually.
--Tim May
"How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago

@_date: 2002-07-11 17:32:43
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Rant: The U.S. facing the largest financial collapse ever 
As everyone should know by now, and probably does, the Social Security scheme in the U.S. is nothing more than a large Ponzi scheme. Payroll taxes, amounting to about 15% of income up to some level (ratcheted upwards every few years), go straight into the General Fund, where the 34%-39% top tax rate funds and all of the other taxes go into.
The General Fund (not its official name...it may not have one) issues the SS Geheimstatssecuritatwelfarefund an "IOU" for the trillions owed by the General Fund to the SS G.
Those IOUs are not even computed as part of the national debt. (!!) Talk about using Enron accounting!
The national debt is now estimated to be around $5 trillion, or about $67,000 per family. But this figure fails to account for two very important additional indebtednesses: first, the SS IOUs, and second, the "unsecured liabilities" that the U.S.G. has taken on due to 50 years of legislation. These unsecured liabilities include the rising pensions costs of our enormous military forces (no separate fund established), the loan guarantees to hundreds of unions and private retirement funds, and vast amounts of indebtedness for "guarantees" made to other nations, other organizations.
A friend of mine was an insurance industry expert. Some years ago he showed me the calculations of what the _actual_ indebtedness of the U.S. government is, based on accepted, standard accounting practices (as opposed to the Ponzi scheme accounting practices most governments use).
Based on legal, contractual agreements, the national debt at the time he showed me the figures (circa 1990) was $20 trillion ($20 x 10^12). Dividing by about 100 million households in the U.S., this is $200,000 per household.
This of course exceeds by a wide margin the entire asset value of most We owe more than we have. Which is typical of situations where people pay, as but one example, to have young black girls living in their own places with no job and no husband, just watching "Oprah" and having more babies and with the costs of this destructive nonproductiveness paid for the Ponzi way: "Just put it on my credit card!"
Or when $9 billion a year is given to Israel/Egypt (we give Israel $5 billion a year to keep their economy and their stalags running, so we cut a deal with Sadat to give almost as much to Egypt to keep their Swiss bank accounts filling up), we pay for it by just saying "Charge Charge it...some future generation will pay. Our political system is set up to avoid hard decisions and simply to push tough decisions further out into the future. This is why more than $20 trillion is now part of our legal obligation.
(BTW, the old chestnut that "we just owe it to ourselves, so what's the big deal" doesn't fly. For lots of reasons I'm sure intelligent folks can figure out.)
Things get much, much worse when we look at the retirement of the Baby Boomers, the leading edge of which is set to start collecting SS and other benefits in about 6-7 years (not counting folks who retired early). The full impact of this wave will hit around 2020, when things get really squirrelly.
(Things could get squirrelly even earlier, should high interest rates come back. The offiicial national debt of $5-6 trillion is quite a bit higher than the ND was in the early 80s, when 14% interest rates were a real problem. If we see 10-15% rates again, with a national debt of $6 trillion, it'll be "Katie, bar the door!")
Much of the income of the high earners, the productive engineers and others who make up for the Doritos-eating welfare breeders, is already taxed doubly or even triply. (No time for a rant, but corporate earnings are taxed at 40-50%, when corporate income taxes and payroll and other taxes are added up, then the dividends and capital gains paid out are taxed _again_ at 30-40%. And then there are the property taxes, the school taxes, the energy taxes, the sales taxes, and all the rest.
In about 15-18 years things are going to get real ugly in this country. Each high worth taxpayer (a subset of those estimated 100 million taxpaying households, most of whom pay much less in taxes than high worth taxpayers do) will have as his share of the national debt something like $800,000 (by my calculations, admittedly iffy). This is the lump sum they would have to pay to pay the credit card bills, not even counting the 50% tax rates on their current incomes to fund current Ponzi payments.
Any way we cut it, America has been "charging it" for too long, with too many handouts to foreigners to buy their loyalty, with too many incentives for people to "go on disability" or "accept 80% early retirement" or just sit at home and breed.
What we haven't paid for with cumulative taxes approaching 70% of real earnings (ask me for details of my situation sometime), we have simply charged on our credit card.
The chickens will come home to roost. Just as the biggest companies, like Enron, K-Mart, Worldcom, are now the biggest bankruptcies in history, I see the odds as pretty good that the U.S. will effectively default on the promises it has made that it cannot possibly keep.
The U.S. empire may go down in history as the largest financial collapse --Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2002-07-14 16:08:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Atmospheric noise & fair coin flipping 
No, certainly not. We have limited measurement precision, currently something like 12 decimal places for most mass/gravity/thing parameters. Even our theory of QED is "only" good to about 23 decimal places, less in any real world laboratory. The result? The errors will come "marching in" from beyond, resulting in variations in coin tosses, billiard table evolutions, etc. Cf. a large body of (mostly old) stuff on this. Google is your friend.
No, no sequence (of bits, symbols, pressures, etc.)  can ever be "proved" to be "random." Cf. Chaitin, Kolmogorov, or more popular accounts in, say, Rucker's "Mind Tools." Also covered in archives of this list.
You ask a lot of questions. I encourage you to find some of the basic books, use Google, and to think deeply about questions before phrasing them here.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-07-15 04:36:06
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Weird trolls from "gfs pedo" 
For starters, why don't you start writing in standard English?
Even if English is not your first or second language, using such "cutisms" as "u" for "you" and
"any 1" for "anyone" is much more misleading than using the standard, defined words.
We mostly get rid of Choate's rants, we get rid of nearly all of "mattd" spews, but now we have "gfs pedo" as our new nutcase. Some sort of conservation of strangeness, I guess.
Or, in your non-Earth language:
u ask more quest shuns than any 1 kneads too..i peep u r a troll.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-07-18 15:17:43
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Another restriction on technology - cell and cordless 
I thought everyone knew that the U.S. Constitution was secretly suspended by the Emergency Secrecy Order of 1862, with the suspension renewed and expanded by the Double Secret Emergency Order of 1913, establishing the Federal Reserve and imposing personal income reporting orders. And in the 1930s the Communists in power imposed more secret orders than I can hope to list. One of these was the That Which Cannot be Written Down secret order on radio and newspaper distribution.
Since then, both fascist and communist regimes have expanded the list of secret orders.
The fact that many regulations contradict each other is seen a a feature rather than as a bug.
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-08-27 17:56:13
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Startups, Bubbles, and Unemployment 
This is a problem as articles get bounced around, sometimes to some of the many similar lists run by one person.
I was there, at Intel, and will give you my thoughts on this.
* When there were about 10 chip companies, extensive patent cross-licensing deals had been struck (mostly in the 1960s). There _were_ a few lawsuits (notably Fairchild suing others for violating the "oxide isolation" patents), but not many.
* The focus on patents was minimal. Trade secrets were much more important. I can tell you that Intel had several tricks ("Getter III V-over-I," "Pyroglass," "Dip-back," special equipment custom-built, proprietary CAD systems long before CAD companies existed, etc.) that were not patented, just kept secret. Something crypto folks ought to * The focus on patents was so low that our patent guy, Ed Taylor, kept his office in LA and only came up to Santa Clara a few times a year. Mostly he discouraged the filing of patents, and certainly middle managers did not encourage engineers to waste time trying to get patents. I got one during this time. A friend of mine was told not to bother to file for a patent on something that other chip companies later (two years later) were trumpetting as their patented invention.
* Things began to change for many reasons.
*First, the entry of the Japanese, Taiwanese, and Koreans into the market. They had not be party to the cross-licensing deals.
* Second, some American companies only peripherally involved in chips attempted to sue chip companies for violating their patents (a notable example being the Hughes Corporations suits against chip companies doing ion implantation...Hughes claimed that a patent they had gotten on ion implantation meant huge royalties were due them).
* Third, patent portfolios came to be seen as valuable in takeovers, as part of the "good will" that could be charged for. Some large companies bought small companies just to acquire their patents.
* It is not likely that patents and IP have had much effect on movement of people between companies. Just my opinion....I see as much moving as Stanford has gotten pieces of the action from many companies. This shows up in their holdings of stocks in those companies, reported on the Form 144 Insider pages on Yahoo and other places. In the case of CISCO and Sun, I don't know all of the details, but there were no lawsuits against either. As I said, my understanding is that Stanford said "Go ahead" to those seeking to commercialize their projects.
Ah, "push technology," the buzzword of around 1997, just after set-top boxes and just before whatever.
And, I would argue, even harder if you DO have a bunch of money to throw at it!
(I watched friends burn through $8 million as they sat around thinking cool thoughts. More germanely to this list, look at several crypto start-ups who threw tens of millions at problems.)
And Sun, like many other successes, had very spartan office arrangements in the beginning. Then they got big. And bloated. Now they have an entire "campus," a much more campus-like campus than most companies have. But their stock is at $4.25 and the end is coming (IMO).
I have differing views on these points. But that's for another time.
--Tim May
"Aren't cats Libertarian? They just want to be left alone.
I think our dog is a Democrat, as he is always looking for a handout"  --Unknown Usenet Poster

@_date: 2002-08-27 04:53:53
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The $7 million hack (was re: [dgc.chat] Crowne Gold Update) 
...long account of nature of intrusion elided....
And what will happen if and when TLAs decide the best way to undermine confidence in upstart, anarchic extra-governmental banks who haven't been paying bribes and taxes for generations, like some Swiss banks, etc. is to hack them, drain the accounts, or at least shut them down for distressing amounts of time?
Will Interpol do anything when HMRG or POTUS was behind the attack?
And considering that CERT wants to be notified first of any identified weaknesses, and presumably they and others in HomeSec and other BlackOps TLAs know weaknesses not yet publicized or fixed, wanna bet whether they could attack many of the upstart offshore banks?
You have just now realized that the Sealand platform is minimally staffed?  We heard this a couple of years ago, straight from people who ought to know. Seems to me that you have not done due diligence....
(I mean, how can Ryan be on the platform and also be on his way to Burning Man? (As an example...I haven't heard from Ryan in a long while, but I know that at one time he was administering the Sealand routers and boxes remotely.)
This will not be the last such attack. Nor could it be expected to be.
Banks have been robbed, blackmailed, threatened, and even burned for thousands of years. If digital banking (in its various forms) is successful at all, it will be attacked.
Some will try to attack these banks because that's where the money is, as Willie Sutton used to say. Others will attack because of the threat the digital banks pose, to other banks, to tax collectors, to the status quo. For this second class of attackers, disrupting or tarnishing the reputation of the operation is enough.
Much more could be said on this.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-08-15 05:00:29
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: A faster way to factor prime numbers found? 
Faster even than the usual algorithm?:
The factors of a prime number are 1 and the number itself.
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2002-08-03 16:56:26
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Other uses of TCPA 
"The VSPA (Video Surveillance Protection Architecture) is a completely voluntary arrangement whereby video cameras must be installed by 2003 in all new and remodeled homes, apartments, places of business, libraries, and other such places. These cameras and microphones can be used voluntarily by parents and other concerned persons to monitor children, pets, and domestic workers. Under the VSPA, the video feed will be sent to a centralized location where homeowners and parents may then access the feed, strictly voluntarily.
"While installation of VSPA will be mandated by law in all new and remodeled homes, the use of VSPA features is strictly on an opt-in basis, except as authorized by law (*).
"* Note that VSPA features may be accessed by court order, by presidential emergency order, by authorization of an employee of the Justice, Defense, Interior, or HomeSec departments who is above the grade level GS-7. During periods of Domestic Emergency, the President or the HomeSec Commissar may enable the VSPA on a regional or state or national basis. Additionally, Child Protective Services, the Environmental Protection Agency, and other selected agencies may be granted access, all subject to strict oversight by government officials.
"Remember, VSPA is a completely voluntary system. The installation of the VSPA cameras and microphones will assist us all. The legitimate needs of law enforcement will be subject to careful oversight.
"Best of all, a substantial tax credit will be granted to those who voluntarily install the VSPA system prior to the mandatory phase-in time. To pay for the voluntary VSPA system, taxes will be raised for those who fail to volunteer."
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-08-19 20:29:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: get me the fuck out of oz 
I've been getting your "special mailings" (i.e., I'm on some list you have separate from Cypherpunks) for a few months now.
Whatever contributions you might have made several years ago (I forget), your weird writings of the last several months mark you as a loon.
Please remove me from your "special mailings" and please seek professional help.
(If in fact you are even the "Wilfred Guerin" of several years ago, as opposed to being the Oz-dweller who used to bombard us with so many of his similar rants.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-08-19 19:21:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Startups, Bubbles, and Unemployment 
I read with interest the comments on the "why are so many applied cryptographers unemployed?" thread.
I know a _lot_ of unemployed folks. Or folks looking for more than "part time consulting" work.
Lots of issues, lots of possible reasons for the high unemployment rate of applied cryptographers:
* The collapse or sale or downsizing of several companies which formerly employed a fair number of Cypherpunks: PGP (used to employ about 6-10 list members that I know of), ZKS (maybe 5-8 active list memmbers, IIRC), C2Net in the 1994-97 years, Counterpane (several list members), and even Netscape (three list members, brothers, represented the "security department" for a while). This kind of collapse or downsizing dumps a lot of the same kind of people on the market.
* End to crazy ideas of "let's do a start-up!"
* An example. Here's part of an e-mail I received recently from someone who proposed that I give him some money for some kind of start up or charityware project in an area of interest to both of us. I have changed the details for obvious reasons:
"I had this vague hope that you might be interested in throwing some
money at an interesting problem in FOO to see if something worthwhile
might result with a view to seeing if it could produce money later.
Nothing so risky as a startup - a startup might make money, whereas what
I was thinking of would be absolutely guaranteed a ROI of 0%. No risk
there :-)  Hopefully a chance of some fun and benefit to humanity
(This writer, an acquaintance of mine, has been trying for several years to get various projects going. Sad to say, his very words above indicate just how flaky his ideas are. He thinks others will fund projects as a kind of charityware. Given the loaded cost of people these days, even with reduced expectations in this current downturn, it hasn't even been possible for billionaires like Paul Allen to fund projects successfully. Many examples exist, even of some crypto startups, where tens of millions of dollars went into salaries, benefits, perks, facilities, with essentially nothing to show for the expenditures. More on this point later.)
*Back in the 1970s and early 80s, high tech start-ups were difficult to do. It took some really good ideas, or at least the departure of a talented group of people who had already developed something. Examples like Sun and Cisco are examples of where the core technology had already been developed (Stanford, in both cases) and where the companies could begin to SELL PRODUCTS almost immediately.
* A company formed at about the time the VC industry was transitioning from "hard money" (hard to fund a start up) to "easy money" was RSA Data Security. And though it owned a much more valuable property than most recent crypto startups have owned, it almost went under a couple of times. Read Levy's "Crypto" for some details of how it almost failed in the late 80s and again in the early 90s.
* I've seen a bunch of "applied crypto" companies during this recent Internet bubble where the intellectual property is far, far less compelling than "RSA" was. I don't mean to insult any of my friends here, but the notion with a lot of these companies seems to have been "We're young, we're Cypherpunks, let's raise some money, get a nice office space with our espresso bar and hot tub, hire our friends, and become rich."
(This is perhaps too harsh a summary. But I'll let it stand as a reference point.)
* There are still roles for start ups. But I think some really good ideas are needed. Just "riding the wave" is no longer working...it worked during the bubble years, for a bunch of companies...most of which are now greatly downsized or gone completely.
* Don't quit your day job. And if you don't have a day job, get one (assuming you need some money...some folks have independent sources of some amount of money).
(Note that during the tough period for RSA, most of the key technical people had other jobs, as professors, etc. I think Rivest took one year off from MIT to consult full-time for RSADSI, but mostly they had other jobs the whole time. Only after the revenues began consistently flowing were a lot of full-time people hired. During the bubble, of course, they staffed up to high levels, expanded, got involved in other ventures, etc. And Bidzos, of course, rode the bubble by co-founding and being Chairman of Verisign.)
* Doing things in a garage is more than just a quaint image. It means "doing things without _any_ burn rate." It means having a day job.
* The notion that a group will raise ten million bucks, rent expensive facilities, hire their friends, and THEN get to work on product development (or, more often, playing around with potential ideas), is just not plausible any longer.
* especially dangerous is the seductive idea that one can take a broad idea, seek funding, be the CEO, and then "hire a bunch of guys like Ian Note: This is NOT directed at ZKS, which actually DID hire a guy like Ian Goldberg! Instead, what I mean is that I've heard more than a few people say that this is what they hope or plan to do with their crypto startups, that they hope (or "hoped," past tense, as they all seem to have abandoned these ideas now) to raise some VC money and THEN hire brilliant applied cryptographers to actually build the product.
* Well, this business model ain't likely to work. For lots of reasons. First, product development in a startup has _always_ been an iffy proposition. (I frankly cannot think of any good examples where it has worked. Most successful products were developed by very small groups, or already developed. Yahoo, for example, was already running out of Jerry Yang's bedroom. Netscape was Mosaic was developed by a small group (Marc A. and others) at Fermilab, I've already mentioned Sun and Cisco, and there are other examples. I could make a  catalog of what was developed where...left as an exercise for you to think about, or comment on in replies to this thread.)
The second reason this business model doesn't seem to work is that there's a major shortage of Ian Goldbergs out there! A lot of "applied cryptography" people are actually not very skilled at coding, it appears. A lot of "applied cryptographers" are what used to be called "systems analysts" (in fact, the parallels are eerie).
The third and probably most important reason is that a "good idea" is not enough. Products that people actually pay money for is the raison d'etre of companies. Whether the products are widgets or programs or services (though beware of service companies, as the money is usually not there), a company MUST sell something. A lot of folks seem to think companies are just cool places to play around with ideas at.
(Side note: I witnessed a couple of "pre-bubble" companies which, in my opinion, didn't fully understand the importance of getting a product out very early and having real revenues to both fund further development and to act as a sanity check (feedback) on their ideas. They each burned through many millions of dollars in the 1988-93 period and both ultimately vanished. Ironically, they were pursuing ideas which lie at the foundations of modern e-commerce and the Net.)
* If I were to fund a company (don't even ask!), I would look for several characteristics:

@_date: 2002-09-11 16:07:41
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Saturday meeting/BBQ/party--last minute comments 
Last Minute Comments:
* Meeting/BBQ/Party at Tim May's house, Saturday, September 14th, 1 p.m. onwards. Formal agenda to start promptly at 2 p.m.
* I've had a lot of confirmations (not required, except for lurkers and strangers) from a lot of people, so PARKING is OFFICIALLY BECOMING A PROBLEM. I live at the top of a  hill serviced by a one-lane road going from the valley floor up several hundred feet to my driveway above. I have had parties where about 15 cars were in one of several places:

@_date: 2002-09-05 16:18:17
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: no ICs in nukes... 
In my earlier life, I worked at Intel on issues of radiation effects on ICs, especially VLSI. I got to know Bob Gregory, the IC fabrication specialist for Sandia/Los Alamos. There was a lot of work being done even back in the 70s on migrating to IC-based systems.
And one of the earliest talks I heard on public key crypto was one by Martin Hellman on using PK for weapons verification, e.g., fiber optic bands around missiles emitting regular beacons to demonstrate that they had not been opened or compromised. This would have been around 1978-79.
Just some background notes. I have no idea when microprocessors first made their appearance in nukes, or what the model numbers were. Certainly the guidance systems for cruise missiles are very (I also advised Washington about how easy it could be to use modified commercial ion implanters, for example, to disrupt satellites. Disrupt them beyond the ability of their resident ECC to correct. The focus on most particle-beam weapons had prior to that been on using particle beams to mechanically "punch" a missile or satellite. I gave a talk in 1979 to a Jasons-related panel in La Jolla on how the beam fluence calculations usually used to show how impractical particle beam weapons would be were actually off by 5 or 6 orders of magnitude. Namely, that scrambling the memory and processors of state of the art satellites like DSCS (Defense...Communications Satellite) and TDRSS would be relatively easy to do. I gave calculations. A few days later, I got a call saying a special meeting was being called for the following week in Washington, and would I please give the opening talk? I did, but was excluded from the afternoon sessions, as they were classified.)
--Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2002-09-04 16:54:03
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Announcement: Cypherpunks meeting/party/BBQ, Tim May's house 
ANNOUNCEMENT: Cypherpunks Meeting and Party/BBQ, Saturday, September 14th, 2002. Tim May's house, Corralitos, California.
* WHAT?: Ten years ago this month the first Cypherpunks meeting. Cypherpunks meeting and party. Several interesting talks are planned, though nothing of the usual "political action" sort. A flexible agenda will be posted at the meeting.
I am hoping we can have as stimulating a discussion as we had at our first meetings a decade ago.
* WHEN?: Saturday, September 14th, 1 p.m. to "late." (A limited amount of people can stay overnight--ask me about it.) Formal talks will probably run for several hours, then the informal and BBQ/party takes over. People can arrive as early as 1 p.m. and hang out, but the formal agenda will start promptly at 2.
* WHERE?: Tim May's house in Corralitos, east of Santa Cruz and north of Watsonville. 427 Allan Lane, Corralitos. Detailed driving instructions at the end of this message...or use one of the many mappers on the Net. It takes about an hour to get from Sunnyvale to my house, about 40 miles, so plan your travel accordingly.
* WHO?: Cypherpunks and friends who are not narcs or Feds. Contrary to some meetings in the past, this is NOT an "open meeting, open to all." That strategy worked OK for some meetings in public places where certain kinds of software were to be distributed. But my house is a private residence. I have nothing against legitimate cops enforcing legitimate laws, but I don't want persecutors traipsing through my house, perhaps planting evidence, looking for signs of illegal activities or grounds for a warrant, etc. This is a PRIVATE RESIDENCE and I intend to escort to the door anyone who is unknown to others. If you are a lurker who doesn't know anybody and you want to attend, send me e-mail and we'll arrange something.
* WHAT ELSE?: Parking may be tight. And because of the distance, carpooling with your friends would be good. A cat lives in the house...don't leave any doors open, and tell me if you see him get out.
* CHILDREN?: My house is not child-friendly, and I don't have time to make sure nothing dangerous is exposed. Please leave children out of this meeting/party.
* FOOD: If you stay for the evening BBQ and party, bring something to share. Don't everyone bring a bag of chips! The Corralitos Market is a popular place for meats, sausages, etc. (Don't everyone bring sausages, either!) And if you drink, remember the drive home.
--Tim May (location instructions below)
Getting to Tim May's house in Corralitos:
427 Allan Lane (MapQuest works well). 831-728-0152
 From Santa Cruz, south on Highway 1. Take Freedom Boulevard exit in Aptos. Go inland, on Freedom Blvd.  Travel about 5 miles, to first stop sign. Take a left on Corralitos Road. At the the next stop sign, the Corralitos Market (good sausages!) will be on your left. Just before the stop sign, bear right on Brown's Valley Road. Cross bridge and then bear left as Brown's Valley Road turns. Travel about one mile to Allan Lane, on the right.
Allan Lane is at about the "360" mailbox point on Brown's Valley Road...if you go too far and enter the redwoods, turn back! Drive to top of hill on Allan Lane.  At top, bear left, over a small rise, past a house on the left, then down my driveway. My house will be the white stucco semi-Spanish style, with a red Explorer and black Mercedes in the driveway.
Note for parties: You can park either in my driveway or at the top of the hill and walk a few hundred feet. Don't block any driveways!
 From points south of Santa Cruz, take Green Valley Road exit off of Highway 1. Travel about 2 miles to Freedom Boulevard. Turn left. Then right at Corralitos Road.

@_date: 2002-09-11 16:16:39
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Nov-L: Noelle Bush arrested with drugs (fwd) 
This is something to watch. Many first-time offenders in the War on Some Drugs get rehab time...but she's been in rehab some number of If she were a street kid, she'd be facing X years in prison.
But she's not. She's part of the First Extended Family. On the other hand, she's half-Mexican, so that may cancel out her FEF status.
If there's justice, she'll face exactly the same 5 years in prison that civilians face.
But there isn't, and she won't.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-09-20 21:54:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Found Object at Party: Knife/pliers multi-tool 
I found a stainless steel locking pliers multi-tool behind my ice chest on my deck. Someone probably used it at the party as a bottle opener and forgot it was there. Perhaps it was left on the lid of the ice chest and it rolled off in the semi-darkness when someone else opened the lid.
It's one of the models made by one of these vendors: Leatherman, SOG, Gerber, Buck, etc.
Describe the brand and/or how it operates, opens, etc. and I'll hold it for you or make other arrangements for you to get it back.
Comment on the meeting,/party: I counted about 50 people at one time or another, peaking at about 40 during the late afternoon indoor session. A lot of people I'd never met, nor heard of. (If someone lost the multi-tool and doesn't read Cypherpunks, oh well, think of it as Darwin's blade, now mine.)
Thanks to all for making for such a great meeting and later party!
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-09-21 17:44:56
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Random Privacy 
Cordian correctly points out that merely XORing with a random bit gives the same statistics as the random bit(s).
Now that I think about it, I recollect the proposal was something along these lines:
Alice is confronted with a question with a yes or no answer. She flips a coin. If the outcome is "H," she answers the question honestly. If the outcome is "T," she then flips another coin and gives that outcome as her answer.
Half the population of pollees is ostensibly answering honestly, the other half is randomizing. No particular person can be linked to an More sophisticated versions, as I recall, had more complicated series of coin tosses (to reduce "noise").
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-09-21 17:29:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Random Privacy 
I meant "patented" in both cases.
Part of the continuing idiocy of our patent system, when obvious prior art going back more than a decade counts for nothing in the blizzard of --Tim May

@_date: 2002-10-29 17:13:54
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: fuel cells on planes, why bother? 
You're missing a basic point: people do not want to remove their batteries/fuel cells and thus probably shut down their machines. If fuel cells require removal before boarding (an "if" which may not be realistic, from what a few people have said here), and batteries do not, then fuel cells will be deprecated by business travelers.
This is the debate, not an issue of airlines supplying power.
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2002-10-28 02:31:40
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Details on lne.com's blocking of Cypherpunks posts?? 
Can you provide details?
If lne.com is blocking posts, I will have to find another CP node.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-10-28 03:00:23
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: False statement: "Since cypherpunks no longer code" 
(I have no idea why Extropy and Transhumantech are being copied on this message (, extropy ). Since I know they will bounce my reply, as I am not subscribed to their lists, I will delete them from the This is a false statement. A cheap shot, in fact. I will stack the code written by attendees of the recent CP meetings against your code, Eugene, any day. (No offense, Eugene,  but I despise these "fashionable" cheap shots which miss the mark so...cheaply.)
At the last Cypherpunks meeting, which happened to be at my house, we saw excellent examples of coding on several important fronts: BitStorm, Software-Defined Radio, the new release of PGP, and Mixmaster. Major new examples of coding on all three main fronts: crypto, remailers, peer-to-peer, and the recent addition of SDR, which promises to blow the roof off of attempts by governments to ban listening at certain I realize it has become fashionable in this post-fin-de-siecle era of ennui to jabber about how boring things have become, but people are still coding. Granted, there are fewer "new and surprising" apps, but this is completely to be expected. We had a very good idea of the classes of apps as long ago as 1990, and the first half of the 1990s saw several very good realizations of most of them.
CodeCon, earlier this year, was a smashing success.
--Tim May
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
  with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
  convinces himself." -- David Friedman

@_date: 2002-11-22 16:13:09
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Worm Klez.E immunity 
Why are you copying me on this message? I had nothing to do with sending it.
Get a clue.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-11-04 01:15:46
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Intel's LaGrab 
"New PCs Likely to Cede Some Control
Sun Nov 3, 1:58 PM ET
By MATTHEW FORDAHL, AP Technology Writer
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - To thwart hackers and foster online commerce, the next generation of computers will almost certainly cede some control to software firms, Hollywood and other outsiders.
That could break a long-standing tenet of computing: that PC owners ultimately control data on their own machines.
Microsoft calls its technology "Palladium." Intel dubs it "LaGrande."
I say we call it "LaGrab."
--Tim May
"Extremism in the pursuit of liberty is no vice."--Barry Goldwater

@_date: 2002-11-03 05:37:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: What email encryption is actually in use? 
When I was at Intel we sent our designs for microprocessors to European branches and/or partners. One set of designs sent to MATRA/Harris, a partner in the 80C86, was stolen in transit. (The box of tapes arrived in Paris, but the tapes had been replaced by the suitable weight of The moral: 99.9999x % of traffic is of little interest to thieves or eavesdroppers. But some fraction is.
And it often isn't appreciated until after a theft or eavesdrop in which category the traffic lies. (Equivalent to people not thinking about backups until it's too late.)
Having said this, I, too, rarely encrypt. It should get easier, now that PGP 8 is well-integrated into the Mail program I use in OS X. (Years ago PGP stopped working in my mailer, and I had to encrypt and decrypt manually.)
It is odd that we mostly think crypto should be easy and painless. The military, with a real need for crypto, has full-time code clerks on ships and at bases, even out on the battlefield. And they have "code shacks" and "cipher rooms" and all sorts of procedure and rigamarole about envelopes, couriers, locks on doors, combo locks on safes, need to know, etc.
PK crypto has made a lot of things a lot easier, but expecting it all to work with a click of a button is naive. Of course, most of us don't actually have secrets which make protocols and efforts justifiable. There's the rub.
--Tim May

@_date: 2002-11-19 22:06:35
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: 17 Cypherpunks subscribers on watch list, Project Lookout 
A company I am involved with has been on the distribution list for the FBI's Project Lookout watch list, the list being shared with banks, electronics companies, consulting firms, transportation companies, and 1100 other firms.
Cross-indexing with the CP subscriber list, I find 17 names on both We must be vigilant! Civil rights are only for innocents, not guilty --Tim May

@_date: 2002-12-30 21:49:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Many Worlds Version of Fermi Paradox 
Factoring is not known to be in NP (the so-called "NP-complete" class of problems...solve on in P time and you've solved them all!).
The example I favor is the Hamiltonian cycle/circuit problem: find a path through a set of linked nodes (cities) which passes through each node once and only once. All of the known solutions to an arbitrary Hamiltonian cycle problem are exponential in time (in number of nodes). For example, for 5 cities there are at most 120 possible paths, so this is an easy one. But for 50 cities there are as many as 49!/2 possible paths (how many, exactly, depends on the links between the cities, with not every city having all possible links to other cities). For a mere 100 cities, the number of routes to consider is larger than the number of particles we believe to be in the universe.
However, saying "known solutions" is not the same thing as "we have proved that it takes exponential time." For all we know, now, in 2002, there are solutions not requiring exponential time (in # of cities).
And this general line of reasoning leads to a Many Worlds Version of the Fermi Paradox: Why aren't they here?
The reason I lean toward the "shut up and calculate" or "for all practical purposes" interpretation of quantum mechanics is embodied in the above argument.
IF the MWI universe branchings are at all communicatable-with, that is, at least _some_ of those universes would have very, very large amounts of power, computer power, numbers of people, etc. And some of them, if it were possible, would have communicated with us, colonized us, visited us, etc.
This is a variant of the Fermi Paradox raised to a very high power.
My conclusion is that the worlds of the MWI are not much different from Lewis' "worlds with unicorns"--possibly extant, but unreachable, and hence, operationally, no different from a single universe model.
(I don't believe, necessarily, in certain forms of the Copenhagen Interpretation, especially anything about signals propagating instantaneously, just the "quantum mechanics is about measurables" ground truth of what we see, what has never failed us, what the mathematics tells us and what is experimentally verified. Whether there "really are" (in the modal realism sense of Lewis) other worlds is neither here nor there. Naturally, I would be thrilled to see evidence, or to conclude myself from deeper principles, that other worlds have more than linguistic existence.)
--Tim May
(.sig for Everything list background)
Corralitos, CA. Born in 1951. Retired from Intel in 1986.
Current main interest: category and topos theory, math, quantum reality, cosmology.
Background: physics, Intel, crypto, Cypherpunks

@_date: 2002-12-08 18:01:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Money is about expected future value....nothing more, 
Mark cited the Bank of England, not U.S. law. I don't know what British law is in this regard.
But I will tell you that the notion that U.S. dollars must be accepted as "payment" in the U.S. (using the variant that corrects Mark's typographical error above) is false.
The language is along the lines of "this note good for all debts public and private." This does not stop parties from agreeing to transfers in yak brains, or houses, or gold, or tantalum.
It says that if Alice agrees to pay Bob 50 dollars ($50), with no special payment instructions agreed to, and Alice at some point gives Bob a $50 piece of U.S. currency, she has fulfilled her debt obligation under U.S. law. I surmise, but have not verified, that this sort of language was added to banknotes to better ensure that people accepted the banknotes as being equivalent to specie (gold and silver).
--Tim May
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity." --Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-12-01 01:42:39
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The CDR as a Cliological experiment 
The slave trade was centered around some negroes capturing and selling some other negroes. The Moslems who ferried the captured negroes along the coast were just middlemen, as were the Dutch and English who carried the negro cargo to the final customers.
Ironically, the negro in America, especially the negro Muslim, blames the Jew for what other negroes and other Muslims did to some of his And now the negro in America wants the "honkey" to give him reparations.
(Tyler Durden, _please_ learn to trim your replies. Your "quote the entire thing" top posting is getting tiresome. I hear there are night school classes which teach Outlook Express or whichever braindead mailer you are using.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-01-31 22:15:34
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: punk and free markets 
Silliness. The name "cypherpunks" was a pun on "cyberpunks," a pun suggested by Jude Milhon, a woman writer for "Mondo 2000" at the time.
Being that there is no body which "decides" what our group is called, or even that it _is_ a group, saying that someone's pun on top of someone else's pun means some political ideology attached to degenerates like Sid Vicious, the Dead Kennedy's, etc., is pure Whether even "cyberpunks" had anything substantive to do with the so-called punk music scene is debatable, but cypherpunks certainly did not. The political ideology of all musical "punks" I have met is decidedly leftist, and not in the way libertarians often like. Rather, the leftists of British socialism, of American Democrat statists, and of Trotskyites in general.
It was a pun on a pun, so to speak. Had someone come up with a funnier pun, something better than officious names like "Crypto Rights," that's probably what the loose association of folks would have been called. But no one did, so Jude's name stuck.
That Jim Choate is carrying the banner for leftie punkism is not at all --Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2003-01-31 18:44:50
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Passenger rail is for adventurers and bums 
By the way, if this has anything to do with the security hassles of air  travel (someone, maybe you, mentioned it as well a day or so ago),  don't count on this difference lasting for long.
Already there are calls to use "positive identification" for all train  "Amtrak also requires that each person buying a ticket has photo  "Passengers traveling between Boston and Washington DC can no longer  purchase their tickets on board the train."
Expect more such moves. Expect much tighter security if and when a  train is seized in the U.S. or Europe the way peace-loving Indians have  been seizing trains and killing the occupants in peaceful India.
(Securing entry points to trains will be even more difficult than with  airplanes, for the obvious reasons. Ditto for securing transfer of  weapons onto trains--in large amounts of baggage, through open windows,  when people step off trains at many intermediate "whistle stops," etc.)
The police state will extend to trains. Count on it.
I don't know if this is your reason for expecting not to fly  commercially again, but for anyone who thinks trains will somehow be  exempted from the national security police state, think again.
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-01-30 06:28:31
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [DIGRESSION] RE: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
"Dodging" may be important for motorcycles (yes, I have one, a BMW R1100R), but not for any of the accidents I have seen or been in. These usually happen when someone makes a sudden lane change, turns in front of another, runs a red light, fails to negotiate a curve, fails to stop/merge/etc., and so on.
The laws of physics are what they are. A 3500-pound vehicle colliding with a 2000-lb vehicle will have the expected effects, all other things being equal. They are not, of course, but even in the "other things" the larger vehicle usually has advantages. My 300 SE has a long hood, with lots of crush length, lots of steel to absorb energy. And a steering column safely ahead of me. And dual airbags. The roof is strongly reinforced. The Volvo folks got most of their know-how in building strong cars from the Mercedes-Benz data "open sourced" in the late 50s, early 60s, and later.
I have witnessed three accidents, but only have been in one. This was a motorcyclist running a red light and smashing into the front of my compact car, a 1972 Mazda RX-2.  It did substantial damage to my engine compartment. Either my Mercedes or my Explorer would have absorbed the impact better.
So, just one accident in my 51 years, not caused by me,  compared to your 3 or more, caused by you. So I suppose you have earned the right to explain to me why I should squeeze myself into a Honda Lupo so I can "save the planet."
I didn't speak of absolute safety, only relative safety. A 3500-pound steel Mercedes sedan is going to withstand a collision with a truck better than a carbon fiber golf cart riding no more than a meter high.
--Tim May
"Gun Control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and
strangled with her panty hose,  is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound"

@_date: 2003-01-20 22:36:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Stanford University: face down the 
I've been to a few of these, and once spoke at one, circa 1993.
IMO, nearly worthless. Thinking about how little can get covered in an hour at a Cypherpunks meeting, imagine what happens in any particular one hour of one of these things: just enough time to establish a few basic points, hit on some of the current issues, and take some For the actual students, not so bad, as they're getting 15 or so of these lectures per semester, and the intent is to provide a survey of (Strangely enough, 15 times "nearly worthless" is OK...for a survey The point is that anyone already familiar with the topic or the issues will not learn anything.
Which leaves arguing with the speaker as the only reason for going...and arguing with the speaker is not worthwhile, given the extreme constraints on time. And given the usual pointlessness of arguing with others.
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-01-11 21:04:20
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Television 
And long before Linux, Unix variants of all kinds. And before Unix, things running on PDP-10s and 7s and 15s and IBM and Univac machines. As I said earlier, I saw these in the late 60s. Popular in Vietnam.
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-01-06 17:04:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Dossiers and Customer Courtesy Cards 
Ditto for meat, and for produce (vegetables, fruits). However, another primary reason is because dairy, meat, and to a lesser extent produce all benefit from wall space so that stocking can be done from behind. Butcher areas are usually behind the meats, and dairy is stocked from the large refrigerators behind the dairy cases. Ditto for beer.
Mostly a scam. Prices on "$$$uper $$$aver!!!!" items, by whatever name, are often jacked-up before the Customer Satisfaction Reward! is applied.
Items which are truly discounted, due to vendor surpluses, etc., are usually discounted just as much at stores with no such cards. (In the Bay Area, Nob Hill/Raley's, Albertson's prior to the card, and numerous other independent stores have no cards, and just as many discounts.)
I don't dispute the notion that the major chains have all decided to try to keep customer loyalty by offering such cards.
"So great that everyone ought to offer one" is the chestnut about a rare service becoming ubiquitous, and thus useless. This is one reason things like these cards go in cycles.
As I said, I just picked up several more Safeway cards just by reaching over the counter in an aisle which was shut down. I keep a pile in my vehicles. And if I don't remember to pick one up before entering a store, I either get a new one (no name, of course) on the spot, have the checker wand a generic card, or grab a new one from near a locked cash register.
But I certainly realize the supposed "savings" are hype based on the usual marketing principles.
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-01-29 03:25:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: the news from bush's speech 
The _real_ news was, of course, that no one delivered the Sato Solution to that den of statists.
Granted, delivering a fully-loaded 767 through the roof of the Capitol dome has become harder than it was when Clancy first proposed it (ironically, Clancy remained a vaunted consultant while those on newsgroups who speculated similarly reportedly got visits from the SS). But each year I keep hoping that my CNN coverage will suddenly go blank and Aaron Brown and Judy Woodruff will say "We seem to have lost communcation with the Capitol...Judy, what's that bright orange glow over towards the Capitol?"
Of course, a true nest-cleaning detonation would probably take out most of Crystal City as well, so Aaron, Lou, Dan, Peter, and Oprah would probably be "having the vapors."
There's always next year...
--Tim May
"To those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists."  --John Ashcroft, U.S. Attorney General

@_date: 2003-01-30 00:08:08
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
I should have mentioned in my first reply that you need to spend some time looking into evolutionary learning and markets. For example, the importance of quick feedback and correction, with profits determining which markets are explored.
I have strong views on this, having studied the electronics/semiconductor market for many years, having studied carefully the role of intermediate products (such as RTL --> DTL --> TTL --> op amps --> MOS RAMs --> 4-bit microprocessors --> etc.).
Products introduced in 1963, say, were generally making the bulk of a company's profits by 1965-66,  paying for the 1965 R & D and the 1966 product rollouts, which then paid for the 1967-69 cycle, etc.
I know this was true of the earlier technologies and it matched everything I saw in my years at Intel and thereafter.
The "2-4 year payback cycle" in the electronics industry, from roughly 1955 to the present, was terribly important. Each generation of technology paid for the next generation, and costly mistakes resulted in companies ceasing to exist (Shockley Transistor, Rheem, Precision Monolithics, and so on...the list is long).
Successful products led to the "genes" (or memes) propagating. Phenotypes and genotypes.
This same model gave us, basically, the commercial automobile and aviation industries.
"Moon shots," on the other hand, distort markets, suffer from a lack of evolutionary learning, and have almost no breakthroughs ("But what about Tang?").
"I am proud to announce, as your President, the goal of creating our national mechanical brain, a machine which will be built with one million relays and vacuum tubes. I am committing one billion dollars to this noble endeavour. We expect to have the mechanical brain operating by 1970." --President Dwight Eisenhower, 1958.
Really, Eugene, you need to think deeply about this issue. Ask your lab associate, "A. G.," about why learning and success/failure is so important for so many industries. Read some Hayek, some von Mises, some Milton Friedman. And even some David Friedman.
Ask why the U.S.S.R., which depended essentially solely on "federal funding," failed so completely. Hint: it wasn't just because of repression. It was largely because "picking winners" doesn't work, and command economies only know how to pick winners (they think).
Think deeply about why this list is what it is.

@_date: 2003-01-29 23:43:17
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
Some of the leading PV panels are those from BP (British Petroleoum). These can be ordered, along with those from Kyocera, Astropower, Siemens, and others, from many sites. Use Google to find them.
My brother worked for one of these companies at their Simi Valley/Thousand Oaks site about 20 years ago.
The issues are complex, but have zero to do with leftie fantasies about oil companies suppressing technologies.
There is no way to control fundamental breakthroughs, whether PV conversion or "caburetors that violate the laws of physics!." Any of the above non-oil companies (and one can add Texas Instruments and others to the list) which develops a more efficient, cheaper to manufacture PV system will find success.
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-01-29 23:13:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
Well, in your country (Germany, IIRC), perhaps such funding is In the U.S., it really is not. Constitutionally, that is. The government exists to do certain things, not to pick technology winners.
Yes, I realize there was a space program..it was unconstitutional, IMO, as it had nothing to do per se with national defense or other constitutionally-specified purposes of collecting and disbursing taxpayer money. Other programs, like cancer research and diet studies, are even more unconstitutional. See also the next point, about the effects the "Moon Shot" had on alternatives.
The effects are much worse than you imply. Government picking winners means that competitors are undermined and "deprecated." Not only does the funding distort the market, but the government often finds ways to actually _ban_ alternatives. (Sometimes the ban is explicit, often it is implicit, in terms of universities and corporations only being allowed to compete in
For example, the space program. The Moon Flag Planting cost about 100,000 slave-lives (about $125 thousand milliion in today's dollars) to finance. It  distorted the market for things like single stage to orbit, which might have happened otherwise. And it created a bureaucracy more intent on spreading pork to  Huntsville, Houston, Canaveral, and other pork sites. (Surprising that Robert Byrd failed to get WVa picked as the control center. He was too junior then, probably.)
I don't have time/energy to explain in a lot of detail why you are so wrong here, why your "slippage into statism" is not only surprising given your subscription to this list, but is also dead wrong.
I won't bother responding to your arguments in favor of national --Tim May, Corralitos, California
Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty.

@_date: 2003-01-29 21:04:38
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
Nonsense. What "political science" do you think was stopping Ford or Honda or Volvo or GM from introducing a hydrogen fuel cell car by 1980?
Do you think it was the lack of hydrogen storage technology? Not a Poly Sci problem.
Do you think it was the lack of methane fuel at filling stations? Not a Poly Sci problem.
Do you think it was the very high cost of fuel cell vehicles even today (in prototype form) compared to  conventional fuel vehicles? Not a Poly Sci problem.
And so on, for H2 storage tanks, reformers, etc.
You are generally free to develop your idea of a fuel cell vehicle and to then try to sell it to customers, modulo some minor issues of safety tests, etc.
Don't let weird ideological ideas get in the way of being able to evaluate technologies objectively. "Careful with that axe to grind, --Tim May

@_date: 2003-01-30 02:38:11
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: [DIGRESSION] RE: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
It's an old and silly line.
I value my life quite highly. I put about 8000 miles per year on my main car (and about 4000 miles per year on an older SUV I used to haul large items, etc.). My car gets about 20 mpg. This costs me about $700 per year in gasoline.
Some of the leftie/environmentalists on another list I am on attempted to argue, strenuously, that I owed it "to the planet"  and "to yourself" to start driving a Prius, a hybrid that the enthusiasts say averages around 40 mpg. Whatever the exact number, if it is 40 mpg it would "save" me about $300-400 per year in gas, depending on the grade of gas it takes.
(Of course, my 1991 Mercedes-Benz is bought and paid for, and costs less than a Prius by about $6000-$9000, based on blue book comparisons of early 90s MBs to late 90s-early 00s Priusi. Saving $350 a year will take 15-25 years to amortize, modulo others costs.)
Then there's safety, and personal injury insurance rates. If my 3500-pound S-Class hits a Prius, the laws of physics dictate what happens. And if I hit a golf cart, er, a Honda Lupo, I'd better yell (Here's a quote about the size: "Developed in the wind tunnel and built entirely from composite carbon-fiber reinforced material, it has a width of only 1.25 m (49.2 inches) and is just over a meter high (39 Since my life and my safety is vastly more valuable to me than saving $350-$600 a year in gas, I'll be keeping my 3500-pound S-Class.
(Actually, the little golf car runabouts are slightly popular (maybe one car in 2000 is one of these golf carts) near the downtown beach area around here. But not on the California freeways, and most definitely not the on the highway which consumes most of my driving: the mountainous Highway 17 between Santa Cruz and San Jose, with 18-wheelers only a foot away. I wouldn't want to be sitting inside a golf cart "just over a meter high" when the wheels of an 18-wheeler are And then there's the issue of carrying passengers, cargo, plus the availability of repairs in small towns, etc.
A lot of "theoretically good" solutions fail for market reasons, what someone correctly said is Metcalfe's Law, or the fax effect. Until fueling stations carry exotic fuels, or until all cars and trucks are reduced to golf cart sizes, the disadvantages outweigh the slight savings in fuel costs.
I'm quite surprised to see, on this list and on other lists, the ignorance of basic economics. Markets clear. Gas costs what it costs. To argue that there is a "moral cost" to consider, as some on those other lists have been arguing, is silly. Prisoner's Dilemma and all the usual arguments apply.
It's why I'll be safer when I run into Harmon on the freeways. His heirs will appreciate his savings in gasoline for the time he owned his --Tim May

@_date: 2003-01-30 08:04:30
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Who feigned Roger Rabbit? 
I discussed Sematech in my last post. It was, as James says, completely unnecessary. As witnessed by the fact that no significant technologies or methods came out of it...and as evidenced by the fact that no technology startups are being spun out of Sematech. It existed mainly as a "jobs program" for Texas, which was suffering in the 1980s from the Oil Patch downturn (the so-called "neutron buildings" of Houston being a symptom: the people are destroyed but the skyscrapers remained standing"...the joke took on a second wind when the Enron/Dynegy/etc. problems hit recently).
As befitting any jobs program, now there is a "Sematech II" being set up in depressed upstate New York. All the usual pork barrellers are saying it's just what's needed to help terminally ill Kodak!
Do the math.
What can be said to "Tyler Durden," a made-up movie character name who gets his economic theory from "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?"
Mass transit is usually the first thing given up by those with money. It's a form of the demographic transition which is the same reason Malthus was wrong.
Sometime I take a bus when my car needs to be repaired. From my house to Santa Cruz, a total of 13 miles, it takes a minimum of 80 minutes by bus. For a working person, if their time is worth very little or if they just cannot raise the $500 to buy a car and the $800 a year to insure it, then taking the bus is their only choice. But as soon as they can raise the money, they buy cars. Then that 80-minute each way trip drops to 20 minutes. And they can go when they wish, not when the bus schedule permits. And they can go other places the buses don't go (which is nearly everywhere in nearly everyplace I have lived). And so In some dense urban areas, or in certain grid layouts, buses make sense. In which case they don't need to be subsidized. But in nearly all places they ARE subsidized...and they are filled with drooling retards, the halt and the lame, kids, oldsters too feeble to drive, and more drooling retards.
In an area as large as LA, freeways were the only way to let people (with money, which was nearly everyone) get from Point A to Point B. A series of bus transfers would have made for 2-3 hour bus trips in each The Red Line was in only a stretch in the downtown, and pushing out to the recreational areas near the beaches. It was fine for its time, e.g., the 1920s, but of little use once the city expanded in all The newer forms of mass transit in LA are better-suited than the Roger Rabbitt-famed Red Line was, but are still massively subsidized and mostly filled with drooling retards.
I have written so many pieces trying to disabuse people of this notion about going to the moon that I cringe at the thought of writing another The Apollo spacecraft had as its MOST ADVANCED CHIP TECHNOLOGY a technology called "DTL," standing for "diode-transistor-logic." This is the technology which came after RTL (resistor-transistor-logic) and before TTL (transistor-transistor-logic). It is the technology of circa 1961-2, when the specs were frozen and the contracts let out.
It did absolutely nothing to push chip technology in the slightest way.
This bullshit by statists about how the moon landing helped technology has got to stop.
Utter bullshit. Intel is very far along on 90 nm, 300 mm technologies, none of it funded by Big Brother. You will see products based on this before summer.
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-02-25 00:40:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The next time you see someone on TV in a "newsroom" 
Those kinds of backgrounds are, I think, quite reasonable. They're very obviously just backdrops, as the lights don't change, lights at night don't flicker, clouds don't move, etc.
CNBC uses them for San Francisco backdrops...usually the Golden Gate Bridge, or the Transamerica Pyramid, or the Bay Bridge. And they're even clever enough to usually have an "overcast" shot when the day is overcast, a "clear and sunny" shot as appropriate, and (less often for programming reasons) night shots.
I think 99% of the viewers understand that it's just a visual cue to remind those not hearing or reading the intro about where the interviewee is located.
Putting up fake newsrooms is quite another matter, though. I don't recall seeing this static shot of the "New York Times-Washington Bureau" newsroom. It seems like a silly thing to do, to have a photo of a newsroom with nobody in it.
On the backdrops themselves, I'm surprised they're not using blue screen technology. The weather reporters have it, though with a sometimes visible "edge" (which is distracting).
Since the War on (Some) Terrorists is the Wag the Dog War, we may soon be seeing actual faked war footage.
(The best news has been that 100 or so American reporters have "signed on" to wear actual uniforms, to be assigned to combat units, and to participate in battles if need be. This I count as "good news" because it may mean that captured reporters are not held-and-released the way Bob Simon, for example, was in Iraq. This time they may face the same fate other captured enemy face. And it erases any misconceptions that the unquestioning press is actually independent of the military-industrial-media complex. "Fox News -- Fair AND Balanced!")
--Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2003-02-24 06:06:42
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: One Man Against the World 
JFK's father bought him the election. Look at the voting in Illinois, look at his father, the bootlegger. (I have nothing against bootlegging, but the hypocrisy of the Kennedy Clan railing against perceived moral crimes while making their family fortune off of bootlegging and graft is precious.)
Bay of Pigs backfired, so Cuban Missile Crisis was the reserve plan.
Escalating a nonexistent alliance with the Republic of South Vietnam, a cabal of dictators, into a war.
I'm old enough to remember the Kennedy years and to remember how many people thought a bullet ought to end his power grab.
Of course, he was canonized and sainted after his "sacrifice," and so one seldom heard after this death the call I remember from 1961-62: "Someone ought to put a bullet in that bastard's head."
How soon we forget, and how much we have forgotten in this modern era that calling for the kiling of the Chief Criminal used to be a lot more common than it is today. It used to be we knew when bozos needed killing, and we weren't afraid of opining thusly. Today, however, The Criminal Whose Name May Not Be Uttered is uniquely protected from "Someone ought to frag his ass" comments.
I liked it better when we thought "Good riddance!" when the Kennedy criminals were killed.
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-02-03 04:42:57
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Apparently search warrants are not needed to enter property if 
Watching some of the news coverage of the search (from the aptly named Palestine, Texas), it's clear that no search warrants are being gotten for the debris searchers to enter farms, yards, backyards, corporation lands, ranches, etc. The cameras show them simply vaulting fences and looking for anything they can find.
When was the Fourth Amendment and "a man's home is his castle" If a property owner defends his borders with a shotgun, is he shipped to Camp X-Ray?
Fuck this country. Fuck it dead. Osama, we beseech you!!
--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat

@_date: 2003-02-01 20:31:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Who owns stuff that falls onto someone's property? 
Expect the first EBay auctions of debris from the "Columbia" to be a constitutional issue soon. (Actually, the censors at fascist EBay have probably already flagged any transactions which mention "space shuttle" and "Columbia" to be illegal thoughtcrime sales.)
Many tons of debris, scattered over at least three states.
The FedGov is already trying to claim control over the entire debris (Of course, those in the know would be interested in any debris which includes artifacts from Shen Zou 4, the module left in orbit by the Chinese satellite launch, said by Jane's to be a military surveillance satellite, China's first, and said to have been a recovery mission by the three payload specialists on the classified STS-107 misison. The possibility that the Chinese set a 3-kg explosive charge to detonate under accelerometer signals is...interesting.)
Janes.com: "SZ 4 left its orbital module in orbit, where it will operate as an independent satellite for six or seven months, conducting Earth observation (perhaps military as well as civil), science and technical experiments. "
But, of course, such speculations are now banned under orders of HomeSec Internal Security Directorate 117-4, so I am making no such --Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2003-02-01 20:31:16
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Who owns stuff that falls onto someone's property? 
Expect the first EBay auctions of debris from the "Columbia" to be a constitutional issue soon. (Actually, the censors at fascist EBay have probably already flagged any transactions which mention "space shuttle" and "Columbia" to be illegal thoughtcrime sales.)
Many tons of debris, scattered over at least three states.
The FedGov is already trying to claim control over the entire debris (Of course, those in the know would be interested in any debris which includes artifacts from Shen Zou 4, the module left in orbit by the Chinese satellite launch, said by Jane's to be a military surveillance satellite, China's first, and said to have been a recovery mission by the three payload specialists on the classified STS-107 misison. The possibility that the Chinese set a 3-kg explosive charge to detonate under accelerometer signals is...interesting.)
Janes.com: "SZ 4 left its orbital module in orbit, where it will operate as an independent satellite for six or seven months, conducting Earth observation (perhaps military as well as civil), science and technical experiments. "
But, of course, such speculations are now banned under orders of HomeSec Internal Security Directorate 117-4, so I am making no such --Tim May
"Ben Franklin warned us that those who would trade liberty for a little bit of temporary security deserve neither. This is the path we are now racing down, with American flags fluttering."-- Tim May, on events following 9/11/2001

@_date: 2003-02-03 17:43:02
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade 
First, if they are eating shuttle debris, think of it as evolution in Second, beryllium is not much used in the mostly-aluminum shuttle. Web sites say some of the brake assemblies use beryllium and its alloys.
Third, it would take longer for someone who ate a shuttle part to feel sick, due to Be or any other metal poisoning, than we saw on Saturday. I vote for the "sympathetic magic" theory.
(As it happens, one of my first engineering assignments, in 1974, was working on a BeO alternative to Al2O3/alumina for packages. Berylliosis was a concern for the _manufacturing_ of the packages from pressed powder, but touching or licking or whatever the finished packages was not an issue.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-02-03 07:53:48
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade 
The last laugh may be from the lawsuits. Yahoo reports "hundreds" of people reporting sickness, blah blah, from contact with the debris. Almost certainly all either bullshit or sympathetic magic, but the obvious result of the news outlets widely reporting "the space debris may make you very sick!"
Some fraction actually think they are sick, some fraction hope to share in a possible payout of billions by a backed-into-a-corner space agency, and some very, very tiny fraction may have actually touched some component which made them slightly ill.
Dumb fucks, all.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2003-02-03 07:53:48
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade 
The last laugh may be from the lawsuits. Yahoo reports "hundreds" of people reporting sickness, blah blah, from contact with the debris. Almost certainly all either bullshit or sympathetic magic, but the obvious result of the news outlets widely reporting "the space debris may make you very sick!"
Some fraction actually think they are sick, some fraction hope to share in a possible payout of billions by a backed-into-a-corner space agency, and some very, very tiny fraction may have actually touched some component which made them slightly ill.
Dumb fucks, all.
--Tim May
"The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill

@_date: 2003-02-03 02:23:32
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade 
You haven't been reading. Cf. the threads on the Chinese Shen Zou satellite, left in orbit less than a month ago. SZ-4 is of deep interest to the IDF (Payload Specialist Ramon, who is not Mexican) and to the NRO.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2003-02-03 01:40:55
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade 
But, but, but the Israeli Payload Specialist, the Colonel in the IDF who was on the bombing mission to take out the Osirak reactor in Iraq in 1981, certainly was not involved with any kind of surveillance satellite work!
His sole duty was to investigate the effects of gamma rays on man-in-the-moon marigolds.
That's NASA's story...and they're sticking to it.
"Pay no attention to the Israeli Defense Forces spy behind the DOD (Several times in the past we have only been told long after the fact that what had been billed as a "scientific mission" by NSA, er, NASA, was actually a military mission. Given that missions are very, very expensive and usually have somewhat-justifiable mission goals, the fact that this mission had no publically-disclosed goals except "science fair projects" suggests strongly why the Israeli pilot was on this particular mission. And Pakistan may be wondering what the Indian woman was doing.)
--Tim May

@_date: 2003-02-02 18:36:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade 
This same slug has since appeared several more times, suggesting only complete morons and scientific illiterates are manning the control --Tim May

@_date: 2003-02-02 18:19:27
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade your 
Journalists may as well be saying the above, saying that shuttle debris has evil spirits which can come out if the debris is touched.
Part of the dumbing down of America, and of journalism. (I just heard one Fox News anchorbimbo referring to the Russian rocket launched today as "bringing supplies to the space station.)
The journalists are spouting the NASA line that shuttle debris may be "hot" and may have dangerous substances. Right. As if the heat and spinning and 12000 mph turbulence hasn't scrubbed every surface of its What they want is for people not to collect the pieces and hang on to them on their fireplace mantles. Or to try to sell them at flea markets and EBay.
But the only way they think they can frighten people off is to utter obvious gibberish about how the pieces are "hot" and "may be toxic."
"DALLAS (AP) - From corrosive fuels to ammonia-like liquids, insulation and plastics, space shuttle Columbia carried a witch's brew of toxic and caustic materials designed to work in the hostile environment of "Authorities warned the public to stay away from shuttle debris because it could be harmful.
"Perry said either liquid oxygen from the shuttle's fuel system or liquid nitrogen used to inflate the tires could be dangerous. "
Right. Those charred and warped pieces of metal are going to have liquid oxygen and/or liquid nitrogen on them...after the fall and after sitting on the ground (not to mentioned being so "hot," other NASA droids and reporters report).
(Needless to say, any look at the images of the designated officials picking up the bits of debris shows no HAZMAT suits, no welding gloves to deal with the "hot" debris. The pickup crews are just wearing ordinary coveralls and uniforms.)
Last laugh: CNN is carrying (10:06 a.m. PST) an "information" slug at the bottom of a Wolf Blitzer interview: "Columbia was traveling 18 times faster than the speed of light."
Yes, "speed of light."
Speaking of journalists, why does Wolf Blitzer repeat this obvious lie about the metal bits and pieces being tainted by evil spirits? Because these so-called journalists are stooges for the state.
A real journalist would just roll his eyes and say "Look, folks, NASA wants these pieces to be aid in reconstructing the accident. There are no traces of liquid propellants and deadly chemicals on these pieces. And they certainly didn't stay hot for long. NASA is trying to get us to feed you jive so you'll be properly frightened and won't touch --Tim May, Occupied America
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.

@_date: 2003-02-03 07:15:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Say goodbye to the ISS 
The full headers below are how I received the message:
1998/05/13) Sun Feb  2 20:40:39 2003)
Received: from psmtp.com (exprod5mx6.postini.com [64.75.1.146]) by sphinx.got.net (8.12.2/8.12.2/Debian -5) with SMTP id h134WVIk017383 for ; Sun, 2 Feb 2003 20:32:31 -0800
Received: from source ([209.157.136.81]) by exprod5mx6.postini.com ([64.75.1.245]) with SMTP; Sun, 02 Feb 2003 23:32:32 EST
Received: (from majordom by gw.lne.com (8.12.5/8.12.5) id h134PUZq020838 for cypherpunks-goingout345; Sun, 2 Feb 2003 20:25:30 X-From_: owner-cypherpunks  Sun Feb  2 20:32:33 2003
Return-Path: X-Authentication-Warning: slack.lne.com: majordom set sender to owner-cypherpunks using -f
X-Sender: schear
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Version 5.1
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 2003-02-03 07:15:19
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Say goodbye to the ISS 
The full headers below are how I received the message:
1998/05/13) Sun Feb  2 20:40:39 2003)
Received: from psmtp.com (exprod5mx6.postini.com [64.75.1.146]) by sphinx.got.net (8.12.2/8.12.2/Debian -5) with SMTP id h134WVIk017383 for ; Sun, 2 Feb 2003 20:32:31 -0800
Received: from source ([209.157.136.81]) by exprod5mx6.postini.com ([64.75.1.245]) with SMTP; Sun, 02 Feb 2003 23:32:32 EST
Received: (from majordom by gw.lne.com (8.12.5/8.12.5) id h134PUZq020838 for cypherpunks-goingout345; Sun, 2 Feb 2003 20:25:30 X-From_: owner-cypherpunks  Sun Feb  2 20:32:33 2003
Return-Path: X-Authentication-Warning: slack.lne.com: majordom set sender to owner-cypherpunks using -f
X-Sender: schear
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Version 5.1
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 2003-02-03 17:09:05
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Self-destruct in SZ-4? 
First, don't think "atmosphere" qua atmosphere, as the satellite was likely under vacuum most of the way down.
Second, I would do the self-destruct with accelerometers: if several accelerations are felt, detonate.
--Tim May
"They played all kinds of games, kept the House in session all night, and it was a very complicated bill. Maybe a handful of staffers actually read it, but the bill definitely was not available to members before the vote." --Rep. Ron Paul, TX, on how few Congresscritters saw the USA-PATRIOT Bill before voting overwhelmingly to impose a police

@_date: 2003-02-04 02:21:58
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: Shuttle Humor, Risk Estimation 
That's what they _reported_ later that they did in the past...there certainly was no public announcement that Keyhole satellites were being tasked to look at the shuttle tiles.
One might assume that they did in fact look at the tiles this time around, noted the damage, reported to Admiral Poindexter the "toast" conclusion, and  that was that.
Had the landing gone OK, we would have been hearing about how NASA had verified that little damage had occurred.
Now, it's "we didn't have a chance to look, but even if we had, there was nothing anyone could do, so we didn't look."
(Of course, there is _much_ they could have done, including coming in at a more westerly landing site, either Edwards or White Sands. Or, with about 10 days of advance notice, Atlantis could have been ready for launch and rendezvous to take the crew off, and perhaps even to transfer fuel to let Columbia go into a higher parking orbit until repairs could be arranged.)
But the ostrich was strutting and now NASA is dying.
--Tim May
"Dogs can't conceive of a group of cats without an alpha cat." --David Honig, on the Cypherpunks list, 2001-11

@_date: 2003-02-10 18:56:45
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Trap guns, black baggers, and "Arlington Road" 
With USAPATRIOT and HOMESEC REICHSPROTEKTION acts authorizing black bag jobs, break-ins, planting of evidence, keystroke-logging, administrative rubber-stamp warrants (no judge, just a GS-8 or higher saying "Go for it!'), it's time to revisit the issue of trap guns and booby traps.
How about an audio warning to computer tamperers? "You have 10 seconds to clear the area before this computer detonates."
Then, at the nearest door or sliding glass window, a rigged shotgun to decapitate those furiously trying to escape.
(For safety reasons, interlock the shotgun or detcord with the alarms on the computer.)
I expect the increase in black bag entries and break-ins is going to produce a few major court cases soon. What happens when a homeowner surprises a covert entry team in his house and a gunfight ensue? (With no warrant being shown to the homeowner, he cannot be said to have knowledge (scienter) that the apparent burglars or home invaders were actually "authorized.")
A similar theme was in the Cypherpunks-required film "Arlington Road" a few years back. (Check your video store, though I don't see it often on cable or in the DVD bins, so it may have been deemed by the studio to be too close to the truth for public consumption.) A so-called "white power" compound is being trespassed-upon by BATFags and narcs, sneaking up on the compound without display of a search or arrest warrant. The residents think they are being attacked and start shooting. Many agents (Of course, at the end of "Arlington Road" even more evil doers are eradicated. Recommended before a trip to the desert to shoot.)
--Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams

@_date: 2003-02-24 22:43:37
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: Re: The next time you see someone on TV in a "newsroom" 
And I notice that hanging on the wall to the right in the photo is the "New York Times -- Baghdad Bureau" photo. "All the news that's fit to And to think some people still think we actually _did_ go to the moon at one time.
(P.S. I wonder how long it will be before publishing a photo debunking someone's Potemkin Village is a violation of the DMCA?)
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael
