
@_date: 2005-03-04 05:40:20
@_author: Terry@bensvcs.com 
@_subject: Quit Smoking in 2 weeks - If You Don't Stop You Don't Pay. 
DO SOMETHING TO HELP YOURSELF -
QUIT SMOKING IN 2 WEEKS! YOU CAN DO IT.! (If you don't quit -
you don't pay!)
The FINALSMOKE System was designed to help you conquer
all aspects of your smoking habit. It's powerhouse proprietary ALL-HERBAL FORMULA is the very backbone
of the FinalSmoke System.
It removes your cravings to smoke and relieves the symptoms
with nicotine withdrawal. In less than 14 days, you will be
completely Smoke-Free,
and on your way to healthy living.
 <--- TO QUIT FOREVER! (If
you don't quit - you don't pay!)
Read a few testimonials -
"I Love Your Product!!!
I have smoked for 40+ years, and I quit cold turkey.
Basically, I took Final Smoke, and a couple of hours later tried
to smoke a cigarette. But I was absolutely sick from it!
I now can keep up & enjoy my grandchildren without coughing &
Thank You!!!" - Mary T. Goddard, KS
"This system works!!! I've wanted to quit smoking for some time
but the physical cravings always kept me back; but with this
my cravings were gone, and now so is my awful habit!!" - Kai E.
Clinton, NY
 <--- TO QUIT FOREVER! (If
you don't quit - you don't pay!)
"I was skeptical when I ordered your product.
I was a smoker for 32 years and had tried EVERYTHING. On April
at 12:00pm, I finished my last cigarette in my LAST pack. After
taking the first 2 pills,
I have not touched another cigarette. On March 15, 1991 I
turned 35 years old.
6 days later I had a severe heart attack. After in the hospital
for 9 days I walked
out and started smoking again. I sat with my dad for a year
till he died of Lung
Cancer in 1997 and I still smoked even as I watched him waste
Until I started Fina lSmoke I felt that within 5 years I'd be
dead and gone.
But now I FEEL ALIVE again. More energy and even happier than I
have been in years.
And I owe it all to you and your great product. You have
changed my life forever
and for that I can never repay you. Thank You." - Ronnie
Davenport Oklahoma City, OK
"Exactly What I Needed..." This is a great system! I knew
cigarettes were packed
with poisons but I didn't know just how many or what kind there
were! The Final Smoke capsules were the best. Every time I lit up a
I threw it away before half of it was smoked, usually only 2-3
It made me feel sick and nauseous to smoke these poisons!
This is exactly what I needed to help me stop! I've been trying
to quit for the past 7 years, I tried everything under the sun
with no results.
With Final Smoke I was smoke free in under a month!" - E.
Okamura, Hawaii  <--- TO QUIT FOREVER! (If
you don't quit - you don't pay!))
Don't want to be contacted again? Do not reply to this email.
Copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele.com/nrmm.htm Computer Technologies
848 N.Rainbow Blvd.
Las Vegas, NV 89107GkEompyhkwytbevBodiknwoCmzcUi
moral sweetish connivance crumble whether caramel federal.
sanders syndic amateurish consensus cia grayson mastiff.
ccny miscreant repentant congressmen plumbago deconvolve like.
completion camelback gershwinGkEhfirzdprmtwoBhvbdgphCfsuUi jackie slat.
dingo cubic pronounce actinic stylus fiefdom elution.
card venusian marketplace excursus honoraria hippocratic botulism.
agee puffy adulterate pickford barley dreyfuss wondrous.
actinometer whitehall lipton verity bouncy assassinate business.
