
@_date: 2005-01-17 09:25:50
@_author: "Steve McAnulla" 
@_subject: LOW COST / HIGH QUALITY WEB DESIGN - We stay within your budget! 
I thought I'd see if you would be interested in my services.
My name is Steve McAnulla. I am a graphic designer that has built my reputation by creating websites and custom graphics for people with smaller budgets. I would like to offer my services to your business because I think we could both benefit from doing business together.
I create completely unique, quality websites at a very low cost. Most of my sites fall in the range of $500 to $700 and are rich with features. My portfolio is online at  . There you may also take a quick look at what my customers are saying about my work, and view the finished products for yourself (using the link above). You may also contact any of my customers for a reference.
My turn over rate is expedient!
I have made sites for Hollywood special effects companies, musical artists, jewelry stores, sporting events, giant music festivals, talent agencies, bed and breakfast lodges, ... and a lot more!
DO YOU WANT TO RANK HIGHER IN THE SEARCH ENGINES??? If I were to design / re-design your site I would also submit your website to all of the major search engines and over 1,000 business link directory websites for no extra charge. This action can generate a substantial amount of extra traffic to your site. I can still provide this service if you are happy with your current website.  I charge $50 per website submitted or $20 per month on a monthly submission subscription. For more information on subscriptions, please visit our sister site at  .
If our web design services sound like something you would be interested in, please visit my website at  for more details.
Thank you for taking time to read this, and I hope to hear back from you soon.
Steve McAnulla
*** This message is an advertisement for CustomGuru.com and complies with the Can-Spam Act. If you in any way feel this email is spam or wish to be taken off of my mailing list, please reply back with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject. If you do this, you will receive no further emails at the address the request was sent from. We will keep a log of your address to make sure that it is not emailed to again by CustomGuru.com. Our contact info is: (785) 838-8964, 2551 Redbud Ln  Lawrence, KS  66046
