
@_date: 2008-09-28 22:07:27
@_author: "Josh Albrecht" 
@_subject: Re: (micro)payments for anonymous routing in Tor? 
The network overhead is pretty small.  Payments are only sent every N
packets, not every packet, and the number of extra bits needed for the
coins is not excessive.  It's possible as you say that the total
throughput might not be increased by this incentive scheme, but I
think that is unlikely. More people would probably run relays if they
got something in return (whether that is money or faster access, which
are sort of interchangeable here)
Actually, I think that the issues of reduced anonymity/higher speed
and whether you run a relay or not are directly related.  Nothing
forces a relay operator to use the faster bandwidth that is
accumulated by his relay if there is a fear that it will make him less
anonymous.  Alternatively, he might wish to take it out in the form of
a monetary payment (instead of faster service).  Similarly, a client
could get super fast access by paying, and so the partitioning
actually breaks the set of users into those going for speed, and those
striving for more anonymity (as opposed to clients vs server
However, you are right that, depending on how this was implemented, it
could partition the network into fast/slow user sets that might make
it easier for some attacks.
I think that people would contribute unpaid bandwidth to the network
for the same reason that they do now (altruism), especially if it were
the default setting (how many people really change the defaults?).
However, I see the incentives (bandwidth/monetary) as important to get
lots more people using Tor in the first place, which would hopefully
increase the total amount of free/unpaid bandwidth available through
the network.
I agree 100%.  I'm not at all proposing that the developers add this
in to Tor, they definitely have more important things to be working on
right now.  But I think that this kind of work is important for
further into the future--incentives (whether they are monetary or
performance-related) are going to be crucial to scaling the Tor
network.  And scaling the network is important for everyone's
security.  Without wide adoption of Tor, there are a lot of attacks
that are very easy against the network, and the lack of public
understanding and recognition makes it more likely that Tor could
suddenly become illegal in more and more countries.  So, I just think
that scaling is going to be very important, and we should be thinking
about what that will entail now, so that we can start thinking and
planning for it.
Thanks for the comments everyone.
 - Josh

@_date: 2008-09-25 05:07:34
@_author: "Josh Albrecht" 
@_subject: Re: (micro)payments for anonymous routing in Tor? 
The Jondonym project seems to be accepting anonymous payments without
huge hassles [1]   It also seems likely that there will always be SOME
sort of anonymous way to pay.  Cash isnt going to disappear anytime in
the near future  ;)
How to ensure that paid traffic is prioritized is a good question.  It
might not even matter whether they prioritized or not as long as the
speeds were good.  If clients selected servers based on speed, then
servers with higher bandwidths could charge more, and it would be in
their interest to prefer paying clients, because they would gain more
that way.  Also, there's no significant incentive for a relay to NOT
prioritize payed traffic, because they don't really gain anything by
doing that, do they?
However, if Tor clients started selecting paths based on speed and not
anonymity, it might introduce new attacks.  The anonymity issues that
this scheme faces seem very similar to those mentioned here [2].  They
don't seem impossible, but they are complicated.
That's true.  I think it would be neat to see someone implement it.
Are you referring to this [3]?  I wonder what ever happened with that...
 - Josh
[1]  [2]  [3]

@_date: 2008-09-24 07:44:39
@_author: "Josh Albrecht" 
@_subject: Re: (micro)payments for anonymous routing in Tor? 
This came up on IRC as well.  Someone pointed out that the paper's
assumption of "honest but curious" banks might not be valid (ie, the
bank might cheat).  However, there are a few counter-arguments to that
that I see.
For the S-coins, it will be immediately obvious to a relay that the
bank is cheating, because the relay can validate whether the payment
is good or not on its own.  For the A-coins, the answer is trickier.
The relays can still check the validity of the payment, but the client
could be "double-spending".  If the bank pays A-coins even in the case
of double-spending, the bank can never cheat.  The downside is that
anonymous clients can then cheat to get slightly more value for
A-coins than they put in.  This is a serious problem because it would
allow the client to pay multiple relays that they control, essentially
duplicating their money for free.
Thus, the bank must decline all payment for double-spent A-coins, or
at least allow only one payment for any A-coin.  However, clients can
still validate that the bank is not cheating by withdrawing and
depositing A-coins at any time in an attempt to catch the bank
cheating.  This is more of an economic argument--the bank has an
incentive to maintain user trust so that it can continue to do
business.  The value gained by cheating some users of A-coins would
likely be less than the expected gain from NOT having to worry about
the risk of someone demonstrating that the bank is cheating.
Also, the values at stake are:  1.  very small, and 2.  greater than
the current profit of zero for relay operators.  It's not that relay
operators have to rely on Tor for their financial security--they
could, with this scheme, make some modest amount to cover their costs.
 No single relay operator should ever have a significant amount of
money in the system that could possibly be at risk.
I think your first question was about how to ensure that giving
priority to certain traffic does not introduce any new attacks against
anonymity?  In that case, I'm not sure, but it is not at all clear to
me that this would decrease anonymity.  Does anyone see such an
As for the second question, I think it was:  what prevents relay
operators from choking off all unpaid traffic, in order to maximize
profits?  As an answer to that, I'd say that not much prevents them
from doing that.  Perhaps there are anonymity benefits to allowing
unpaid traffic as well (since there would be more ambiguity as to the
original source of the traffic).  There might also be ethical benefits
to allowing unpaid traffic, ie, much the same motivation for the
current operators of Tor relays.  Finally, if this were the default
behavior, novice users would be unlikely to change it, and that alone
might be enough bandwidth for unpaid users.
Thanks for the thoughts!
 - Josh

@_date: 2008-09-23 04:55:50
@_author: "Josh Albrecht" 
@_subject: (micro)payments for anonymous routing in Tor? 
What did people think of this paper?
The basic idea is a scheme for micropayments between relays in the Tor
network that does not create any new attacks on anonymity than already
exist against Tor.  Obviously we wouldn't want a network that forced
people to pay to use it, but maybe if relays gave slightly higher
priority to payed traffic, it would be an incentive for more people to
run relays?  (running a relay would earn you faster service from other
relays, basically)
Another objection is that there are legal difficulties when someone
starts getting paid to relay traffic.  Maybe if users had the option
to donate their "earnings" to a charity of their choice if they
couldn't or didn't want to accept payments, that would alleviate some
of those problems?
What are some other objections?  Would people be opposed to seeing
something like this in Tor?
Josh Albrecht
