
@_date: 2011-03-06 17:06:29
@_author: Thierry Moreau 
@_subject: [cryptography] Reliably Erasing Data From Flash-Based Solid 
Thanks for this pointer. I had a look at it, very interesting. The explanations of the SSD storage technology are well written.
Basically, SSD controllers have a (kind of) garbage collection process acting on its own, e.g. when the device is powered on. This is useful for the user. Law enforcement agencies are losing the ability to recover deleted files as arguable court evidence. Nothing "catastrophic" since the deleted file recovery feature is by accident in the other storage

@_date: 2011-07-17 19:40:26
@_author: Thierry Moreau 
@_subject: [cryptography] OTR and deniability 
I didn't look at the details of this incident/case beyond the discussion on this list.
However, it appears that the two questions in the last paragraph below are sufficiently doubt casting for challenging the electronic evidence as a reliable account of a conversation using electronic means.
Thus, the OTR protocol (including detection of re-keying exchange) would appear to have the indirect result of reporting tampering-in-the-loop. Maybe not as a specific design goal, but as a consequence of cryptographic processing which makes everything more error-prone.
Just my 0.02 cents.
- Thierry Moreau

@_date: 2011-08-19 14:41:35
@_author: Thierry Moreau 
@_subject: [cryptography] Smart card with external pinpad 
May I suggest another point of view on the question ...
An external keyboard for PIN entry in a smart card has the *stated* goal of "keeping the pin from being accessible at the host to which the reader is connected." If this goal is met, then the two factor authentication principle (something you have / something you know) is never directly accessible in the "host".
The definition of "host" is almost irrelevant since it is (almost always) vulnerable to malignant code. This obviously raises the question of the external pin pad protocol/API, but it is a slightly broader question than the one asked.
Similarly, the application on the host is outside the scope of the question.
If there were devices meeting the stated goal (commercially available with a reasonable cost structure), they would be a very useful security solution element for high security contexts. The user guidance would be: never enter the PIN anywhere else than on one of these devices. Gone the phishing threat!
About the answer to the question with the narrower point of view, it really depends on having access to the design and implementation details and being able to make a security/technological review.

@_date: 2012-05-28 13:08:31
@_author: Thierry Moreau 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh	traffic? 
Please Peter, a little rigor in the arguments would help.
Since the SSH servers need *only*your*public*key*, then the "ten different Internet-connected multi-user machines" are not those SSH servers the admin of which would have made the request to turn to client PK for SSH.
If you chose to roam into different (and as insecure as you wish to support your argument), it's your decision as a SSH client user. With the low selling price of small single user system, you could also dedicate one as a SSH client console and make it a) intermittently connected to the Internet, b) single user for all practical purposes, c) little vulnerable to Trojan horse, d) having only the software you selected for the job, e) ...
Unless automated SSH sessions are needed (which is a different problem space), the SSH session is directly controlled by a user. Then, the private key is stored encrypted on long term storage (swap space vulnerability remaining, admittedly) and in *plaintext*form*only*momentarily* for SSH handshake computations following a decryption password entered by the user. If you have to fear keyboards grabbers, you fear them for "line-noise passwords" as well.
Maybe you want to argue that PK authentication is an HMI nightmare and comes with misleading security claims derived from an obscure theory of operation. Fine. But in the case of SSH authentication, the PK alternative allows security-minded remote system operators to enjoy a secure remote console.
I don't understand why you would chose to handle your encrypted SSH private key in a lousy way. But it seems inappropriate to assume that better ways are not feasible.

@_date: 2012-06-05 13:46:38
@_author: Thierry Moreau 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] can the German government read PGP and ssh	traffic? 
Hi Peter,
Replying on the thinking process, not on the fundamentals at this time (we seem to agree on the characteristics of PKC vs else).
Agreeing about the survey findings, if we think towards a solution (or some form of improvements), we may focus our attention on the PKC characteristics benefiting to the one third of PKC users that are not that bad in private key protection.
Agreeing that this magical thinking is indeed operative (not only in IT security, e.g. a Judge accepting blindly the conclusion of a forensic expert irrespective of arguments by the opposing party), the association you made with SSH (which is a neat PKC implementation devoid of PKI endless complexity) is what triggered my reaction. Would you extend the association to PGP usage? Would you extend the association to Lotus Notes as another PKC user community (  )?
The temptation to consider IT security "a done deal" exists with every mechanism, we should also agree on that.
Good IT security solutions based on PKC may exist despite of the temptation. I further opine that SSH using PKC may be part of reasonably good IT security solutions, and the temptation will still exist.

@_date: 2013-02-07 20:56:41
@_author: Thierry Moreau 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] "Meet the groundbreaking new encryption app set to revolutionize privacy..." 
One design aspect seems missing from the high-level discussion: how do you define the security mechanism failure mode? You have basically two options: connect with an insecure protocol, or do not connect at all.
If it's a life-preserving application, this question should be addressed explicitly. A "fail safe" system may be either way, but stakeholders should know which way. Airplane pilots are trained according to the failure mode of each aircraft subsystem. E.g. if two-way radio fails, the pilot may remain confident (from an indication on the cockpit) that the air traffic controller (ATC) still sees the aircraft identifier on the radar (see Wikipedia entry for transponder) during the emergency landing. Thus the decision to land at the major airport (instead of a secondary airport with less traffic in conflict but lower grade facilities) is taken based on the "fail-safe" property of the aircraft-to-ATC communications subsystem.

@_date: 2016-03-21 23:47:11
@_author: Thierry Moreau 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone 
If the USG preferred no ruling on the arguments presented, they would not behave differently.
If the FBI needed a good forensic tool created for them more than they need the data on this specific iPhone (as I initially guessed), the risk of a bad ruling for them would be a major step back in their creative procurement of forensic tools. Hence the USG would prefer no ruling.
- Thierry Moreau
cryptography mailing list
