
@_date: 2014-03-21 21:42:32
@_author: Jane 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] Compromised Sys Admin Hunters and Tor 
Not to intrude onto a finely crafted discourse, but I saw nothing
particularly damning with regards to the brief Dingledine gave to NSA.
Talking to NSA politely != installing backdoors into people's stuff. He
didn't say anything we did not know, and the only revelation, as far as I
am concerned, is that NSA people are apparently allowed to use emoticons in
documents. Way to look professional, guys.
As to the original question, you have got to weight the "gravity" of using
TOR versus complexities needed to thwart local adversary's attempts at
finding out whether you are using TOR.
Basically, if your cryptoparty is somewhere in EU or US, and the activists
in question are mild-mannered folks who aren't "high profile targets" in
any way, you guys would probably do good by just using plain TOR (and
running nodes, though asking to run exit nodes might be asking for a bit
too much commitment)
If one is a high-profile target or operating in conditions where TOR use is
dangerous in and on itself, it might be prudent to rent a VPS (come on,
it's just $5 or so nowadays!) and use it as a SOCKS 5 SSH proxy (Windows
users can do this via putty), since TOR client can be configured to use a
SOCKS proxy between itself and the rest of the net, and Putty (or any
equivalent SSH client on your OS of choice) can set up a SOCKS5 on
localhost and forward all traffic directed at it through the server SSH
client has connected to.
The setup will end up being Alice>SSH_proxy>Remote_machine>TOR>Bob.
Since a local adversary can not get access to the VPS and can only observe
the connection between Alice and the VPS (which is an SSH connection), it
will remain largely oblivious to the fact that Alice is in fact using TOR
(and there are perfectly pedestrian reasons for having an SSH connection to
a remote machine)
The VPS provider will, of course, be able to learn that something TORish is
going on, but won't be able to decrypt traffic.
Thus, you now have plausibly deniable TOR as far as a local adversary is
Main caveats -
choose VPS provider and server jurisdiction very wisely.
also, if a break-in-and-search happens (can happen to hi-profile targets),
TOR (TOR bundle, one would assume) is still installed locally (which isn't
very plausibly deniable), but management of evidence on local machines for
high-profile activists is a very different and way more contrived subject.

@_date: 2014-03-27 06:47:56
@_author: Jane 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] To Tor or not to Tor? 
Dear Mr. Young!
Could you condense your fairly complicated narrative into something more
manageable and practical?
Are you suggesting, mayhaps, that we should abandon any system that may
have faults (either intended or accidental, and it's quite apparent that
any human-engineered system will at the very least have accidental faults) ?
