
@_date: 2001-09-24 22:08:02
@_author: "Thomas Leavitt" 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Re: FC: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: 
I'm tired of hearing my fellow Americans referred to as cowards, weaklings, sheep, ignorant, easily mislead - this is a profoundly undemocratic sentiment, the same kind of crap spewed by totalitarian and authoritarian types from the far left and the far right as justification for abandonment of the democratic process and the use of force to impose their ideology on the rest of us.
It is the cry of someone unwilling to do the hard work of actually speaking to their fellow and convincing them of the rightness of the cause being professed; the frustrated rant of someone who is convinced he or she has "The Truth" on their side - the same opinion shared by Timothy McVeigh, Osma Bin Ladin, and folks of a similar ilk.
I won't deny that I think our government is unduly influenced by factions (from certain labor unions to untold numbers of corporations) with financial and other interests at stake, but my answer is to become a more dedicated citizen, to work harder to educate my fellow citizens and elected representatives about what I think is right and just.
I refuse to give up on our way of life, my fellow citizens, or to write off my government as completely and irredemably lost. To do so is criminally irresponsible, in my view.
I encourage everyone to read this book - it says more about the strengths and weaknesses of this country (and more importantly, the "cowards" and "weaklings" who make it work) than anything I've ever read. It is written by an Arab-American and a profound patriot, someone whose life represents the American dream in all it's glory and gore.
America, More Than a Country
by Salom Rizk
Book Description
Salom Rizk, author of this autobiography, was born in 1909 in a tiny poverty-stricken town in Syria. Two brothers and an uncle in Iowa paid his passage to the United States, but he arrived penniless, homeless and with no knowledge of the language. The story of his incredible experience in self-education and his rise to one of the most sought-after and inspirational speakers on American lecture platforms is contained in "America, more than a Country."
The Chicago Tribune
"This is the kind of book you pick up to skim through and find yourself reading every word avidly...It's excellent to read aloud to the family -much more effective than pompous essays of freedom."
Thomas Leavitt
Thomas Leavitt -- thomasleavitt ICQ Wired since 1981. Internet enabled since 1990. Web enabled since 1993.
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-09-25 07:52:07
@_author: "Thomas Leavitt" 
@_subject: Re: Democracy is our enemy 
Thank you for replying.
Yes, the ignorance of our representatives is sometimes frightening - I think a remedial course in civics, American history, and basic constitutional law should be mandatory for all elected officials at every level... and yet, the system as a whole continues to function, at some level, and I can't say I'd prefer to live anywhere else.
There is a element that folks like the gentleman you respond to below ,have which reminds me of the more arrogant and self-righteous of the folks who surrounded me in college: "The system is bad, straight through, therefore we must tear it down completely, and rebuild it."
They want a nice clean tabula rasa, nothing so dirty and complicated as an actual system inhabited by real live human beings who refuse to behave in the way they should. And they are focused on destroying the "bad" system, with very little idea of what would be erected in it's place, much less any thought as to what messy process might have to be gone through to come up with a new one that is acceptable to the people made to inhabit it.
As for condemning democracy to the "dustbin of history", well we know what happened the last time someone did this:
Dustbin of History, the
A handy phrase made famous by Leon Trotsky. The Second Congress of Soviets was being held in Petrograd when news of Bolshevik seizure of power was announced on 25 October (7 November, New Style) 1917. With this decisive turn of events, the Mensheviks and other left groups decided not to participate in the Congress, and as they were leaving the room where the Congress was being held, Trotsky taunted them by proclaiming -- truthfully, as it turned out -- that they were well on their way into the dustbin of Personally, I'd rather avoid a repetition of the resulting socio-historical Thomas Leavitt
Thomas Leavitt -- thomasleavitt ICQ Wired since 1981. Internet enabled since 1990. Web enabled since 1993.
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
