
@_date: 2013-07-27 12:39:44
@_author: tz 
@_subject: Re: SSLegance 
Perhaps the best way would be an indicator that PFS is active.
Think EV cert - they push that blue is safer than green.
If Chrome and Firefox and others simply would try PFS first and indicate in
a conspicuous way, like EA certs, that "you are safe but could be safer"
v.s. "Safest possible", it must help push adoption.
Perhaps the best way would be an indicator that PFS is active.
Think EV cert - they push that blue is safer than green.
If Chrome and Firefox and others simply would try PFS first and indicate in a conspicuous way, like EA certs, that "you are safe but could be safer" v.s. "Safest possible", it must help push adoption.

@_date: 2013-07-26 01:01:46
@_author: tz 
@_subject: SSLegance 
For the interim, the solution might be to have an extension that
besides pushing PFS (and alerting when it doesn't work) would cache
the Cert hashes or more and allow a browser (e.g. firefox) to run with
all CAs as untrusted, but then do a verification on a per-site basis.
The big hole in web page security is that there is the web page, then
there is the extra info like javascript and css.
So, for example,  might be accepted, but
 is in the background ready to rewrite
the entire page.
And the page will be broken until you manually "view source" and open
a link and allow the cert/CA/page for the

@_date: 2013-07-28 21:16:29
@_author: tz 
@_subject: Stronghold, revisited 
Way back when I was writing SSLeay encrypting proxies so Lynx could use
them, there was a commercial product called StrongHold.  I apologize for my
insufficient memory.
However much of the problem with forcing browsers to update might be solved
with an encryption proxy (on a raspi if needed).
For those who are too young to remember, during the "crypto is munitions"
period where the source to strong crypto needed to be sent via FAX,
Stronghold was a proxy that would take ordinary sessions (or I assume 40
bit - yes, 40 bit, that was "export" strength) crypto on the browser end
and transform it to the maximum strength on the remote end.
IE apparently has some problems with PFS.
One way to maybe fix this is to create an encrypting proxy that would do
full strength, PFS encryption and remove the other weaknesses, and run on
the local machine or LAN (if that isn't secure there are bigger problems).
And it would refuse or at least complain if the strength wasn't up to
snuff, and could itself add things like cert/CA validation management -
trust on first time and the rest as options.
If I had a box (DD-WRT?) that would warn me if something was amiss, I would
be in a better position.
