
@_date: 2014-10-31 12:41:05
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Facebook brute forcing hidden services 
Hash: SHA1
tl;dr You can now log into facebook via a Hidden Service.
- -T
So Facebook have managed to brute force a hidden service key for:

@_date: 2015-08-20 06:04:26
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] M.Hearn adds privacy depriority to Bitcoin XT, calls your Tor/Proxy/etc use "unimport 
Hash: SHA1
Aka he is being a bit of a twat. Nothing we didn't already know, see
the top comment:
I suspect he run the tor "exit" only allowing bitcoin transactions to
monitor them, fortunately the network won't treat it as an exit unless
he runs ports 80 and 443 afaik or some such combination.
I think we as a community need to give some kind of response. This
seems a very underhanded way of dealing with it, allegedly solving the
scalability problem with no mention that this is a proactive measure
against the libertarian roots and in some ways, parts of the reason
many users actually use bitcoin.
As a side and personal note, I think this falls right into the hands
of Tor's rebranding attempt of the "dark web" "dark net" "insert other
such term here". Attempting to add some kind of seperation is dividing
and trying to space Tor from these places where really, it won't ever
accomplish this as articles will always contain phrases like "Accessed
using the Tor browser". While I understand that from the view of
ensuring the continuity of government grants by being aware of public
perception of the project, it also I feel restricts how candidly Tor
can comment on the privacy ecosphere as a whole. Many attempts have
been made and still are being made to get places to be friendlier to
Tor users, and now this flies right in the face of these efforts. I'd
argue we as a community do not sit idly by but investigate ways to
raise awareness and object to this in the bitcoin community.
If Tor sought to do some kind of hard fork equivalent to block
bitcoin, everyone would be up in arms, so I hope the reverse can also
be true and that Tor Project doesn't get PR sensitive over people
screaming "BUT OMG YOU ARE SUPPORTING THE DARKNET". If those baffoons
come around, please do send them to somebody more diplomatic than me
as my patience only lasts so long once they choose to ignore facts
clearly stated in FAQs.
