
@_date: 2014-10-24 23:56:05
@_author: Rich Jones 
@_subject: Re: CITIZENFOUR 
Russian gov is not nice. Though it's kind of lucky that it has to do rather nice things to piss US gov off. Sent from my iPhone

@_date: 2015-04-08 22:34:19
@_author: rysiek 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks Digest, Vol 22, Issue 6 
Loosely related to Mike Ingle's mention of Twister and Bitmessage - made me think of Secure Scuttlebutt  based on gossip protocol. Sent from my iPhone

@_date: 2015-04-25 20:04:56
@_author: Georgi Guninski 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks Digest, Vol 22, Issue 38 
RE: Cypherpunk Kidz
 Such a good point about "yellow submarine graphics". I didn't want to reply to the whole list, just wanted to say that it's a really spot on remark.
Kids are not idiots.
I'd rather come to a Minecraft server as a kid and as an adult. There are some good MC projects for learning code. Nothing with security twist though I came across.
Barclays is cool, ok, but, I wasn't sure what it has to do with Cypherpunk Kidz - it's not so much about security and encryption? We're up for setting up a Minecraft server for this purpose - learn code & security. Let me know if anyone would be interested to join: I can chat about it in detail in separate thread.  - any thoughts? Also - multiplayers so make good live streams. Sent from my iPhone

@_date: 2015-08-30 12:36:59
@_author: CTFC 
@_subject: Re: Augur: blockchain based internet prediction market 
Eh, how come it's uses Ethereum chain and money is in btc? Can't be right.
??? May be in Ether? How is it possible to put btc on Ethereum chain? And, even weirder, take them out?

@_date: 2015-09-10 07:19:21
@_author: Lodewijk andré de la porte 
@_subject: Subject: Re: Bitnation system. Looks interesting. 
It seems like there's a confusion between contracts and cryotocontracts?
Everyone loves ideas that Bitnation put their brand on. Exactly. Proof-of-existence. I don't understand what it has to do with Bitnation brand. Someone just wants to look cool. What exactly Bitnationare building? Yes. Obligations can be explained. Still people go to courts and dispute contracts. These are text. Contracts which go on the blockchain have nothing to do with legal contracts. Parts of the text (legal) contracts can be hooked to a smart contract I guess. I guess if a married couple has a dispute over digital property or btc in a wallet, let's say a script can manage it, but how the script (smart contract) will know who in this particular dispute did what. Even with no details and subtleties involved.
Ideas are nice. They're not necessarily coming from Bitnation. Proof of existence, or Blockchain ID for example were existing ideas which had functioning prototypes. They just don't make it sound grandiose. Bitnation has a claim to be a software project and afaik has a presale of a currency - either premined or non existent - I don't remember. I'm fine with that type of crowdfunding if there is some sort of product or a service behind it or an attempt to build it. I don't think that contemporary art project should pretend to be a software project or pretend that it can realistically offer serious services or replace existing ones. It's cool as a concept project.

@_date: 2015-12-01 18:15:14
@_author: ksenia serova 
@_subject: Cryprocontracts hackathon 1-5 Dec online peepshow style 
There was a lot of digital ink spilled over the topic of smartcontracts. If
anyone is interested to have a look at them contracts (in Solidity) being
built and deployed to the chain live - there is an online smartcontracts
hackathon here  for the next 5 days.
People usually use npm packages to compile and web3 package to send a
contract to the chain via http rpc or lpc socket. In this case it is a bit
of a smartcontract peepshow -each team IDE is open for viewers. Will be
interesting to see what comes out of it, and what challenges people are
actually experiencing etc. The registration stays open towards the end, if
anyone wants to give it a go.
