
@_date: 2004-03-09 01:22:55
@_author: Tim Niemueller 
@_subject: Re: [Users] Announce: FreeS/WAN Project Ending 
Hi FreeS/WAN folks.
I really like this project and I'm using it for myself (home <-> university city) and some companies and it really works great since a long time (about four years now). I really do not want to see this project dying.
I can partly understand the frustration about the minimal adoption of OE. But the REAL problem for OE is that there is no easy way to use it as a standard end user. I have a dialup connection. The connections I'd really like to see secured are connections to other dialup users (VoIP chats with my friends, intranet IRC etc.). But especially with those situations you get into trouble since you usually do not have access to your IP DNS information! This is why I used the ipsec_monitor after messing around with OE... I just didn't get it to work... A semi-secured way with automatically exchanged keys would be a first step in my opinion. This way you could create secure connections like the ones you can establish with self-signed SSL certificates. Of course this does not fit strongest security considerations, but it would be a start until we find a better solution...
And: What are nine months? I really know that you did a lot of work for FreeS/WAN and if you are tired of it: OK. But if you really say that you stop this project only because after nine months OE does not yet dominate the world's IP traffic I really cannot understand.
I guess I have not followed the development cycles of FreeS/WAN enough to know what kind of "marketing" you have tried lately... But my tries with OE were just disillusioning. In my experiments it was not yet working good enough to be useful to my purposes (dyn IP to dyn IP, no harm to unsecured connections).
If you say that you do not see any reason for continuing FreeS/WAN because Linus has choosen another implementation for the 2.6 kernel I say let's go with that implementation and get OE working with it! Of course geeks love their code but if we have learned one thing in growing the free software community then that sometimes we have to start over to get better software (or good software adopted by many people by getting it easier to use and deployed with standard distros)...
I would really like to hear some clarification of the core coders if they are _really_ tired of the project (this would really mean that it is over if nobody else takes over) or if they are just demotivated because the community let not "feel" them enough of their support and courtesy. I bet this is something many on this mailinglist would love to work on...
Comments welcome,
