
@_date: 2015-06-21 01:05:42
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: POC || GTFO 08[.pdf] 
SHA256 (pocorgtfo08.pdf) = MD5 (pocorgtfo08.pdf) = 257fc8f01fa20e21f8bd5577639ff596
Massively in-depth and usually low-level, but generally very informative.
There are the rest of them, if you're new to these.
This email/fax message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution of this email/fax is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please destroy all paper and electronic copies of the original message.

@_date: 2015-06-16 19:36:08
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: =?UTF-8?B?xI1yeXB0byBpcyBmaW5pc2hlZC4uLiBhbmQgaXQncyBhYm91dCA=?= =?UTF-8?B?dGltZSDDlyAoYWxzbzogJ 
In theory.
Let's come down to the realm of things we run into in the wild.
Figments of theory-crafting because someone thought of a certain attack vector is not what anyone concerned about real life issues considers a It's an academic exercise.
If you want to theory-craft, expand on the RSA infiltration. Pre-computed elliptic curves seem to be the next forefront. Are the capabilities of agencies up to par with what we know and throw at them. Brute-forcing is, after all, anyone's game.
I'd like people to look into the intellectual wasteland that is the mobile phone industry. Those are vectors that the intelligence community has about full control over. Not your dumb-ass VGA card.
I simply don't get why people that own a phone worry about things that are not even remotely proven to be an actual issue.

@_date: 2015-06-15 18:30:39
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Kid gets 15y for ISIS Bitcoin, Adults get Facialed at Download 
Well, first off it is commonly known that aiding and abetting a known terrorist group is a crime anywhere. Especially if it's one no one with disreputable hobbies like ISIS.
Secondly, I'd like to present the following hypothesis: the actuator or the currency used to procure whatever an ISIS-fighter might want or need will take the form of US$ in exchange for some commodity.
But I won't digress on that point. What is important is if governments are so easy to point out that things beyond their control are so nefarious because they themselves are unable to control it, I'd like to suggest that they start by controlling streams of goods and services that they themselves are contributing to the prolonged existence of ISIS.
We, the informed community, all know most of their equipment comes from sponsors that are nations that would persecute this very person for aiding and abetting. Where as when a member of U.S. Congress or the CIA lend a helping hand to the "resistance" in the form of war-materials and supporting services it is considered but a faux pas.

@_date: 2015-06-17 12:59:52
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Free Advice for FBI/OPM/NSA/DOE: full-disclosure hardware 
Has anyone ever established or tried building trust model with any of these producers? It's rather hard to invent that wheel. I've heard that setting up a foundry is quite a bit of work. And in today's environment it is a significant advantage to produce community vetted hardware. So we might be able to get a solid business model behind this.

@_date: 2015-06-17 23:57:35
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
I know you don't smoke lettuce.
I concede to that point.
Dude, that is racist. I think. Calling all Americans cunts. Such a big geographical area too. North, South.
So, I happen to know a few people that are marines. They don't like killing and are generally very agreeable. Would you like to meet one?
Basically anyone you actually get to meet and say hello to. What do you think they are? Big bad bulky continuously angry men?
Okay, lets try Bakunin, because for a guy who does not no anything about Anarchism I sure know about him. He claims to "organize from below, through local structures interlinked on a federalist basis". I agree with Bakunin on this point. It also happens to be a form of direct Can also be considered to be a government without stretching the term in any way.
Oh, crikey, federalism is a form of government.
Oh fuck, it is mainly used by a horde of anarchist writers :D
Yea, all hail the state. The great provider.
No no, I'm not dishonest. It's just that you're polarizing. You can't find an individual to blame like a proper anarchist. So you blame a group. Like a fucking Nazi.
Well, that's a stretch since, well I can type my fingers raw with anarchist examples of governments, either in literature or in actuality.

@_date: 2015-06-17 23:35:54
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
It was a rhetorical question; no they did not come up with a binding resolution. That is how the UN enforces policy. Binding resolutions.
So, my point is, what is the point of having international laws that no one is willing to enforce.
There is no ignoring plain facts. You just did not get it. Stop smoking

@_date: 2015-06-17 23:10:34
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
I thought that DynCorp was Blackwater re-branded. But they are something totally different! Revenue in 2010 was 3 billion. Wow. Business must be I wonder what it is that costs 3 billion. From operational income of 120mil in '08 to 3 bil revenue in '10 means what? With 17.000 employees they are about as big as the CIA. So, maybe, if they reserve 2 bil for paying them employees, so they they pay pretty well; around 120k. The rest is write-offs on their 1.5 Bil in equipment. Which takes about three years. Sounds about right. Leaves about 400mil for operations. Basically moving stuff, and acquisitions.
WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
That reminds me of a guy I knew. Big guy. Ex- Blackwater employee. Nice guy. Told me that they go to war because they had too much equipment and bullets and stuff. Inane, right?

@_date: 2015-06-17 21:33:27
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
So did they pass a resolution as such that I'm unaware of?
Is there an international court that is willing to persecute?
And also because first and foremost the U.S. does not acknowledge The Hague. But the EU does acknowledge US laws. Which is nice.
So, did they pass a resolution or not?

@_date: 2015-06-17 20:28:47
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
You're conflating a bunch of things.
You can't have a criminal organization without crime, which require illegality, which requires laws which require a governing body. A government usually does not declare itself illegal so, no, it's not going to be a criminal enterprise.
You're just being pedantic.

@_date: 2015-06-17 18:38:46
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
I think that for the most part we're on the same page. The only thing is, is that, there is a reason a lot of these things happen the way they are decided upon by impressionable people basing their decisions based on wrong information. Or people trying to prolong the status quo.
And the way I get  exposed to things are different. I'm not trying to cloud the issue. It's just that you don't want/can/able to see what drives (bad) decision makers.
I actually do know why certain decisions are being made by investigating usually the person who made them.
A great example is the current head of the the Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen. I have predicted how she is going maneuver current policy and what she is pushing for by reading her husband's research with a 100% accuracy. No magic involved. And I don't even understand the economics behind it, or her or her husband's reasoning!
And I'm absolutely sure they don't either!!! Because it makes no fucking Anyway, sorry for my digression, but I'll tell you anyway. She and her husband have convinced themselves that there is a hard correlation between minimum wage and inflation. And instead of controlling the inflation by in or decreasing the money supply they raise the minimum wage. Which increases unemployment. But at least controls inflation.
So she is a-ok to fuck over a bunch of Americans in order to control inflation. Because unemployment is not a controlled variable in her big experiment. TA-DAH. Now I can argue until my hands fall off with you on how that is A-OK or NAY-OK. But this woman is like three times my age it seems. Much better looking and soft-spoken unlike me. So. We'll just have to fucking stick with her no-solution.
So the straightforward reason is hereby given. The alternative is raising interest rates which will crash/panic Wallstreet. Now I could go give you a straight-ass-forward reason as to why Georgy Herbert needed money for fighting in Guatemala, but you'd say it is a bad reason and it gets us nowhere.
I just suggest they defund the CIA for those particular programs that are retarded. CAN WE HAS NO MORE CONTRAS PLEASE.  Can we agree on fucking just that. CIA let them go back to solely intelligence and let the federal police or the military take care of the rest. Which is something they are currently doing anyway.
No, and I'm no hypocrite either, because I understand you fully. Regardless, a hypocrite usually has a valid point. That is why people don't like 'm. You can concede to the point I'm making without entertaining my world view.
That is rude.
Yes. I agree.
Eh, who cranked out the machinery that won the second world war again?
I don't speak about a moral high ground.
How about stop referring to yourself as a peasant. Members of Congress, your King or Queen or representative maybe shit and piss like the rest of us. The main difference between you and me is that you hold these big institutions to your own standard.
I don't expect the CIA to operate on my watch.
Maybe. But all that abuse of rights got you things like Google (could not have existed under European privacy laws), Apple (Foxconn), NASA (Nazi scientists), IBM (more Nazis), Microsoft (US-centric patent abuse, unfair business practices). I.e.: You can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs.
And I don't share your sterilized worldview where everything outside of the U.S. is so humane and everyone has the best intentions. Actually, it's quite the opposite.
Yea, I'll put that on the list-- right next to the second coming of Jesus.
Yea, if you think that Thomas Paine was nice but he is everything but a popular guy, so forget it. Most of them were slave owners with such ancient antics that I'd have to severely paraphrase them in order not misconstrue their intentions or how they really thought about the world.

@_date: 2015-06-17 17:44:09
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
Ah, I stand corrected. Anyway, I think this is BAD.
Yes, my government is not what I would put in power. But I don't have much influence (any, really) over who and what get's chosen around here. So, to assume that I have anything to do with it is stretching reality a bit. But you're welcome to shoot them a mail and tell them how you feel about all of it.
Or come and tell 'm in person. The U.S. is wonderful place, safe to travel. You make the appointment and I'll buy you a beer after you've had your disappointment.
So, it's not like I 'let' them. I am  not the one they ask how I feel when the CIA decided they want to torture or murder Harry, Mo or Barry for information. They don't even bother telling me really. And to be honest I think they'd rather keep it a secret from me.
And remember that chart of US military bases that that other guy put up. Who is 'letting' them really, because even if it was me, and it isn't. It would be me and everyone else. Because there is such a thing as vested interests. And as the saying gos: Rome wasn't build in a day. But it sure as hell burned down in one.

@_date: 2015-06-17 17:18:59
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
Civil liberties actually supersede religion. In very much the same way that my God supersedes your Civil Liberties. I get what you're getting at but I don't agree. Ah, "Civil Liberties" we could could treat them as semantics but really, they are quite the pillar of society and a lot more tangible and concrete to which a religion is not a particularly grand substitute.
"bars, bedrooms, backrooms, staterooms, drone cubicles, Third Worlds, Fourth Estates and Fifth Dimensions."
I like that arrangement of words. Is it yours? Can I have it?

@_date: 2015-06-17 16:31:00
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
Really, I did not know that. And this yet another reason as to why Congress needs to stop paying their bills.
Making it sound awesome like you just did is not what I'd hoped for however :D
\m\ METAL CONFETTI /m/

@_date: 2015-06-17 15:41:58
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
No, we know that it's not necessarily in the best interest of stability, people outside of the U.S. or the U.S. for that matter. Apart from creating a unipolar world. And how the status quo serves the U.S. Which, not unlike smoking cigarettes causes cancer but reliefs my anxiety. Not saying that the CIA causes cancer. But I'm also not saying that the CIA functions in the best interest of the US. But I don't even think we want to have this discussion.
Yes. Agreed.
Not much of a government then eh? This is mostly semantics. As a non-ISIS-supporter I'd like to see ISIS' governing body overthrown and their constituents heading in a different direction. But yea, that might mean your principles take a hit.
Simply not true. Transgressions yes. But to put it like that is polarizing the issue. How many pin France as the steward of the Vietnamese conflict?
How many pin the ECB as the steward of growing inequality in Greece? Cases of kids fainting from malnutrition? With all their economists they could not reliably tell Greece was never fit to join the Monetary Union?
Europe's unilaterally dropping the ball on Ukraine, and in very recent history, Kosovo.
Yes, great starting point.
Actually, more specifically it's a concentration of power in the hands of a few (1?) individual(s).
European diplomacy works only because of NATO. And NATO  is U.S. Firepower to put it bluntly.
The fact that Putin understands that projecting power without repercussions is so delicious. You really want to be at the mercy of a that person? Talk about concentrated power....
"The World" is very good digging it's own grave.
Surely, you understand why they did this? There is a perfectly good rationale for running these kind of operations. It's just that you're miffed about the fact that you're not able to do anything about it.
So if you're part of some impotent government that does not know how to, or wants to project power, instantly you're at the mercy of institutions of governments that can. No amount of tree-hugging or moral high ground is going to save you from extinction.
And it's not all that bad. It's mostly power-play and politics really.

@_date: 2015-06-17 12:53:55
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
So, you have no knowledge of all the details of the CIA's actions, but you are sure that they consist of violations? Is that right?
By the way, the CIA is under congressional oversight. That is where accountability ends. They don't have to explain themselves to you.
How effective is this oversight? I think the vast majority Members of Congress in general do not have the cognitive skills to understand the issues that the CIA creates. Let alone come to an agreement on how to handle the agency.
To summarize the problem: the CIA is has about 20.000 employees. Which is substantially bigger then in the 1950s where they had maybe about 4-5.000. They are an intelligence office. They started out gathering intelligence, gained intelligence gathering capabilities and now have capabilities to operate independently to some extent for some years.
Now, we know they spy on Congress. Manipulate congress. Overthrow governments. Steer elections. But who controls them? With no oversight they basically do 'whatever' and 'whatever' is quite a dangerous thing to do. Now, in hindsight, I don't care if they go around the world and bully people into playing nice. But that is besides the point.
The problem is the culture. Recent breaches of security contractors have shown that information technology information gatherers (ITIG) employs a lot of clowns. Like you, you want a polarized version of the world where the CIA is bad. Just bad. And by your own admission you don't even care what they do, you are just looking to punish them. That is not a data driven assessment, it's just operating on assumptions. Which is what the U.S. Government's foreign policies are based on. Which is why I know that either a. the CIA does not hold it's information gathering capabilities to a professional standard, or b, they listen to clowns.
And this brings us back to the CIA who is SUPPOSED TO JUST FUCKING BE MIDDLE MANAGEMENT. Instead they gave middle management a gun and told them to go fix things in the world. Middle management has always been decorated five U.S. flags, with sprinkles with red white and blue and enough U.S. jingoism to fill a stadium. I.e. it created the CIA.
Now I assume, as a Congressional committee, that every time you ask the CIA for a report on a foreign issue they do a little sing and dance and ask for more money to go solve it. Because the following things are *always* valid: a. They can claim they have limited capabilities to get men on the ground. and b. With the right people and equipment and amount of cash Congress does not have to send in the military if things get really nasty if they solve it for them.
Other then that I don't think people working for the CIA are that different from the majority in that they polarize the world to preserve their sanity: They want every Arab to be bad. And actively want to know everything about them, just to make them look bad. They know that ever Congress Member or committee might not vote in their best interest, so everyone needs to be manipulated.
And if I had a track record of overthrowing governments, fixing elections and operating with impunity overseas because foreign governments *allow* them. I'd be feeling pretty awesome about myself too. All the while they are operating under the grace of congress.
This is not the only institute that grew out of control in the United And the fact that I don't sleep well is that even if I printed this piece of text on a piece of paper and went around congress and tacked it on each of their foreheads it would not change anything. It is just that to be make a person aware of a problem does not give them the skills or knowledge to deal with it.
And really, all congress has to do is take the gun away from middle management. This ofc is a bad analogy. I believe everyone should be able to carry a gun if they please.
Yes. I like my country. I has lots of nice people.
Considering what you said about the problems with nationalistic think in your last paragraph I take this as an admission you're well versed in I don't need a stronk Russia. Russian culture is not conducive to how I'd like people to run things. Emphasis on people. Not the government.
The Ed event would still have happened. It is just the retarded notion that to be make a person aware of somehow gives them the insight to deal with it.
I frankly don't care. I just don't want them to have the ability to muck things up. Because it kinda proves they have issues. I don't mind them doing good for the wrong reasons. It's doing bad for the right reasons.
The CIA has very well funded issues. VERY WELL FUNDED... VERY WELL... VERY... WELL... funded? And if they don't get the funds directly they start running dope and sell guns.
So, CIA's issues are a domestic issue. So I'm pointing my finger at Congress. And since this is a democracy I'm kinda limited to the rule of the majority.

@_date: 2015-06-14 23:07:34
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
I'm highly critical this news. Think about it, what is the intended benefit of coming out with such a discovery.
It's like proclaiming to Germany that we broke the Enigma-code during WW2.

@_date: 2015-06-21 21:28:21
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Google has been stealth downloading audio listeners onto every computer that runs Chrome 
How do I find out what program is listening to my microphone?

@_date: 2015-06-22 02:31:58
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: Be alert - signs of Russian invasion may be strong 
Here, conventional fool-proof armchair analyses of Russia's sad attempt to to cover it up. Anyway, forensic analyses is still under way. We'll know what happened eventually.
Full report  proving without reasonable doubt that the Russian version of the story is made up. The image verification narrowed it down to Photoshop version they used to cook the evidence with.
There are over a million supporting images, video and documents that support the claim that it was in fact  a Russian BUK SAM-launcher system.
The supporting evidence is so thorough, complete with the identity of the supporting logistics brigade. Complete with selfies from Vkontakte, the Russian facebook. So yea, even the Russians are apparently very much aware of what they did. The service men are obviously dumb enough to blog about it.
So, yea, there's that.

@_date: 2015-06-24 14:48:39
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: U. S. A.! A-me-ri-cah, f--- yeah! - How to rule the world, U.S. style 
Sorry. I'll try to reply in once sitting next time-- in the hope that it'll be more concise and to the point. No promises.
Again, my bad. I'll take my multivitamin as prescribed. Nobody should be tormented in such a way. Makes me very self conscious to think that I might read like Slavoj Žižek's earlier lectures.

@_date: 2015-06-24 14:11:42
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: U. S. A.! A-me-ri-cah, f--- yeah! - How to rule the world, U.S. style 
I read the motorcycle diaries-- and loved it. I have not read Lysander.
I squarely base my assumptions on you being incongruous. And I'll have you know-- every man is a sum of it's experiences. So I can tell quite reliable where people are from. You are, if only partly, a product of your own government.
Maybe. But I'm pleased I was right. I wasn't sure I was right. Again, incongruancies (has a red squiggly I don't know how to spell it). Everyone talks shit non-sequitur. It triggers something in my brain (anger mostly) and I sort people by who they are based on that. It is one of my things.
Not necessarily true. You'd be surprised which people I consider functionally illiterate (not in the actual meaning, but diminished ability to convey information in writing etc.). Usually conflict areas are great places to look for people who can actually put two and two together and subsequently rely on language to convey critical information that is generally more particular and less generic. Which develops certain language skills. So far, the best all-round experience I had concerning people and their functional literacy: Albania, Finland, South Africa, Denmark, UAE, South South America. Great experience with Afghan refugees. Just to name a few. The Swiss. Singaporeans. But overall not mainland Europeans.
Mainland Europeans are over all a hit or miss. In Spain just about no one speaks proper English.
The average European. Even though they have a rudimentary understanding of the English language a lot of them can't formulate a sentence to save their life. They rarely have any deeper understanding of idiom BECAUSE it resembles their own language. Also they fuck up the prepositions.
No. You're a disgruntled individual. You work for yourself.
Cypherpunk-ness for me comes mainly in the form of using crypto so secure my data and the information of others. Good examples are, I can run a VPN to access my documents remotely-- but I could also use sftp. Which is easier to implement? Arguably SFTP. Added bonus is that my RSA certificates can be used to auth for both implementations.
I encrypt client data with my public PGP key on a public server. Prefer the KISS model to cyber security rather then adding layers. VLAN? retarded. VPN? retarded (most use cases). Why do we (I) use these tools? Because the attacker, in my case, which usually comes from overseas are individuals looking for stuff to break into. CC numbers. That sort of And most of my problems originate from India and China. Not that that is a reliable statement since we all know that the perp can be in Djibouti for all we know. But not very likely because most people don't care that much for OPSEC. They are not governments. 404s on my server: 70-80% originates from India/China. Port scans are almost all from India.
And what really grinds my gears is that with shit standards like PCI compliance most payment gateways in the U.S. are 100% open.
EXAMPLE: if I use my CC in a particular mall at a particular store, one month from now I get a call from the bank and have multiple $1 test charges of people guessing my CVC code. It had to happen 5 times before I could connect the dots. And it's all foreign malicious attacks. No We need crypto to get in there and secure my transactions. Regardless if you think that CC companies are the square root of all evil.

@_date: 2015-06-24 01:39:21
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: U. S. A.! A-me-ri-cah, f--- yeah! - How to rule the world, U.S. style 
I think Cathal's comment was a general remark. It did not necessarily concern you.
I think you're South American. Your rhetoric squarely puts you there. Overly defensive on the subject of projecting power. Blatantly anti-American (rhetoric only, if you'd ever find yourself living here you'd find yourself a lot less radical and carry yourself a bit more You are very sensitive on the subject of being run over by a foreign power indicates a permanent identity crisis (Argentine) as to where you fit in the world of things.
Your over-sized ego i.e. taking things personally that are actually a general remark is quite a cultural trait. So is calling people by name instead of addressing the issue.
Everything North of Chile  sans Bolivia has common sensibilities towards the Government. Brazilians are not that outspoken, better at diverting and quite introverted. Bolivian culture is more refined and does not call out people like it's taking a piss. That makes you Chilean, Argentinian or Spanish.
You're not European. Your English is too good.
And my guess is Argentinian.

@_date: 2015-06-23 23:27:47
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: U. S. A.! A-me-ri-cah, f--- yeah! - How to rule the world, U.S. style 
Juan, you just put yourself up as an unsolicited reference for COINTELPRO. Good Job. Juan Garofalo.

@_date: 2015-06-23 21:46:58
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: Re: U. S. A.! A-me-ri-cah, f--- yeah! - How to rule the world, U.S. style 
Well, I guess Juan's rhetorical question is voicing my concern that crazy-people political rants are not what I sought when I subscribed to this mailing list.
Stop talking in blanket terms as 'propaganda' please, have you seen what ISIS PR came up with for this summer? Maybe Zenaan can cry next about their border inviolability next
Maybe you'll get inspired by people being shot in a car with an RPG, or the explosive necklace or drowning in a cage. Fun Fun Fun.
You can discuss the nature of western governments all you like. As long as an argument is well put together I and others will listen and won't even complain. Zenaan's stuff is neither.
Well, and in addition of bringing things to the table that are way out of bounds, I also happen to disagree with just everything that Zenaan has to say.
Zenaan not believe Russians are operating in the Ukraine.
Zenaan conflates ethnic cleansing of an ethnic minority with international politics.
Zenaan is tremendously biased towards a lot of issues.
Anyway, I've got a pretty sweet solution to this:
If you're running spamassassin on your mail server add the following rule in /etc/spamassassin/local.cf
body        ZENAAN_CAUSES_BRAINROT   / Harkness/i
score       ZENAAN_CAUSES_BRAINROT   5.0
describe    ZENAAN_CAUSES_BRAINROT   cpunks.org mailinglist IDS (Idiot Denial System)

@_date: 2015-06-24 16:31:00
@_author: Tim Beelen 
@_subject: [HunchLab] Predicting Crime in Miami 
This is how it's pitched to the community:
FTA: The Miami police currently is using COMPSTAT, which does not predict where crime will happen insofar it tells you where it has been taking place. In addition they will start using HunchLab at some point.
An associate professor from Florida International University, Rob T. Guerette is expected to become their local expert on this piece of software. The person who wrote the grant for it is Lt. Sean MacDonald.
The article claims that similar software has "... helped prevent and stop property crimes, and is now being tested on gun crimes."
Which makes me curious as about the kind of heuristics that they are using.
HunchLab apparently produces maps showing small areas where specific crimes are likely to be committed.
This is not a new turn of events, as Miami-Dadeâ€™s robbery division uses IBM's Blue PALMS to solve cold cases. The software connects to a database of every crime ever documented by Miami-Dade police. Detectives enter the details of an unsolved crime and the program produces a list of 20 suspects.
Now the part of the Nuevo Herald's article that cough my attention is the moment that it starts speculating about it's effectiveness.
The last few sentences juxtapose the potential volatility of it's predictions with who is responsible for it's "effectiveness".
HunchLab uses a wider dataset than the rough equivalent PredPol. Annotated with the official final statement that the tool will only be "...as good as the officers using it."
Putting the burden of proof of it's effectiveness squarely on the shoulders of the officers forced to use it. Which is, in my opinion, ridiculous. Since the software is supposed to predict the crime and not the other way around.
I highly suspect that it grabs a bunch of data, normalizes it for the use with a map and starts looking for some correlation coefficient and then looks if it's statistically significant. I.e. it's a null hypothesis-- exactly what Larry Samuels, CEO of PredPol tries to warn them about expecting weird results. Since that is exactly what you get when you grow your dataset and statistically analyze the date using correlation coefficients + phi.
Anyway. Who build this software? And what does it do?
