
@_date: 2003-06-28 22:55:49
@_author: Thor Lancelot Simon 
@_subject: Re: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
This problem is old and well-understood.  It is why there is work
in the IETF to combine the acquisition of a DHCP lease with the
acquisition of an initial IPsec SA to integrity-protect that
It's not easy for me to see why anyone would expect anything *but*
that MITM attacks against client systems that are entirely
configured by DHCP would be practical.  If the DHCP client and
server share no cryptographic guarantee of trust...
..oh, I'm sorry, I forgot that the anacephalic have fallen for
"you can magic up trust out of nowhere" about ten times in
succession in my immediately previous area of work, 802.11. :-)
Where I used to work, at ReefEdge, we disposed of the 802.11
security garbage and used a TLS-based solution that was not
entirely unlike PIC, dispensing temporary credentials for use
with IKE to users based on their legacy authentication.  As the
designer and maintainer of this system, I became *very* cognizant
of DHCP-based and DNS-based attacks, and very skeptical of the
sort of proposal someone brought be every few days suggesting
that some later establishment of a trust relationship could
overcome a successful MITM attack on one of the early stages of
the client's "boot up and get SA" negotiation.
(of course, I also became very skeptical of many other folks'
"use legacy credentials to bootstrap IKE" techniques; there
are implementations out there in widespread use which default
to only authentication methods that are trivially MITMed, and
at least one I can think of that _can not be configured_ to
do standard IKE in a secure way.  Ouch! But the simultaneous
IKE and DHCP proposal I read a few years ago at the London
IETF seemed pretty sound.)

@_date: 2010-07-14 07:35:29
@_author: Thor Lancelot Simon 
@_subject: Re: Intel to also add RNG 
I couldn't say, as regards AMD's chipset RNG.  Intel's, however, was on
an optional component of one of their motherboard chipsets.  Many
motherboard vendors chose to buy that component from other sources, who
implemented something register-compatible to the Intel part but with
the RNG register not actually connected to a random number source.
Worse, when Intel increased chipset integration and pulled the optional
chip "into" one of the host bridge chips, they did the exact same thing.
The basic problem was that the register indicating presence-of-RNG was
not on the same piece of silicon (originally) as the actual RNG.  So the
register really indicated only that this Intel chipset *was capable of
interfacing to the chip with the RNG on it*; nothing more.
Worse, a lot of people read noise -- but not really random noise --
from those notional RNG registers and persuaded themselves that since
the output wasn't continuous, there must really be an RNG present.

@_date: 2013-09-08 19:55:52
@_author: Thor Lancelot Simon 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Techniques for malevolent crypto hardware 
Well, I guess it depends what your definition of "blatant" is.  Treating
the crypto hardware as a black box, it would be freaking hard to detect,
no?  And not so easy even if you're willing to go at the thing at the
gate level.  You could end up forced to examine everything attached to
any of your crypto chip's I/Os, too, and it goes rapidly downhill from
When we build protocols that have data elements we *expect* to be random,
and rely on cryptographic primitives whose outputs we expect to be
indistinguishable from random, we kind of set ourselves up for this
type of attack.
Not that I see an easy way not to.
I also wonder -- again, not entirely my own idea, my whiteboard partner
can speak up for himself if he wants to -- about whether we're going
to make ourselves better or worse off by rushing to the "safety" of
PFS ciphersuites, which, with their reliance on DH, in the absence of
good RNGs may make it *easier* for the adversary to recover our eventual
symmetric-cipher keys, rather than harder!
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-09-08 19:10:45
@_author: Thor Lancelot Simon 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Techniques for malevolent crypto hardware (Re: Suite B after today's news) 
I'd go for leaking symmetric cipher key bits into exposed RNG output:
nonces, explicit IVs, and the like.  Crypto hardware with "macro" or
"record" operations (ESP or TLS record/packet handling as a single
operation; TLS or IKE handshake, etc.) offers ample opportunities for
this, but surely it could be arranged even with simpler hardware that
just happens to accellerate both, let's say, AES and random number
The cryptography mailing list
