
@_date: 2001-09-29 14:20:25
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Ex-UK Home Secretary blames crypto lobbyists for hijackers (1) 
Wasn't there an attempt by the prevous gov't to try to introduce key escrow
in a bill before RIP?
I forget what the bill was though.
Although I can't see Labour supporting a Tory bill, I wouldn't be suprised
if Straw did...
No one has yet been able to explain to me what Straw is doing being a member
of the Labour party,
he seems to be more right wing than most Tories.
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Ken Brown
Sent: 28 September 2001 17:41
Jack Straw, the previous UK Home Secretary, sounded off about encryption
and the law in a radio interview this morning. He seemed to blame
"naive" libertarians for watering down laws and preventing security
people from spotting the hijackers. He wasn't very coherent on the
matter. Naive libertarians of my acquaintance haven't yet worked out
which law he meant - it can't be RIP which wasn't in force when the
suspects were in Britain & would have made no difference anyway. Maybe
it was the Human Rights Act, of which Straw was a strong supporter? He
also thinks his opponents should have changed their mind.  Perhaps we
would if were were as forgetful as he seems to be.
Ken Brown
Posted to UKcrypto by Ian Miller:
The Straw interview with Sue MacGregor (in RealAudio format) is on the
site at
This is a 16 minute clip.  The Straw interview starts 5 minutes in
The first six minutes were largely about his recent diplomacy and, in my
view, generally good sense.  The following transcript is from 11:49 into
the click until the end of the interview at 13:45.
Now you talk about eleven terrorists coming passed through here, I
understand that may be true, but I would also like to make this point, I
would like to ask you on the Today programme and other journalists to
your mind back to the approach that all of you were taking before the
eleventh of September.  I can tell you and look at the record whenever I
was arguing in favour of tougher anti-terrorist powers or tougher powers
for example to de-encrypt commercially encrypted e-mails I was told that
this was a breach of civil liberties, almost that it was the end of
civilisation as we knew it and that it was completely unnecessary and
beginning of Big Brother society.  What I was doing and those who were
supporting me were doing was to say "hang on a second we live a
MacGregor (interrupting):
It wasn't this programme that was saying that, just to clarify, it maybe
people on this programme put that point of view.
But there is an issue of the culture of journalism.  You of course very
often are a mouth piece for the prevailing non-governmental
and I understand why.  But I am just saying the prevailing mood was all
way, that this was Big Brother government.  It wasn't Big Brother
government.  It was government trying to put in place increased powers
that we could preserve and sustain our democracy against this new kind
threat.  Let me just give you one example, Sue.  We needed to take
so that we could de-encrypt commerically encrypted e-mails and other
communications. Why?  Because we knew that terrorists were going to use
this.  What happened?  Large parts of the industry, backed by some
who will now recognise they were very naive in retrospect said "you
do that" and the pressure was so great that we and in the United States,
used to talk to Jane Reno the then Attorney General about this, we had
back down a bit.  Now I heard people say "Why are these terrorists
Well the answer is not because of any lapse by the intelligence or
services or the police but because people have had a two dimensional
of civil liberties.  The most fundamental civil liberty is the right to
life, and preserving that and sustaining that must come before others.
Foreign Secretary, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.

@_date: 2001-09-28 09:56:19
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: Airport facecams useless - The Register 
Well this is quite encouraging.
"Anyone offended by the Orwellian implications of using face-recognition
technology to scan airport crowds for terrorists can take heart in the fact
that the technology is, quite simply, worthless in that situation.
As an authentication tool, used in controlled settings, face recognition has
real value. But even here we can expect a false acceptance rate (FAR) of one
in 250, according to biometrics outfit FaceKey. "
"'Limiting access to secure areas in airports would be a perfect application
for biometrics,' Starkweather says.
But in uncontrolled settings, such as we'd encounter in a surveillance
context, the performance of face recognition falls to absurd depths. "

@_date: 2001-09-26 22:20:32
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Re: Muslims and Christians Stand United 
The unfortunate effects of smoking too much crack?
Sent: Wednesday, September 26, 2001 7:01 AM
martyrs in
Asses to

@_date: 2001-09-24 16:21:50
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: crypto in Pakistan punishable by execution 
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of mmotyka
Sent: 24 September 2001 17:03
That's a relief! You know my hearing isn't everything it used to be - I
thought they said Hackensack.

@_date: 2001-09-14 12:33:50
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Re: Google Search: state sponsored terrorism 
I doubt many terrorists would describe themselves as such.

@_date: 2001-09-25 12:33:04
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Cryptic  Gibberish Page 
Clicking around for a bit, it looks like it's generated from random bits of
websites. Most odd.
I think it may be an attempt to emulate  and the
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Blanc
Sent: 25 September 2001 08:34
Does anyone on this list know what this page is about:
My email name is on it; does their system pick up words randomly from the
net to be used for their communications?
   ..

@_date: 2001-09-26 22:20:51
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: RE: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Thats cute, but depending on jurisdiction, you may have to inform he/she/it
if they are being recorded, or open yourself up for a wiretapping charge.
Do they have to be recorded? Surely it's just to convince them that they are
dealing with a recording? No recording of them involved?

@_date: 2001-09-27 18:46:46
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: The Ominous New Power Of Loose Lips 
I can't help wondering whether Mr Greene has heard of telephones.....
I believe they've been around for a while.
The Ominous New Power Of Loose Lips
By Bob Greene
They did it with scissors.
According to newspapermen who covered the European front in World War II,
is how military censors often made certain that copy sent back to the United
States by war correspondents contained no information the U.S. government
not want made public: The censors literally cut the offending passages out
the typed-up pages before the stories were transmitted back home.
As the U.S. enters into these uncertain days, there is a lesson in that.
Because the world itself has been utterly transformed technologically since
those "Loose Lips Sink Ships" years. Loose lips do, indeed sink ships -- and
bring down fighter planes. Military forces hope to approach enemy targets in
Which is going to be immensely difficult in the battles to come. In each
secrecy has been incrementally harder to maintain. Vietnam was often called
first television war -- and even though the pictures were not live, the
immediacy of film footage had an enormous effect on the public's feelings
about the war. Americans saw warfare and death through a TV camera lens.
didn't like it.
Which was no surprise to the government. In World War II, U.S. military
routinely banned American newspapers and magazines from showing photos of
soldiers. It was only after Life magazine convinced the government that to
publish a particular photo of American soldiers who had been killed on a
would help readers back home understand exactly what was at stake that the
 censors relented.
In the Gulf War, many old-time veterans were outraged that the U.S. military
command was giving regular, internationally televised briefings. If the
American people could hear and see what the generals were saying, so could
enemy. It didn't seem to matter -- that war was concluded quickly.
Now, though, we are in new territory. Putting aside the question of whether
21st Century reporters can be persuaded to hold back information, there is
unprecedented complication.
(If the concept of reporters holding back information is foreign to you --
you assume reporters would never do that -- then you only have to look back
the 1930s and 1940s, when the American people did not know that Franklin D.
Roosevelt used a wheelchair. Press photographers did not shoot pictures of
in the wheelchair; print and radio reporters never referred to the fact. Try
to conceive of that now: a president spending much of his time in a
and the public does not know because of a gentlemen's agreement among the
But the new complication has nothing to do with any gentlemen's agreement.
has to do with the Internet -- and its ramifications for troop movements.
Even if all accredited war correspondents were to agree to keep their mouths
shut about troop movements, much of the world today is hooked up to the
computer network. You may have noticed that President Bush, in his address
the nation last week, referred to a Web address where relief donations could
sent. Think about the newness of that: a president, preparing his people for
war, giving out an Internet address with the implicit knowledge most of the
public would understand it, and be able to use it.
And the U.S. troops aboard the ships heading for foreign waters and possible
battle -- some of the troops, in interviews as they left their bases here,
that they planned to stay in touch with loved ones by using e-mail. Just
So . . . in our very different world, how does the Pentagon -- or the
command of any of our allies or enemies -- make certain some private citizen
somewhere in the world does not notice warships or warplanes, notify someone
somewhere who is deeply interested in just such information . . . and give
secrets that can cost lives and lose battles? Put the traditional press
for a moment -- how do commanding officers keep anything silent in a
where instant communication is a keyboard tap away? Where anyone with a
computer can get the news out faster than Edward R. Murrow could ever count
Scissors aren't going to be of any use this time around. Loose lips have a
potential power they never did before.

@_date: 2001-10-28 15:44:30
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: web.archive.org Internet archive to open ---google +  archeology 
Excellent idea as the wayback is it really doesn't seem to capture anywhere
near as wide a range of pages as google, and it also seems to be straining
under the weight of requests. the number of internal server errors it
generates is absurd, especially considering the size of some of it's
perhaps a google mirror that was archived periodically would be a better
-----Original Message-----
Sent: 27 October 2001 04:37
It's not as outrageous as you'd think.  100GB drives are around $200,
which means that a terabyte will cost you about $3K if you throw in a PC
and some networking gear to connect it, so you could replicate that
in your basement next to your DES-cracker for about the same price -
the more expensive problem is getting the fiber optic connection
from the Presidio to your basement to keep it updated.
More to the point, recent news articles say the Feds have been
getting Google to delete things for them.
         Anybody know what's been deleted, and whether it's still in Wayback,
and whether we can get copies out into the public before anyone pressures
Brewster Kahle?

@_date: 2001-10-25 17:10:34
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Re: web.archive.org Internet archive to open ---google + archeology 
Thats fine, I've got a 100TB server in my attic you can use if you want?
point taken though.
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of James B. DiGriz
Sent: 25 October 2001 17:01
Way cool. It needs to be mirrored, though. Single point of failure/distribution invites history being rewritten the way it always has been until now.

@_date: 2001-10-18 17:13:32
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: RE: Kill Killfile 
yes, because obviously the only humour anyone from the UK has ever been
exposed to is Monty Python and Carry On... Please don't force me to bring up

@_date: 2001-10-10 14:39:40
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Re: RIAA secret meeting memo fake 
Even if it is a fake, I think the reason people were so interested in the
message is that it appears to confirm that the RIAA are as ruthless as they
In this instance, I certainly 'want to believe', I hope you manage get some
extra evidence to back this up.
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of John Young
Sent: 10 October 2001 17:55
We're pursuing the matter though Tony Smith at the Register
seems to be washing his hands of it. And we have asked a couple
of wizards help check out the source of the messages we have
received, now two -- the latest last evening (with a possibility
the source is a provocateur of the infotainment industry aiming
for sympathy legislation).
Here's our latest message to our always trustworthy source:
Response to your message last evening:
The Register has today recanted its story about the RIAA meeting.
How do you want to handle this now? Ready to be named,
your full messages published on Cryptome, or do you want
to provide substantiation for your messages and keep your
identity concealed? Or perhaps another thoughtful approach
to loft this story to a higher level. Interest will be high for a few
more hours -- or many days if you come through with authentic
evidence. Want to talk on the phone, be on TV with a mask,
then fax us your meeting notes for one of the prime participants,
provide proof of employment with a media corporation. All as
easily done as this message.
Tel: 212-873-8700
Fax: 212-787-6102
We get sucker punched occasionally and don't mind for it allows
respondents to critique and smoke out phonies, which has long
been big business, name your titans of fakery in all fields, not
least entertainment, media, gov, mil and intel.
Indeed, without sophisticated fakery, deception, disinformation,
lying, cheating, exploitation of the yokels, lying about the truth,
this list would have little reason to exist, not to say a huge swatch
of the globe's economy, led, yes, yes, by the USA USA.
Valenti claims the interests of the USA USA are identical to MPAA
MPAA, and why not RIAA RIAA and the supplicants for billions
like NY NY.

@_date: 2001-10-08 11:57:21
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Re: Let's Attack The Irish White Christian Terroroists... 
The bombing in Omagh was attributed to the 'Real IRA' a breakaway group who
I believe are generally considered to be more hard line than IRA.
As far as I understand it they are not the same organisation.
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Steve Mynott
Sent: 08 October 2001 12:12
29 people were killed in an real IRA bombing in Omagh in 1998. This
was a shopping High Street full of people.
The warning given was incorrect and _increased_ the number of deaths
because the terrorists said, probably on purpose, the wrong end of the
street and the people were moved towards the bomb.
1024/D9C69DF9 steve mynott steve
    "no man or group of men shall aggress upon the person or property of
else."  -- murray n. rothbard

@_date: 2001-10-07 11:09:13
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Re: ZKS Shutdown 
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Doobee R. Tzeck
Sent: 05 October 2001 20:59
I'm aware of  and
teenage mutant ninja hero coders from da c0re - me                                            -

@_date: 2001-10-01 11:44:37
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: New UK anti-terrorism powers to be rushed through. 
The UK gov't is trying to push through new anti terrorism measures,
including id cards, indefinite detention of suspected terrorists, and
there's more talk of key escrow too..
from the Gaurdian :
Concerns about the effect on civil liberties of at least three pieces of
anti-terrorism legislation, which ministers promise to introduce in four to
six weeks, were raised. A cross-party alliance, supported by sacked Home
Office minister, Mike O'Brien, has already been formed to resist the
introduction of identity cards.
New powers being introduced will include faster powers of deportation and
extradition and an end to the mandatory obligation to consider asylum
applications from known supporters of terrorism.

@_date: 2001-10-04 15:06:12
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: Russian plane explodes before crashing into the black sea 
If this turns out to be a terrorist attack, which seems fairly likely, i
imagine it could deal the idea of draconian security measures at airports a
hefty blow, as Isreal has some of the toughest airport security in the

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:28:00
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Re: ZKS Shutdown 
I used to use freedom, but i kept forgetting my passphrase..lame i know but
I was wondering if there are any open source projects that perform a similar
function (pseudonym based ip traffic anonymising, and remailing) out there?
I've had a look on google, but i can only find discussions on the theory of
this sort of stuff, rather than any working implementations.
Freedoms product was excellent (as far as i understood, im no security
expert ;) in many ways but the real reason i dumped it was that it was just
too slow on my old 400mhz pc with a 56k modem....
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Greg Broiles
Sent: 04 October 2001 17:44
This message appeared on coderpunks a few days ago -
... and I just got a press release from ZKS this morning trumpeting the
virtues of Freedom 3.0; sounds like maybe they're abandoning the network
and shifting their consumer-product focus to software alone. I looked at
their website after seeing Ben's message and was struck by how much they've
shifted away from selling service to consumers at $49 each, and are now
targeting businesses who are allegedly concerned about their customers'
alleged concern about privacy. They did appear to be willing to sell the
consumer software, but it clearly wasn't the focus of their business as
presented by the website.
Greg Broiles
"We have found and closed the thing you watch us with." -- New Delhi street

@_date: 2001-10-09 16:14:06
@_author: "Tolan Blundell" 
@_subject: RE: Let's Attack The Irish White Christian Terroroists... 
well corrected :)
-----Original Message-----
Sent: 09 October 2001 16:31
What you mean by the IRA is probably the Provisional IRA.
The Official IRA (Marxist and known as the "stickies") itself has been
defunct since the early 1970s and PIRA was formed by hardliners
leaving OIRA.
The Real IRA has been formed by hardliners leaving PIRA.
If history repeats itself then most people will probably end up
refering to RIRA as IRA anyway, since the distinction between these
organisations will probably be of little interest to the family of
someone killed.
(There are another republician terrorist groups such as the INLA as well)
1024/D9C69DF9 steve mynott steve
    i never think of the future. it comes soon enough. --albert einstein
