
@_date: 2004-06-16 19:28:58
@_author: "DR.TONY MOTOLA," 
@_subject: CONFIDENTIAL & URGENT 
DR.TONY MOTOLA, DEPARTMENT OF MINERALS AND ENERGY, PRETORIA, SOUTH AFRICA. PHONE:+27-73621-9319 FAX:+27-73631-6582 ATTN: Mr. President / C.e.o CONFIDENTIAL & URGENT
It is my great pleasure to write you this letter on behalf of my colleagues. Your information was given to me by a member of the South African Export Promotion Council (SAEPC) who was with the Government delegation on a trip to your country for a bilateral conference talk to encourage foreign investors. I have decided to seek a confidential co-operation with you in the execution of the deal hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it confidential because of the nature of this business.
Within the Department of Minerals & Energy where I work as a Director of Audit and Project Implementation and with the co-operation of two other top officials, we have in our possession an overdue payment in US The said funds represent certain percentage of the total contract value executed on behalf of my Department by a foreign contracting firm, which we the officials over-invoiced to the amount of US$26.500,000.00 (TwentySix Million Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars). Though the actual contract cost has been paid to the original contractor, leaving the excess balance unclaimed.
Since the present elected Government is determined to pay foreign contractors all debts owed, so as to maintain good relationship with foreign governments and non-government agencies, we included our bills for approvals with the Department of Finance and the South Africa Reserve Bank (SARB). We are seeking your assistance to front as beneficiary of the unclaimed funds, since we are not allowed to operate foreign accounts. Details and change of beneficiary information upon application for claim to reflect payment and approvals will be secured on behalf of you/your I have the authority of my partners involved to propose that should you be willing to assist us in this transaction your share as compensation will be US$6.625m (25%), while my colleagues and I receive US$17.225m (65%) and the balance of US$2.650m (10%) for taxation and miscellaneous expenses incurred. The business is completely safe and secure, provided you treat it with utmost confidentiality. It does not matter whether you/your Company does contract projects, as a transfer of powers will be secured in favour of you/your Company. Also, your area of specialization is not a hindrance to the successful execution of this transaction. I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint us. Thanks for your co-operation. Regards, DR.TONY MOTOLA. N.B Please email your confidential Telephone number to enable me contact you for further clarifications.
