
@_date: 2008-02-02 16:20:26
@_author: Andrew 
@_subject: Re: The use of malicious botnets to disrupt The Onion Router 
Chad Z. Hower aka Kudzu schrieb:
I don't think from a technical pov the entry point is an issue; all data passing through there is encrypted, so malicious intent would have to meet serious computing power to do damage (except for dropping the packet alltogether) at that point. Also, as you indirectly pointed out by simply not mentioning them, relays are even less an issue. So I guess "uncredited" routers would still be usefull as middlemen.
However, it might actually be worth considering an *optional* feature that would allow tor to only use exit nodes within your web of trust, since exit nodes are the ones who could potentially do "bad things". But I believe it would also be a serious threat to your anonymity (a site that can identify you uniquely over a longer period of time, i.e. your email provider, could log all exit nodes you connect from, and from that draw conclusions to who's in your web of trust, from where it should be only a small step towards your true identity). One would have to choose which threat one prefers.
Is there anyone who could give a (somewhat professional) assessment of how a web-of-trust feature would impact on anonymity? How about tor's overall performance?

@_date: 2008-02-02 13:45:09
@_author: Andrew 
@_subject: Re: The use of malicious botnets to disrupt The Onion Router 
Nice thougt, but on second thought impracticable for various reasons: as you pointed out, it sacrifices security, which IMO is not up for discussion. Also, it would become much harder for new tor nodes to be added to the network (I, for example, do not know any other tor operators personally) and therefore would also sacrifice potential capacities and performance. Plus, we don't really gain any security, since an "attacker" would only have to gain the trust of one established operator with one legitimate node to add the imaginary thousands of illegitimate others to his trust list and therefore to the web of trust.
Just my thoughts...
