
@_date: 2011-09-14 06:17:15
@_author: Orionjur Tor-admin 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
It formally belong to an American company which was sold to the Russian
company named SUP (which work for Russian secret services):
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2011-09-12 07:48:28
@_author: Orionjur Tor-admin 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
Russia is very strange country, very strange... Last time many not only
tirannycal but also idiotical norms were included into the Russian
In the list of them are laws banned people younger than 18 to be in the
streets after 10 PM, ones banned alcohol selling after 11 PM and etc.
In the beginning of this year the press-service of the FSB notified that
it needed by their opinion to ban the Tor and even the skype and the Gmail.
The Kremlin refuted that information but we in Russian know that in
means only they intend but scanning of society reaction.
I am  in doubt that they can do it.
It seems that the Russian government aspire to ban all things which able
or unable to be ban.
the FSB already has direct access to all Internet
Do you mean the so-called "SORM"-system? But as I know in the USA and in
the European countries works similar systems ("Echelon" and etc.).
Do you thinks that the SORM can break my tor connection and sneef my
Tor-traffic in the unencripted view?
It seems to me that the Putin's and Medvedev's junta have no real
interest in fighting with piracy because they have no incoming from the
show-bussiness or that income is so small that the have no real interest.
But there are many wild cries of Russian governmental  officials, owners
and servants of private organisations works for the FSB and etc. like
Kaspersky AntiVirus Lab and even of hierarch ot the Russian Orthodox
Cherch across over all Russian press and Internet for banning the Tor
and another anonymizing  remedies.
Sometimes ago the Live Journal became the mainest Russian oppositional
informatinal playground. Because it, the Putin's junta gave order to
their commercials to by the LiveJournal and ... they bought is!!!
Now the LiveJournal belong to the so-called name "SUP Company" which
works for the secret services of Russia.
And it is so stange to me that the US Government permit that spying
activity of Russian secret services in the US territory...
Regardless of all of
For break a oneman's door they need to know that it is a door of that
man. Simply talking, they must find where that man live.
As I can confirm the Tor helps us resolving that problem about 4 - 5
years and they - till the present time - cannot find locations of our
friends through our friends' Internet activity.
If they can, it is more strange to me why our friends don't arrested or
killed such long time.
It is a real problem! If they intend to arrest all people using the Tor
and etc. it could be very serious problem for fighters with regim and
for all people of my poor country...
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2011-09-09 06:34:56
@_author: Orionjur Tor-admin 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
It is very bad news because I am affraid that another tyrannical regimes
such as Russian can make do it too.
But it seems to me that Tor-users can use bridges and etc. for avoiding
repressive measures from "law enforcement bodies" of their countries (if
the termin "law is applicable to such bodies :) ).
tor-talk mailing list
