
@_date: 2005-02-21 11:16:30
@_author: "MR MALINGA" 
@_subject: ATTN! PLEASE. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL PLEASE I NEED YOUR SUPPORT Dear Friend, I know you will be surprised to receive this letter. First I must Introduce myself; I am Mr.Tutu J.Malinga, of the Republic of Liberia (West African Republic) and the Chief Security Adviser to Charles Taylor, former President of the Republic of Liberia, who was forced to resign on August 11,2003 by the United states Of America and other African States for the sake of peace? after fourteen years of ravaging civil war in Liberia. Charles Taylor is currently on exile. I got your address through the South African Information Exchange (S.A.I.E.).For fourteen years today there has always been growing opposition and rebellion against Charles Taylor. Earlier last year the advancement of the rebels toward the capital Monrovia has been unstoppable because of the support the rebels receive from countries, which are against Taylor and his policies. Due to this war, on the 23rd February 2003, was mandated by the president to p!
 roceed to South Africa, to purchase ammunition from the Arms Manufacturing Company In South Africa (ARMSCO) to fight the rebels. This mandate and instruction was backed up with US$42. Million (Forty Two Million United States Dollars) in cash, and was delivered by diplomatic immunity into South Africa. I have already purchased the first batch of ammunition at the sum of US$30 Million (Thirty Million United States Dollars), which was delivered in June, and was negotiating for the purchase of the second batch when the president was forced to go on exile. I saw this as a golden opportunity to divert this money. I have already deposited this balance of US$12 Million (Twelve Million United States Dollars) with a security Company, without declaring the actual content of the consignment. I am presently residing here as a refugee. The financial laws of South Africa do not allow a refugee to operate an account. In view of this, coupled with the way the money was acquired, I have deci!
 ded not to invest this fund in South Africa, and solicit for t!
 he assis
tance of a reliable and trustworthy international businessman who can assist me to transfer this fund overseas for investment. For your efforts, I am prepared to offer you 25% of the total sum while if you will assist me transfer this money into your overseas account. I have also set aside 5% of the total money for expenses that might be incurred during the process of this transfer, and 70% will be for my investment in a profitable venture in your country or anywhere else you may advice. From the above, you will understand that my entire life and future depends on this amount, as such I shall be very grateful if you can assist me. Please note that this transaction is risk-free. The major thing I demand from you is absolute assurance that the money will be safe when transferred into your account. If you can be of assistance, kindly contact me using the above fax number or my email address. Also send your private fax and phone numbers for easier communication and confidentiali!
 ty of this transaction. Yours Sincerely, Mr.Tutu J.Malinga,
