
@_date: 2004-07-20 08:43:40
@_author: "Engr:ukot thomas ukot" 
@_subject: Greetings!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Engr. Ukot Thomas Ukot,
Executive Director Project,
Niger Delta Development Commission,
Old Secretariat Complex,
Victorial-Island, Lagos.
Dear Sir,
I am Engr. Ukot Thomas Ukot, the Executive Director
Project with the Niger Delta Development Commission (
NDDC ).
My commssion - The Niger Delta Development
Commission(NDDC)-which is in charge of managing and
supervising the disbursement of oil sales revenues for
the Nigerian government which covers payment to
foreign and local contractors that have executed
contracts for the Federal Government.The revenue under
our control runs into several hundred of millions of
dollars monthly.Myself and other colleagues in the
NDDC are currently in need of a foreign partner with
whose bank account we shall transfer the sum of Thirty
Million United States Dollars($30m). This fund was accrued from various over invoicing of
foreign  contractors' payments made over the years. The Total fund is presently waiting in the Government
Account named CBN/FGN INDEPENDENT REVENUE account
Central Bank of Nigeria.However, by virtue of my
position as civil servant and staff of the NDDC, I
cannot acquire this funds in my name. This is because
as top civil servant, I are not allowed by law of the
land to own or operate bank accounts outside our
country for now. I have been delegated as a matter of trust by my
colleagues, to look for an overseas partner in whose
account we would transfer the fund,hence the reason
for this mail.We shall be Transferring the money to
your account with the company's name you provide as
the beneficiary,  under the guise that you are being
paid for a contract which you/your company executed
for our country through the Commission.
For your support and partnership,please reply me to
negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be
paid when the funds arrive your bank account. You must
however note that this transaction, with regards to
our disposition to continue with you, is subject to
these terms. Firstly, our conviction of your
transparency.Secondly, that you treat this transaction
with utmost secrecy and confidentiality. Finally and
above all, that you will provide an account over which
you have absolute control .
The transaction, although discrete, is legitimate and
there is no risk or legal lliability either
to ourselves or yourself now or in the future as we
have put in place the neccesary machinery that will
ensure a hitch free transfer into your account upon
The transfer will be effected to your account within
five - seven (5-7) working days from the date we reach
an agreement and you furnish me with a suitable bank
account and company name with your contact numbers
including fax number.
I am looking forward to doing business with you and do
solicit your confidentiality in this transaction,
Please mail back your response through this email
address for me to update you on our plans as to how we
intend to actualize this transaction.
Sincerely yours,
Engr. Ukot Thomas Ukot.
