
@_date: 2001-09-28 18:07:15
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: Re: Reflections on "High Concept, Low Tech," MartialLaw, the new Paper Gauntlet and the changing mea 
Sent: Friday, September 28, 2001 10:59 AM
This should have read:
That's why, despite many tries, venture capital markets never work well in

@_date: 2001-09-25 23:06:36
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: Reflections on "High Concept, Low Tech," Martial Law, the new Paper Gauntlet and the changing meanin 
Amid the flood of profound, pseudo-profound and posuer-profound writings that
have found their way- like so many thrice forwarded bad jokes or internet
chain letters- to me since Tuesday, Charles Platt's work "The Enduring Power
of Stupidity" clarified quite a number of things, at least to my way of
thinking.  Though perhaps not for the reasons Platt intended the work gelled
some number of thoughts many of which had been rattling around for some time.
"There are two basic forces in the world..." Platt begins, "Intelligence and
stupidity.  Human intelligence generally is creative, and has the potential to
enhance our lives.  Stupidity almost always is destructive."  I immediately
thought of the phrase "If we make this idiot-proof they will simply design a
better idiot."  Hold that thought.
High Concept, Low Tech
"High Concept, Low Tech" is a term that has been tossed around quite a bit
lately.  What is interesting to me is that the asymmetric attack on Tuesday
was not by any understanding "High Concept, Low Tech,"as is being repeatedly
reported by this or that expert.  Quite the reverse.  It was precisely
because- at least partly because- the 757s/767s piloted by our most recent
of note were extremely sophisticated that the attack was so successful.  A
number of factors came into play here.  Firstly, though an expensive- relative
to most like operations- attack to implement, both financially and temporally,
operation as it was mounted on the 11th was far cheaper because of the simple
ease with which 757s and 767s are flown, at least once aloft.  As of Tuesday
fly-by-wire is to "terrorists" what Perl is to script-kiddies.  Inevitably as
technologies enable humans to move more metal and petroleum tubes faster,
further and higher with less brain work, less training and less expertise than
the day before... well, more potential energy, less brains equals higher risk.
This "black box syndrome" means that a housewife behind the wheel of a Volvo
can effortlessly brake like Schumacher. It means that Bob Smith can hurl
412,000 pounds of metal and fuel at a building- and it
is only going to get worse.
In April of 2000 Bill Joy wrote an article in Wired that has always frightened
me a little.  Chief among his comments:
The 21st-century technologies - genetics, nanotechnology, and robotics (GNR) -
are so powerful that they can spawn whole new classes of accidents and abuses.
Most dangerously, for the first time, these accidents and abuses are widely
within the reach of individuals or small groups. They will not require large
facilities or rare raw materials. Knowledge alone will enable the use of them.
Mr. Platt, unwittingly I think, invokes Joy in his article.  "Ultimately
computational power should enable us to manipulate matter itself," says Platt,
"...enabling a new era of unlimited wealth while eliminating side effects such
as pollution and global warming."  But, Platt points out, "On Tuesday I saw
that stupidity still trumps intelligence."
I fear Platt is right.  I fear Joy is right.  The inevitable march of
technology puts more in the hands of the few faster and faster.  Black arts
are fewer and farther between.  Cryptography is a prime example.  Publishing a
second.  Biotechnology an emerging one.  In all of these disciplines what was
once the bastion of a few dedicated researchers or government types has been
shattered by tools that now create a universality that increasingly becomes
disturbing to contemplate.  As force multipliers approach an individual as an
acceptable seed value, controls approach impossibility and risk increases
geometrically.  From the crossbow to the handgun to the semi-automatic rifle,
individuals increasingly have more and more power to destroy.  A single
twisted mind suddenly has the power to suffocate, blind, destroy, kill, maim
hundreds or thousands or hundreds of thousands.  The only challenge today is
to find the right context.  In a crowd an expert with a handgun can probably
kill or severely wound 10-15 people with some effort.  On an airliner an idiot
with a handgun can kill 300 with no effort.  A few moderately intelligent and
directed individuals with third rate edged weapons can kill thousands and
simply erase tens of billions of dollars of wealth in 4 hours.  High concept,
high tech and high impact.
What I haven't heard said yet is that on Tuesday we all bore witness to what
must have been the most successful conspiracy in some centuries.  Dozens if
not hundreds of individuals working in concert, over two or more years to
mount this operation and maintaining operational security and operational
focus throughout.  Given the short selling in a few key insurance firms a few
weeks before the incident the operation might have even turned a substantial
profit.  The high water mark for the lowly funded population of a layman black
operation is now in the hundreds.  I suspect most counter-intelligence people
would have placed it at 10-15 as recently as Monday.  If this is the case what
of the day- surely not far away- when a group of 50 can mount a nuclear
program of moderate success?  A biochem program of moderate success?  Or as
Platt muses, when "...computational power should enable us to manipulate
matter itself."  Perhaps to synthesize plutonium?
At the risk of sounding "Seganesque" I suspect our species might well be too
curious for our own good.
Martial Law
The events of September 11th have not been the first and are not going to be
the last example of technology (in whatever form) put to ill use.  Terrorism
will doubtless have several banner years in the next decade, the likes of
which have not been seen since the many skyjackings in the '70s.  The
insidious thing about these kind of attacks is that they tend to result in
something akin to martial law.  Freedoms and liberties are necessarily
curtailed- and yet nothing changes substantially.  Terrorist operations are
well designed to seek the underbelly and hit soft targets.  They are easiest
to mount in predominately free societies where terrorists can live and travel
in relative freedom and obscurity.  They also have the most impact in such
environments, where the citizenry is used to relative peace, tranquility and
privacy.  The foreign policy of the United States, particularly with reference
to the Middle East, doesn't make friends quickly- consider it the externality
cost of the cheap oil Americans so dearly love.  This combination probably
means a profound overreaction (I think we have all seen this already) and
potentially crippling "temporary" measures which have a life all their own
once implemented.
Inevitably, all of this is going to result in a plethora of measures, proposed
measures, programs, "temporary administrative agencies" and so forth.
Ellison's half-baked national ID proposal, the "homeland defense" cabinet
level agency- if this doesn't sound like something right out of 1930's Berlin
I don't know what does- plus crypto restrictions and even internment camps.
All of these things are- of course- fairly useless.  Terrorism has found its
killer app in finally targeting the United States on a large scale- a fat and
slow target with few natural defenses that are not overcome by mildly clever
manipulation of immigration laws and customs, instantaneous communications as
well as international air travel.  Would you rather mount such an operation in
The United States or Israel?  The United States has a binary decision to make.
Either stay a generally free society and endure the occasional and nearly
impossible to prevent suicide-terrorist acts or impose martial law,
fundamentally altering the social landscape of life in the United States.
(Not that it couldn't have been said to have been irrevocably altered already.
I never thought that- even as a foreigner- I would be so disturbed by a
display of patriotism- or even hyper-patriotism- as I have come to be by the
many American flags waving around as far as the eye can see.  The rapid
transformation of the star-spangled to a war banner of anger, vengeance and
mourning all at once is unsettling in the extreme).  Between those two choices
the former is a hard thing to envision.  Americans as a population generally
look for the "quick buck."  The immediate solution.  Long term is often lost
on the masses.  Enduring more World Trade Center like events (for there are
sure to be more from whatever source) is hard to imagine.  America has been
"security spoiled" until September 11th.  Unfortunately, I fear rash decision
are on their way.  "What would you give up for security."  "Right now?
Everything.  Anything."  Oh boy.  Here we go.
The New Paper Gauntlet
The common theme in most of the proposals I see today revolves around
identification.  Today, as most members of this list well know, there is no
real "national identification" system in the United States right now.  There
is however, a paper gauntlet.  A maze of paper filings and credentials
required for almost every private- and some public- activity.  Driver's
licenses are not mandatory, unless you want to drive.  State issued
identification is not mandatory, unless you want to fly, open a bank account
or do anything else productive.  Running this paper gauntlet and its many
forms, applications, checks and so forth leaves a strong trail of activity
behind the individual who is not careful enough to frustrate this system.  It
does have a weakness today however.  There are few universal databases in the
United States.  Citizen movements are not catalogued ex ante in a single
system today.  Many systems must be correlated ex post once a citizen has
brought attention to themselves.  There is an investagatory barrier to
rebuilding the steps of a given citizen today.  Not a large one, but large
enough to prevent massive fishing expeditions, and large enough for the clever
to slip between the cracks- either for privacy or for criminal activity.
Those smart enough to keep out of sight usually have no problem circumventing
the system slightly for innocent purposes.  Today the temptation has become to
institute more stringent and centralized controls in the hopes that such
efforts will create a good chokepoint from which to identify troublemakers.
As usual, this is an illusory bit of security.
Paper gauntlets are annoying and expensive- so much so that the costs are
certain to be amortized across private sector industries and such.  They will
still serve primarily to create records best used in ex post investigations,
not in preventing crime.  CTR's, currency transportation reports, foreign
account suspicious activity notices and the like are all ex post measures.
Centralizing or consolidating records will probably raise the bar for casual
paper trippers slightly, but not sophisticated attacks like the September 11th
operation.  It has come out this week that as many as 12 western educated men
and their families may have been murdered to provide terrorist operatives with
fresh, and undisputed, identities to use.  In the face of this kind of resolve
a national ID program, or any of the other measures being publicly floated
will do little- if anything- ex ante to stop terrorism, particularly the brand
that spends 300 to 400 thousand dollars per operative in "blend in" efforts.
I'm most alarmed by the fingerprint smartcard proposals that are floating
around from the great public policy genius of e.g. Mr. Larry Ellison.  These
will be entirely useless unless every place they are used requires a two or
three factor authentication.  1.  Possession and presentation of the card and
therefore the digitized, stored fingerprint data.  2.  Presentation of the
individual's fingers to provide the fingerprint for checking against   3
(optional) a pin number or other unlocking mechanism for the credential data.
What, after all, is the point of providing fingerprints unless they become
part of the authentication process?  Otherwise individual Y might as well kill
individual X and steal the card.  Since individual X's prints will never be
compared against the card what is the benefit?  Personally, the prospect of
exposing my biometric data to a terminal and operator of questionable
experience, skill and motive every time I get on a plane, make a transaction,
apply for a bank account, get a driver's license, etc. etc. bothers me.  Of
course, the United States has not learned that such data, when not protected
properly will be abused.  Credit card numbers, social security numbers and now
fingerprint indexes.  No collective memory.  Pity.
Paper gauntlets have long been the easy tactic to try and address these kinds
of issues.  The "Credentialing of America" as one cypherpunk (Mr. May?) put it
continues.  They have also universally proved ineffective.  Still, we should
all expect to have to run a much longer and tighter paper gauntlet.
All of these things are vulnerable to origin fraud, however.  Since Bob has to
be able to replace his credentialing data if it is all destroyed in a fire
(such things occasionally happen) we have to assume that any uncredentialled
individual can replace Bob's credentialing data in the same way, be he Bob,
Fred or Frank.  All credential systems are dependent on the initial
authentication's validity.  That is why identity fraud, credit application
fraud and the like work.  No national ID system, or any ID system, will every
fully, or even mostly, remove such fraud.
The Changing Meaning of 911.
The disadvantage of all this is that all privacy seekers will begin to look
more and more like felons- or worse, terrorists.  Encrypted mail will be a
branding thing to have in your inbox.  Neighbors are encouraged to inform on
their associates.  Strangers are urged to be "vigilant" (suspiciously close to
'vigilante in my view) in reporting "suspicious activity" which is, of course,
not defined.  The threshold for invoking "911" (that's September 11th for the
irony impaired) has been pretty seriously reduced now.  Terrorism has gripped
the United States so successfully that most of my friends and associates have
been heard to comment that things will "never be the same."  I tend to think
they are right.  I tend to think this is most unfortunate.  I tend to think it
was inevitable.
Perhaps we will find that widespread freedom, in the form that we aspire to
create it, isn't a sustainable social form in the United States.  Prosperity
and freedom in their current guise in the United States seem to be subject to
the whim of short term thinking.  Though I realize this isn't how Platt meant
it: "stupidity trumps intelligence."  Not only the stupidity of terrorists- in
fact I think these terrorists were astoundingly intelligent- but the stupidity
of the citizenry.  Perhaps the United States is not indeed mature enough- or
perhaps _no longer_ mature enough- on the whole to "...pay any price, bear any
burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the
survival and the success of liberty."
Margaret Thatcher once commented, on the close of the Gulf War:  "Now, just
look, there is the aggressor, Saddam Hussein, still in power.  There is the
President of the United States, no longer in power. There is the Prime
Minister of Britain who did quite a lot to get things there, no longer in
power. I wonder who won?"
I do hope we don't come to reflect on the perpetrators of September 11th in
the same fashion.
What Remains to be Done.
If we assume that things are only going to get worse as technology progresses
and progressively puts more and more power into the hands of fewer and fewer
individuals we probably also have to assume that WTC is not the largest or
most impressive terrorist or asymmetric attack we will see in the next decade.
We might also assume that the many proposals out there today will not solve
the problem- much as metal detectors at airports did not.  Much as identity
requirements for boarding planes did not.  Much as... well you get the idea.
I suspect that those two things- which seem a little bit obvious to me- might
also mean that governments will increasingly seek to adopt more and more
intrusive measures to appear to give their citizens the impression of
What can we do to foster privacy and preserve crypto even in the face of these
potential (but uncertain) changes?
I used to write a little bit at the end of every year on this point.  What
more could we do to further cryptographic development?  To increase privacy?
I stopped bothering at some point but I recently came across these points from
a post I wrote back in 1996:
begin quote
A.  Increasing the ease of use.
Perhaps I should have put this as  because really among those things
which I suggest in this post, I think this is of primary importance.  It
cannot be stressed enough that encryption must be transparent, easy to
use, but at the same time make its presence just apparent enough to
encourage its use, and to make users note its absence.
B.  Multiple encryption method support/larger key sizes.
While I may be more paranoid than some, or even most, I think it is
crucial to provide for the possibility that strong encryption may one day
face a total ban in more countries.  To avoid the chilling effect that
this would certainly have on development, it is of key importance to
permit applications and implementations to nexus with several methods, and
to allow what may today seem like extrodinarily large key sizes.  (256
bits would not be unreasonable in my view, particularly so where the user
was given the option of selecting a ~128 or so bit method like IDEA or
3DES at their option (consistent with A. above).
C.  Anonymous communication.
I'm not sure this needs much explanation.
D.  True stego.
Today it is a simple matter to identify encrypted traffic.  This is the
key flaw in what I will call (at risk of sounding like a white paper) the
NEI (National Encryption Infrastructure).  It subjects users to very
effective and easy to implement traffic analysis.  While I understand the
temptation to use checksum like methods to speed the key checking process,
at some point I am of the view that this convenience will come back to
haunt crypto.
end quote
Well, two of these and maybe three are at least somewhat better 5 years later.
Good job c'punks.
I don't really know what the state of true stego is today, but I submit that
it better get a whole lot better in a big hurry.  Anyone have any comments
about the viability of real stego against concerted state-sponsored fishing
expeditions on usenet or elsewhere?  What stego applications are out there?
Are they any good?  Has anyone developed specifications for stego which make
sense?  Have these been implemented?
Anonymous communication?  Remailers seem to be at least of passing
functionality.  I think they will come under increasing scrutiny in the months
and years to come.  At risk of causing a flame war: Happy Fun Homeland Defense
Organization is not amused.  More remailers in jurisdictions with foreign
policy goals too boring to offend this or that religion or political ambition.
Middleman only remailers in those jurisdictions at greater risk of considering
oppressive changes in laws or enforcement.
What ever happened to Stealth PGP?  "The first rule of not being seen- not to
stand up."  At least if one is using encryption it would be nice to be able to
deter key-based traffic analysis.  Surely this will increasingly be a problem.
(Nice to see Earthlink refusing to install Carnivore, but can all ISPs say the
same?  Without a doubt Earthlink was not the only one approached).
Personally, I'd be willing to drop some coin if it will help foster a strong,
open source, multi-platform utility to Stealthify and Stego PGP messages while
it's still legal to do so.  What's out there to start work with.  Would anyone
else contribute?
If everyone is going to dial 911 at the drop of a hat what do we plan to do
about it?

@_date: 2001-09-26 06:40:07
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: ACTION: SUCCESS!  Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 
I spoke directly with Rep. Sensenbrenner at some length.

@_date: 2001-09-26 00:38:48
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: Re: ACTION: SUCCESS!  Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 
Since the only goal in the first place was to delay I repeat:
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2001 5:37 PM
cancelled by

@_date: 2001-09-25 17:04:09
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: ACTION: SUCCESS!  Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 
The hearing for markup of the Anti Terrorism Act of 2001 has been cancelled by
direction of the Chairman and has not been rescheduled at this time.

@_date: 2001-09-28 17:59:22
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: Re: Reflections on "High Concept, Low Tech," MartialLaw, the new Paper Gauntlet and the changing mea 
Sent: Friday, September 28, 2001 6:24 AM
I appreciate your concern.
I'm not sure which community you refer to.  If you mean DCSB, I'm not a member
of that mailing list currently, but I also don't post to it.  (Mr. Hettinga
forwarded my post without my knowledge).  If you mean the United States, I
have resided in the US for at least 188 days a year for the last 10 or so
The United States is quite myopic.  No two ways about it.  I'm not sure how an
argument can credibly be made otherwise in general and making one today merely
affirms your orbit within the new economy reality distortion field (with
apologies to Steve Jobs).  As for jingoistic, (for those readers who were
overly impressed with Mr. Hutchinson's use of vocabulary: "extreme chauvinism
or nationalism marked especially by a belligerent foreign policy") I have no
idea how you could argue otherwise in the eve of the new air and land war
brewing in Asia at US behest.  As for stupid- I merely submit to you that the
average IQ in the United States hovers around 90.  (Look it up).  There is a
reason the phrase "No one ever lost money underestimating the intelligence of
the American People" was coined.  I don't know if that meets the common
definition of "stupid," I for one quite enjoy most Americans I meet, but them
I'm fairly selective about the company I keep and I avoid West Virginia.  As
for your last clause however, it is true that regardless of how intelligent,
or non intelligent, the United States is you (or I) can't do much about it.
Despite all this I live in the US by choice.  Though I find myself
reconsidering this situation on a regular basis sometimes, lately I've given
it the most serious rethinking I can recall.  Bandwagonism is awfully
dangerous in an environment of hyper-nationalism, and unless the leaders of
the band can properly channel the hype they whip up... well, things get ugly.
See, Hitler was smart.  He whipped up and used the Brownshirts and then killed
most of them or sent them to fight foreign wars.  Hard to do such a thing in
the U.S.  They might just go beating up anyone with fabric on their head.  (I
heard that a pair of Mexican Americans were killed by a small mob in a West
Chicago suburb the other day.  Apparently there was chanting of "Go back to
Allah" by the peanut gallery).
Going back through history you might find that 225 years is not an impressive
number.  As we Europeans are fond of saying "In Europe 100 miles is a long
way.  In the United States 100 years is a long time."  Yes, you are all
impassioned, invigorated, alive and very cowboyesque.  I find that most
charming.  All of us 'fur-in-ers' do.  Your great for us to find a place park
our generations old money in equity investments and see a return better than
e.g. the Swiss Franc.  That's your strength.  Unfettered optimism and
initiative.  That's why, despite many tries, venture capital markets never
work well in the United States.  Plus, you have filmmaking down to a cookie
cutter science.  We love watching your films, and those of us without that
much of an attitude don't even mind that they are all in English.  (Have you
ever enjoyed a firm in German?  I didn't think so.  The best one ever made,
"M," was silent).
I think anyone who calls the United States the world leader in the
instantiation of "such freedoms" in the face of the legislative and
administrative initiatives currently on the horizon- and those which have
passed in the last 50 years- is being a bit silly.  I suppose though that
being as close to the problems as you are, your mileage may vary.  In
actuality, the United States might well be the world leader in removal of
freedoms.  For while it may be true that the U.S. was at one time the freest
country in the world, the dip from that high water mark of democracy to today
might also mark the largest loss of freedoms ever.  (Perhaps you will want to
study this.  It would make an interesting thesis).  Most other 1st or 2nd
world cultures never made it very high on the freedom bar- having effectively
come directly from Feudalism to a sort of socialist (or outright communist)
form of governance.
According to the Supreme Court, which the last time I checked was the highest
authority on such matters, in the 14th and 4th Amendments.  See e.g. William
Kolender, et al., Petitioner, v. Edward Lawson. (461 U.S. 352), Terry v. Ohio,
(392 U.S. 1), Lewis v. City of New Orleans , 415 U.S. 130.
Really, you should look some of this up before you spout off.  Secret trials
and hidden evidence are the order of the day not just in FISA but also in
sealed warrants and affidavits, veiled testimony, etc. etc. of normal civil
and criminal trials.  You clearly don't live in California if you believe the
firearms nonsense and you clearly haven't been forced to testify about the
location or presence of incriminating papers in a white collar crime
investigation if you believe in the power of the prohibition against
self-incrimination.  As for being told what to say or think?  Don't walk
around with a bin laden tattoo on, or you're be arrested.  Don't think that
you hate blacks in the commission of a felony or your guilt of a hate
(thought) crime.  All of those things you seem to hold dear have been slowly
eroded over time, dear friend.  The only two exceptions in discussion are the
religious bit (which has been mostly fended off to my way of thinking) and
identification- which despite all your claims is not a legally mandated thing
for anyone to carry around.  That you do not know any of this seals my
argument from the very beginning.  Myopic?  Indeed.
Have you ever been to Liechtenstein?  Given your implication above I have to
think not.  Have you banked there?  Clearly not.  Liechtenstein banks don't
insist on performing a credit check before giving you account.  (Your money is
sufficient).  Liechtenstein banks tellers don't fall for petty "social
engineering" ploys to discover the identity of depositors.  Liechtenstein
bankers don't ask you about how your life is, how your kids are, how your
business is going or how you voted in the last election.  (Questions I have
all heard asked of me from bankers in the U.S.).  See, these things are not
regarded as private in the United States.  Refusing to answer such questions
is cause for suspicion and scorn.  (And from a banker in the U.S. even a
"Suspicious Transaction Report").  These questions are simply never asked in
Liechtenstein because it is understood that it is none of anyone's business.
Further, the Constitution of Liechtenstein directly assures such privacy- more
than I can say for the Untied States.  The Constitution provides directly for
personal liberty and for the inviolability of the home, postal correspondence,
and telephone conversations.  All of these are only vaguely protected in the
United States, and the only penality is that the evidence so gathered cannot
be used in a court of law.  Jail terms enforce such laws in Liechtenstein.
Moreover, statutes like the law on persons and corporations provide for
specific codification of privacy of a kind that hasn't ever been dreampt of in
the United States.  (And thinking back a moment, wasn't it you just a
paragraph ago who commented that the United States didn't provide for
anonyminity?  Suddenly now it's the center of privacy jurisprudence for the
In so far as a square and a rectangle aren't the same thing, I may agree.  But
squares are rectangles.  Privacy is a larger namespace than anonymity, but the
two are encompassed.  Failing to recognize their connection is literary
fiction made for the sake of your argument, I suspect.
This is relevant how?
As long as you're not in the United States, where such anonminity is
constantly challenged, and breached.  I won't even bother to list the dozens
of examples of ISPs giving over such names to e.g., the Scientologists etc.
And there you show your American red, white and blue colors.  See, if you
moved next to me in Liechtenstein, no such questions would arise.  Such
questions are not asked.  And again, you appear to be short of memory, wasn't
it you just a few paragraphs ago making the exact reverse point...?  I'm sure
I remember that.  Oh, yes, here it is:
I can't read the above other than to suspect that in your view nosey neighbors
make good society, or a good society is composed of nosey neighbors.  That
there is some kind of duty to pry for the "good of the community."  I think
that pretty clearly defines the differences between us.  You see, I don't
believe the Stasi fostered the kind of society I believe people should aspire
to create.  Clearly, your view is different.
Also, practice spelling with me:  Liechtenstein.
I think your donning of the flame suit is the only real argument I need to
make against the bunk above, wherein you first claim that security measures
are vulnerable to social engineering, but then claim that more security
measures will be more effective.
Complete fiction.
Paper cash is an age old tool for anonymous transactions.  Go back to the
French revolution and note the sudden drop in letters of credit, retentes and
other financial instruments by French royalty in favor of cash, gold,
gemstone, silver and other bearer transactions.  Go back farther to the
Chinese "flying money" systems or to chop systems to see that paper money was
used there to avoid confiscatory taxes and provide for anonymous transactions.
Again, your cross section of history seems to be all of about 25 years old.
As for aberrant?  I'll leave this as an exercise for the reader.  What
percentage of daily transactions in the world are on a cash basis?  And in the
United States?
Are you sure?  Did the corner shopkeeper tell his wife?  His lover?  How do we
know?  See, the difference in our respective approaches is that I don't depend
on others to safeguard my privacy, be they governmental others, officers
others at financial institutions or community member others (nosey neighbors).
I don't believe in systems which rely on the "honor" of the human race.  I've
been around to long to believe in the tooth fairy too.  To believe that urge
is a predominant one in today's human psyche is to ignore reality.  The level
of willful ignorance required to perpetuate that belief is astounding to me,
and then again, it isn't.
I don't know how to explain this view to others aside the shrugging suggestion
that perhaps you feel "American" is the only culture of note to see the light
of day in the last 4000 years.  (Hint: The Chinese were carving chop blocks
for anonymous transactions back in 1200 B.C. when I suspect your (and I know
my) ancestors were busy hitting each other over the head with big sticks and
living in mud huts.  See above.
Yep.  Sorry this disappointed you.  I think it says more about your approach
than I ever could.
Just out of curiosity, which other "rights" or "wants" do you feel shouldn't
be absolute?  Freedom of speech?  Freedom of movement?  Freedom of thought?
Freedom from search or seizure?
Depends what country you are in.  I understand it's indefensible in the United
States right now (though the ACLU might disagree).  The rest of the world is
somewhat less bull-headed about it all.
Foolish boy.

@_date: 2001-10-04 19:48:14
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: Russian plane explodes before crashing into the black sea 
Nah, terrorists don't typically mess with the Russians.  They are famous for
returning the testicles of terrorists to the families via post.

@_date: 2001-10-13 08:19:30
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: Paper tigers II 
Shaddap you idiot.  Weren't you were the one claiming the Anthrax attacks
were a hoax a few days ago.

@_date: 2001-10-18 22:06:30
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: Airlines - the newest members of the international community of nations. 
"'When a passenger passes through security, it is under the jurisdiction of
the airline. We don’t get involved,' he says, adding that stories like
Godfrey’s are likely to become increasingly common."
Wow, I didn't realize airlines had law enforcement powers and
"jurisdictions" akin to those of state actors.

@_date: 2001-11-18 06:15:09
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: Scalia: Thumbs Down on ID Card 
That pesky Scalia.  Always causing trouble.
Someone go to the In Chambers Pub and ask him what the heck he's doing
commenting publically on such things.  Sheesh.
"Will no one rid me of this troublesome justice?"

@_date: 2001-12-24 03:39:13
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: Liability, economic realities and self delusion in ecash developers. Or: Why not "just write ecash" 
[There isn't much new to talk about so instead...]
I think I can speak to this with some degree of experience.
Legal liability is the big issue.  By "continuing personal involvement" I
will assume you mean acting as an officer of the company.
The most serious level of legal liability that concerned me was the
potential for criminal and civil sanctions for money laundering.  I am
constantly amazed by the level of self-denial cypherpunks have when it comes
for legal liability in this regard.  (Usually this is justified with some
cutesy-clever technical argument- as if no one had been watching the
Napster, eGold or RIAA developments at all over the last few years).
Money laundering is a slam dunk for prosecutors and very tempting to use
because of its connotations to a jury/defense counsel.  It is simple to
allege.  It also has MAJOR impact on potential sentencing.  Consider:
"Analyzing actual cases, the working group found that money laundering
charges most often involved a relatively routine financial transaction
(e.g., depositing, wiring, transferring, withdrawing money) that was
essentially "incidental" to an underlying crime (e.g., a fraud, gambling
offense, or drug sale) that the defendant charged with money laundering had
also committed. The working group concluded that while the underlying crime
usually appeared to be the real gravamen of the overall offense conduct, a
money laundering count could generate a guideline offense level that was
quite different from that of the underlying offense, and, as a consequence,
greatly influence the sentence."
"With respect to what the working group categorized as "white collar"
offenses (i.e., fraud, embezzlement, import/export violations, and copyright
infringement), the working group found that the addition of a money
laundering count raised the defendant's offense level 96% of the time, and
frequently to a significant degree. For example, in one reasonably typical
case examined by the working group, the defendant had committed a fraud and
deposited the proceeds of the fraud in the bank. Consistent with court
decisions construing the money laundering statute, the government charged
the deposit of the fraud's proceeds in the bank as money laundering, in this
case for "promoting" the fraud by allowing the defendant access to the funds
for personal use. Pursuant to the fraud guideline (2F1.1), the offense level
for the underlying fraud was 19 (guideline range of 30-37 months for
defendants with no criminal history). Pursuant to the money laundering
guideline (2S1.1), the offense level for the money laundering offense - -
here, promoting the fraud by depositing the fraud's proceeds in the bank for
personal use was 28 (guideline range of 78-97 months for defendants with no
criminal history). Thus, the addition of the money laundering count in this
case substantially increased the defendant's sentence."  (United States
Sentencing Commission Report).
While this might not directly impact the person running or developing the
system it certain serves to discourage users of the system after a single
allegation has been made.  Customer flight would be awfully dramatic I
suspect.  This makes a system which is bound (by design and definition) to
be political unpopular also highly subject to political interference.
It's the civil provisions that I find more alarming though.  One dollar of
laundered money in an account subjects the entire account to seizure.
That's not a good thing and assuming any ecash system had correspondent bank
relations (a safe assumption if you know anything about financial systems.
No.  Ecash for widespread public use is just not a viable proposition at
this point.  Even less so after 911.
I believe it is.  Given the current state of the law money laundering might
as well be the anonymization of transactions for unpopular purposes (the
entire purpose of ecash).  It is a political definition, not a technical
one- much as "terrorism" has become.
I assume that the suggestion is that a smaller operation, a grassroots one,
would somehow fare better.  I don't believe this is the case.  More below.
Money Laundering is its own RICO.  (See e.g. Elkan Abramowitz, Money
Laundering: The New RICO?, N.Y.L.J., Sept. 1, 1992).  Again and again, here
and elsewhere I've cited cases and statutes that make it pretty clear that
innocent third parties easily become the victims of money laundering
prosecutions and lose their businesses, their checking accounts, college
funds, their homes, etc. simply because their family run travel agency
accepted a check from a drug baron they had never met to pay for his trip to
South America.  An ecash system, particularly a small one, simply has no
chance once it is used for child porn once or twice.  A large bank might get
away with it the way large banks do.
Hawala systems are effectively 100% certain to be subject to laundering
charges when discovered operating in the United States.  They are not much
more than primitive ecash systems.  The timing for suggesting that such a
system would have any legal lifetime is pretty bad given the current
environment.  The trend in such things in the United States is moving
strongly AGAINST financial privacy, not towards it.
U.S. law is probably the most extreme, so that might be a safe assumption.
(Perhaps Britain would be nearly as bad).  What is missed here is that "the
developer is not linked to the operation" is a very optimistic assumption.
It's the developer that will have to consult on the implementation, on the
security provisions, on deployment, designing against the threat model.
Anyone who believes this process won't trigger the "knew or should have
known" provisions is kidding themselves.  Invoking the Terrorist example is
probably extreme for discussion purposes but I doubt that anyone here, if
they were to really think it out, would believe that the author would not be
detained in a Federal Detention "Submarine" for weeks at a time in this
case- direct involvement or not.  The threshold for detention these days
seems to be "knew someone who once met a terrorist."
I suppose if someone wanted you badly enough they would make arguments which
included conspiracy, money laundering, conspiracy to commit terrorism,
conspiracy to commit murder, conspiracy to... [fill in the blank].  The BEST
case scenario in the case that they wanted you badly enough (and doubtless
this would happen in the example you cite) is that you turn states evidence,
show them the best way to break or introduce a break/trojan into the system
and fall into the pit of witness relocation, looking over your shoulder for
the rest of your life wondering when the missing remnants of terrorist group
X will come calling.  There is that other cute clause too.  "Material
witness."  Oops.
I'm not sure Dmitri would agree.  Regardless, the issue was much different.
Dmitri wasn't a U.S. Citizen.  I daresay the situation would have been
entirely different (worse) if he were.  This was effectively a civil, not a
criminal action, despite DoJ noise to the contrary.  You're not dealing with
the prosecutors in the organized crime/money laundering group who are a lot
more cut-throat (and a lot more experienced at cutting throats).  Copyright
and DMCA are a fairly new area and attract young and inexperienced
prosecutors.  The result is a certain uncertainty and experimentalism with
techniques and legal theory.  None of these failings will afflict a
prosecutor in the money laundering/organized crime sections of DoJ.  These
people play for keeps.
I submit that this belief indicates you've never seen the inside of a
federal prison.  Remember also that terrorists don't go to Danbury.  They go
to the Supermax in Colorado.  Also, most states have money laundering
statutes too.  You'll be lucky not to do time in both a state and a federal
prison during the course of your ordeal if things get nasty enough.
Doesn't have to stick.  Why would you think it has to stick?  People are
incarcerated on little or no evidence all the time, particular if they are
involved in politically unpopular activities- otherwise totally legitimate.
(No more guns for you either as a convicted felon).
Asset forfeiture can include garnishment.  That can last quite a while.  I
doubt you want to be big enough a deal to be known by name to Ashcroft.  I'm
sure it might be interesting to be a famous hacker a la Mitnick and bask in
the glow of contraries rebellious reputation you'd gain among all 17 year
old suburban males running a Morpheus supernode with all the albums of
Metallica ever pressed.  I doubt its worth it.
You haven't been watching the last 3 months have you?
See, all the arguments you make by comparison apply equally to Napster.
(Particularly insofar as they ignored the potential liabilities and civil
actions when they designed the system).  Let's face it, if there's no market
for ecash what's the point in developing it.  Cypherpunks are remarkable
socialist when it comes to ignoring market forces in order to favor the
develop a "cool" and esthetically pleasing system that no one will use.
This is unfortunate.
Legal problems or not, and different members of this list will have
different views about how realistic it is or isn't to be harassed over
writing some code.  In the end it makes little difference.  The problem with
ecash is that it doesn't do enough things significantly better than current
solutions for a retail system.  It does some things much worse.  I've always
believed that the best deployment would be in a interbank role, where
clearing and settlement actually have important time components-
counter-party credit, Herstatt risk, etc. and the sums are large enough to
make small to moderate improvements in performance important.
Coding is hard, let's go shopping?
In other words the market for it?
"Start-up" is the part that trips it up, not "large and collaborative
project."  At least, insofar as "start-up" means "spend untold millions
hiring 150 recent college grads for $120,000 a year, trying to beat
Microsoft for 'most opulent campus' hiring a 'start-up advisory' firm to
clean the mess up after your third failed follow-on financing and otherwise
acting like idiots."  Competent firms, and competent managers don't do such
things.  (Granted they are few and far between since 1997).  Don't paint
dot-coms with a brush so wide it slathers legitimate ventures as well.
As for small ecash projects you might want to consider something.
Historically there is a certain group of firms that are among the, if not
_the_, most stable and reliable financial institutions.  Those are closely
held private banks.  In Switzerland, Austria, and once in Italy, these are
subject to unlimited liability.  (Usually they are unlimited general
partnerships).  That means that the owners are fully liable for all the
liabilities of the bank to the extent of their entire set of business AND
personal assets.  Usually they are run by well known families with
substantial fortunes.  I am not aware of any of these institutions failing
(or indeed failing to make a profit) since they have existed (provided there
was an heir apparent to the institution in existence- eliminating the "last
round" problem).  At the same time these firms provide little, or indeed NO
disclosure over their activities or holdings either to depositors, or to
authorities.  One firm I know of pays the same amount in taxes every year,
even if they owe less, to prevent any reverse engineering of profits.  This
same firm returns 17%-20% regularly on their "Silver Fund" for which no
prospectus or description is available- even to investors.
All this illustrates an important principal.  Secrecy and limited liability,
by necessity, have a zero sum relationship.  As you increase secrecy you
must decrease limited liability in step.  "Secret, Limited Liability,
Successful, pick two."  The combination of limited (non-existent) liability
and secrecy is simply an impossibility for a financial organization.  "A
Small unknown and poorly financed firm" might as well be limited liability
for our purposes- no one is going to see a dime back from it if it fails.
Also, note that unlimited liability has a much stronger assurance quality.
(See e.g., Enron, FDIC insurance for the failure of "disclosure" to properly
compensate for limited liability or moral hazard).
Additionally, based on my experience doing business with cypherpunks there
is no hope for "business credentials without identity" amongst those who
should be the most receptive to it.  (The due diligence demands of
cypherpunks I've encountered in the business world far exceed those I
endured at the hands of European banking authorities).  Then again, perhaps
the paranoia of cypherpunks types is better developed than that of European
banking authorities.  (That could be taken many ways, depending on your view
of European banking types).  I suspect that you might find that a small
ecash project, which by its nature would appeal to cypherpunks as clear (and
perhaps the only) first adopters will find that most cypherpunks "would not
invest $1 of my own money in such a thing."  That should be all that needs
to be said about the viability of a "small ecash project."
Perhaps one might make a distinction between the development of an ecash
system and its deployment, but I doubt it will make much difference.  The
basic tools of ecash have been floating about for some time.
I submit that we should endeavor to find a motivator a bit more solid than
that it would entertain the developers.  It sounds suspiciously as if you
might need an entertainment center in your dot-com campus.  Entertainment
for the developers is, of course, what the firm is in business for.  (From
what I know of you that's a bit shocking to hear.  If that's all the case
then just write the damn thing and distribute it via usenet, Mr. Lackey).

@_date: 2001-12-25 06:53:18
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: Illusional delusions 
Yes yes, here we go.  A cutesy technical argument about why this that or
another doesn't fit the strict definition of this that or the other offense.
I'm sure the prosecutor, the judge and the jury will be eager to listen.
Therefore murder, if not witnessed, never happened.  If a body falls in the
The fact that party X commits a crime without being witnessed does not
eliminate the crime.  It merely makes prosecution a bit harder.
Good luck finding a currency that is not "state-money."  The state does a
wonderful thing.  It provides legitimacy to investment vehicles.  It does so
through imposing (or eliminating) liability for transactions failures of
various sorts.  If you don't recognize the importance of that (or propose a
private solution that does a similar thing) then you aren't worth listening
to.  Remember that multiple-issuer currencies have been tried before in just
about any economy you choose to name.  There is a reason none exist anymore.
(Bad money displaces good, or any other of 15 college or early graduate
level economics courses will enlighten you if you choose to pursue them with
anything like interest).
Not new?  Name 5 prominent reputation brokers.  Reputation services?
Reputation clearing agents?  What manner of reputation do they measure?
Trustworthiness?  Identity?  Creditworthiness?  One?  None?  All?  (I can
only think of two, neither of which approach the level of sophistication you
propose here).
Oh boy.
You want work too hard to stay out of the state's sight.
Tell me a bit more about how wonderful the world would be without economies
of scale.
Uh... sure.
(Incidentally, it's "Illusory Delusions."  "Ilusional" isn't a word.  It's
also "Imbalance" not "Disbalance").  I'm prone to typo occasionally too, but
try not to make words up unless your in uncharted waters, eh?

@_date: 2001-12-31 08:01:34
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: Choices of small handguns 
Mr. May indicates:
Not that this has even a touch of relevance to cp's but-
I refuse to use anything else.
Ancient German P7 secret:
You can decock the pistol silently by disengaging the squeeze cock mechanism
under the trigger guard and flush with the depressed squeeze-cocker with the
thumb on your free hand and slowly releasing pressure on the cocker.  It's
pretty easy to engage the cocker silently as well, but why bother?  I
consider it like a set trigger.  It only gets cocked when the target is
acquired, identified and in the sights anyhow.  If you really need that
first shot to be deadly quiet you can hold the trigger down while you prowl
and use the squeeze cocker as the trigger instead.  (Sort of like a Steyr
SSG set trigger).  They are interchangeable.
You can pound them to death and they deliver first shot accuracy every time.
I put my first one literally through the wringer as a tester before buying
my second.  I doubt my torture testing was as official as the series done on
the p7s by the German army, (which includes an encounter with an APC) but I
was awfully satisfied.  They chew up +P+ ammo with ease.
They are one of the few well manufactured pistols that have properly
balanced tolerances with a fixed barrel and still aren't subject to a lot of
jamming or ammo pickiness.  It loves being dirty and will shoot on and on
regardless of what its been through.  (Fluted chamber helps here).  Combined
with good ammo, like say Golden Saber, the gun, if not the user, will
outshoot about anything that isn't designed specifically for competition
(i.e. impractical for real use).
More importantly it is simply the fastest, most accurate handgun from draw
to target to fire that I've ever used.  Best concealed carry around, in my
Like I said, I don't bother with anything else anymore.

@_date: 2002-01-14 05:43:40
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: When prisoners of war aren't even close. (Was: RE: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention) 
I've been quite amused to watch all the wrangling about the "Geneva
Convention" with respect to captives held by the United States in relation
to the events of September 11th- both here and in the media.
First of all, no one seems to bother specifying which "Geneva Convention"
they are referring to.  (Several agreements between states would apply.  I
assume that what is meant is the Geneva Convention Relative to the Treatment
of Prisoners of War.
I don't believe any of the captives apply to this definition, or any of the
other protections generally referred to as the "Geneva Convention" for
several reasons.
Let's review some of the assertions made by mattd (who I had ploinked but so
many morons here are apt to quote him that there seems to be no escape) and
Where do you see this?  Let's look at the language of the Convention,
instead of the Fox News bullet points, shall we?
The Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War was
Adopted on 12 August 1949 by the Diplomatic Conference for the Establishment
of International Conventions for the Protection of Victims of War, held in
Geneva from April to August, 1949.  (The "Third Convention")
It entered into force for the then signatories on October 21, 1950.
Article 2
"In addition to the provisions which shall be implemented in peace time, the
present Convention shall apply to all cases of declared war or of any other
armed conflict which may arise between two or more of the High Contracting
Parties, even if the state of war is not recognized by one of them."
I'm afraid al Qaeda is not a high contracting party.  A state of war does
not exist in the United States, as congress has no so declared.  Well, can
we get it in somewhere else?
"The Convention shall also apply to all cases of partial or total occupation
of the territory of a High Contracting Party, even if the said occupation
meets with no armed resistance."
Since no international body I am aware of recognizes that al Qaeda has any
territory to occupy I think that is out.  I suppose one might pretend that
the United States is "occupying" Afghanistan, but given that the Americans
are outnumbered by some thousands to one in ratio I kind of doubt this will
"Although one of the Powers in conflict may not be a party to the present
Convention, the Powers who are parties thereto shall remain bound by it in
their mutual relations. They shall furthermore be bound by the Convention in
relation to the said Power, if the latter accepts and applies the provisions
Specifically, if three parties are "in conflict" and one is not a signatory,
the remaining two powers shall abide by the Convention with respect to each
other.  They shall also abide by it with respect to the non-signatory,
provided that non-signatory accepts and applies the provisions of the
Convention.  Anyone want to who try and tell me that al Qaeda "accepts and
applies the provisions of the Convention?"
Even if it were al Qaeda members do not fall into the definition of
"protected persons" or "prisoners of war" as defined by the Third
Convention.  It's pretty specific in Article 4:
"Article 4
A. Prisoners of war, in the sense of the present Convention, are persons
belonging to one of the following categories, who have fallen into the power
of the enemy:
1. Members of the armed forces of a Party to the conflict as well as members
of militias or volunteer corps forming part of such armed forces."
Nope.  Al Qaeda is a group of diverse nationalities.  They are not members
of any particular armed forces.  Even if we believe they are an armed force
of their own right, they are not a Party to the convention.
"2. Members of other militias and members of other volunteer corps,
including those of organized resistance movements..."
Oh wait!  Wait!
"...belonging to a Party to the conflict..."
Damn.  Nope.  Well, maybe if we really stretch things...
"...and operating in or outside their own territory, even if this territory
is occupied, provided that such militias or volunteer corps, including such
organized resistance movements, fulfill the following conditions:
(a) That of being commanded by a person responsible for his subordinates..."
Sure, sure, thank you Osama...
"...(b) That of having a fixed distinctive sign recognizable at a
Well, maybe we can fudge this.
"...(c) That of carrying arms openly..."
Yep, that's easy.
"...(d) That of conducting their operations in accordance with the laws and
customs of war..."
Oops.  Well, maybe we can look the other way on this one?
If you're going to make legal arguments, use legal definitions.  Finding the
definition that applies to the Conventions is left as an exercise for the
reader.  (Hint: It's not in dictionary.com).
Oh boy.  Medication time.  Medication time.  I do so love when people quote
what they think is chapter and verse only to totally disregard it when its
convenient to the argument to do so.  Reader Exercise   Are the victims
of the World Trade Center and Pentagon attacks "non-combatants" for the
purposes of the convention?  Reader Exercise  Why doesn't it make any
[Noise about the US being a criminal association deleted]
See above.
It most certainly is not.
Bush can declare whatever he likes to the press.  Only congress can declare
war for the purposes of the Convention.
Now I'm getting sleepy.  Blather tires me eventually.
Final student exercises:  Why don't the Geneva Convention relative to the
Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War (The Fourth Convention) or the
Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of August 1949, and relating
to the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts (Protocol 1)
apply to the captives either?

@_date: 2002-02-02 21:19:58
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: GAO V. CHENEY IS BIG-TIME STALLING: 
Independent and nonpartisan... oh that's rich.  I haven't laughed so hard
since Triumph the insult comic dog covered the Westminster Dog Show.

@_date: 2002-02-05 22:43:59
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: What Kind Of Government...... 
Don't forget the 2nd and 3rd as well as the 11th through 27th.  (18th

@_date: 2002-02-06 06:29:55
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: Happy Fun [Insert Noun Here] (Was: RE: What Kind Of Government....) 
It is only because people keep quoting him and circumventing my filter
Annoyed with yet another Choate foray into law (my offer to pay for the LSAT
fee stands- registration for June 2002 starts in mid-March) I quipped:
Mr. May then said:
CDR Anonymizer said:
For the last time, it's "Do not taunt Happy Fun Court."
I think Mr. May enjoys trying to minimize my commentary based on some
perception that I'm anything but flattered that my (badly tortured over
time) quote from long ago gets so much play here.  I suppose it does get old
but then again all press is good press.
"Thanks, I'll be here all week."

@_date: 2002-02-11 23:43:38
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: Chotian Paine in the butt.  (Was: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment) 
I believe Ms. Farr is referring to Brigadier General E. A. Paine.
Like Thomas Paine he also wrote quite a bit on Hereditary rights.  Since you
weren't adroit enough to specify which Paine you meant, it's quite
convenient for you to switch midstream, nay?
This will make three of your addresses now in my killfile.  *ploink*

@_date: 2002-02-15 17:53:49
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: AOL disables crypto AIM clients. 
You may or may not know that Trillian ( has been working on
a multi-service instant messanger.  Currently, it supports Yahoo, ICQ, AIM
and MSN.  Personally, I think its the best implementation out there.
Recently Trillian deployed an SSLeay based encryption package that does just
a wonderful job of simple and seemingly effective and transparent encryption
for AIM and ICQ (though I can't claim to have tested its strength much, or
looked at its internals, it claims to use blowfish and basic packet sniffing
shows it does a good job).
As soon as this was released AOL moved against the client by making certain
"security" changes which made the client incompatible.  Trillian was updated
to fix the problem.  AOL disabled the client again.  Trillian was updated
again.  AOL then disabled the client in such a way that it would connect
only if the crypto was disabled.  (How interesting).  Trillian was updated.
Finally, today, AOL made changes that result in the following message sent
to a Trillian user:
"AOL Instant Messenger: You have been disconnected from the AOL Instant
Message Service (SM) for accessing the AOL network using unauthorized
software. You can download a FREE, fully featured, and authorized client,
here  ."
According to a Trillian user:
"How they know other clients are connected is because on the protocol that
AIM/Trillian use (called OSCAR). The message is for lack of a better word
"signature encrypted" by the AIM client and sent to the AIM servers.. where
this messgage is "decrypted" and if it dosent "decrypt" the way its supposed
to (comes from the AIM client) then thats how they know its not coming from
an AIM client."
Interestingly, ICQ, despite its AOL connection, works fine with encrypted
IMs and Trillian.
I think it might be of use for some people on this list, in the interest of
strong crypto distribution, to take a quick peek at AIM, Trillian, the
crypto and etc. to find out:
1.  Why AOL seems to be obsessed with stomping out non AIM connections to
the IM service?
2.  Why the focus on disabling encrypted traffic over AIM?  (Perhaps they
are a bit too used to having access to AIM user's traffic?)
Clearly AOL has the right to regulate traffic over their network, so my
interest is not a legal/ethical one.  I do think it might be interesting to
ask why AOL isn't making its own effort to secure the millions of AIM users
with crypto (seemingly a desireable feature in the abstract).
"Why does AOL want to read your IMs?"

@_date: 2002-02-21 14:07:33
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: Groucho in bulk 
As some will remember, we did this at FC98.
I'll look up the supplier.

@_date: 2004-03-26 18:17:58
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: the Black Bloc Corporation 
What you are asking about (at Tort in any event) is the legal doctrine of
respondeat superior ("let the master answer") making the "master" liable for
certain acts of the "servant."  An employer is therefore typically liable
for injury to person or property resulting from acts of an employee (See
Generally, Black's Law Dictionary).
There are lots of parallel ways to impose criminal liability in the same
fashion.  The government's favorite is generally the rather notorious
concept of "conspiracy."

@_date: 2004-03-27 02:39:27
@_author: "Black Unicorn" 
@_subject: RE: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
Nichols was dumb enough to actually be caught in possession of a card used
in at last part of the conspiracy.
Other cards that seem to be linked to Nichols were used to locate or obtain
ANFO and call the rental agency for the Ryder truck as well as other numbers
linked to the crime.
That is public knowledge at this point.  Clearly, logs are available to law
enforcement vis-a-vis pre-paid calling cards when they wish to use them.
Given the time between the bombing and the capture of at least one of the
cards (3-4 days) I suspect those logs are available for at least a few days.
Given that the prosecutors claim to be able to link the ANFO purchase via
calling cards it is probably a lot longer.
What is confusing are the reports that the calling card (or one of them)
"bore the name Daryl Bridges."  Pre-paid cards don't have names imprinted on
them.  They would have to have a spot to write them in deliberately.  I
haven't seen this on any and why would anyone (particularly as part of a
criminal conspiracy) do such a thing?
Keeping calling cards from leaking information probably isn't possible.
Limiting the information leaked to that which is already known or is useless
is probably the best bet.   Using separate cards for separate operations /
cells and immediate disposal seems pretty critical.
Note something else, however.  I haven't heard of any instances of real time
calling card interception.  One was described here on the list but that
presupposes that a degree of surveillance already exists around the subject.
All bets are pretty much off in that event.  Calling cards are "after the
fact" evidence, not preventative evidence.
