
@_date: 2004-07-18 21:54:28
@_author: Eldora Acly 
@_subject: Sun, 18 Jul 2004 17:04:44 -0500 Don't Miss This Hot Pick Today! measly 
Insider Market Watch For GDNO,_This Is Going To Skyrocket Fast.quark
Recomme.ndation: Get. Immedi.ately droop
Short Term price will be - 1.10
  Long Term price will be - 1.75
  Breaking News: Golden Opportunity Resources Inc. To Commence Drilling The Black   Tiger
 Sto.ck Expe.cted to Exp.lode the Week Of Mon.day Ju.ly 19.th - Num.erous newslet.t   ers will pro.file the co.mpany
GDNO_-_is set to explode Mon. day and All Week.
 Short Term price will be - 1.10
  Long Term price will be - 1.75
 ++ UR. GE.NT Tr.ading Al.ert ++
Comp.any Prof.ile
  Gol.den Oppor.tunity R.esources, Inc.,   Ticker: GDNO
  Cu.rrent Pr.ice: 0.31
  Ra.ting: Under.valued Get It Immediately As Much As You Can
HOT NEWS:
  MISSO.ULA, MT, /PRNew.swire-FirstCall via COMTEX/ -- Golden Opportun.ity Resources,   Inc., (OTC Pink: GDNO) a Neva.da Corporation. Gold.en Opportu.nity Re.sources is pleased to report that it will soon com   .mence dril.ling the first we.ll on the Bl.ack Tig.er prosp.ect with its 50/50   jo.int ve.nture part.ner, Big Sn.owy Reso.urces L.P. Rig mobil.ization and preliminary   grou.ndwork has been complet.ed and has facili.tated the dril.ling to begin   the sec.ond week of July.
Mr. Bill Mor.ton, co.mpany Pres.ident and C.EO sta.tes, "we are extr.emely   exc.ited to be dril.ling the Bl.ack Ti.ger, consider.ing the his.tory, geo.logy   and lo.cation of this pro.spect." The Bla.ck Ti.ger pr.oject is loc.ated wi.thin the so.uth cent.ral po.rtion   of the Central Montana Upl.ift, approxi.mately 60 miles north of Bill.ings in   T10N, R25E of Musse.lshell County, Montana. Struct.urally, the field lies on   the southe.astern plunging nose of the huge Devil's Basin anticline and just   7 miles west of the original Tyler discovery in the Big Wall Oil Field. Since the Texas Company (Texaco) Tyler discovery at Big Wall on April 4, 1948,   over 110 million barrels of Tyler oil have been produced in the Tyler Fairway   within 50 miles of the "Black Tiger" prospect. +++++> Don't Wait Get GDNO_PK...Today It WIll Go Crazy All Week!_<++++
  Di.scla.imer..farmhouse
  Inform.ation within this email contains "f.orward look.ing state.ments"   within the meaning of Sect.ion 27A of the Sec.urities Ac.t of 1933 and Sect.ion   21B of the Securit.ies Exc.hange Ac.t of 1934. Any stat.ements that express   or involve discu.ssions with resp.ect to pre.dictions, goa.ls, expec.tations,   be.liefs, pl.ans, proje.ctions, object.ives, assu.mptions or fut.ure eve.nts   or perform.ance are not stat.ements of histo.rical fact and may be "forw.ard   loo.king stat.ements."
  For.ward looking state.ments are based on expect.ations, estim.ates and project.ions   at the time the statem.ents are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties   which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those prese.ntly   anticipated. Forward look.ing statements in this action may be identified through   the use of words su.ch as: "pro.jects", "for.esee", "expects",   "est.imates," "be.lieves," "underst.ands" "wil.l,"   "part of: "anticip.ates," or that by stat.ements indi.cating   certain actions "may," "cou.ld," or "might" occur.   All information provided within this em.ail pertai.ning to inv.esting, st.ocks,   securi.ties must be u nder.stood as informa.tion provided and not investm.ent   advice. Eme.rging Equity Al.ert advi.ses all re.aders and subscrib.ers to seek   advice from a registered profe.ssional secu.rities represent.ative before dec.iding   to trade in sto.cks featured within this ema.il. None of the mate.rial within   this rep.ort shall be constr.ued as any kind of invest.ment advi.ce. Please   have in mind that the interpr.etation of the witer of this newsl.etter about   the news published by the company does not represent the com.pany official sta.tement   and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news rele.ase meant   to say. Please read the news release by your.self and judge by yourself about   the detai.ls in it.
  predicate  millieme ancestress hobgoblin pediatric river insufficient krakow subjective outwit siva equine comfy
