
@_date: 2015-06-16 05:18:16
@_author: Venzen 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] questions about bitcoin-XT code fork & non-consensus hard-fork 
Mike Hearn,
In the light of your responses to Adam Back's questions, below, I feel
it is time to speak up because what I now understand, and is implied,
is that Mike Hearn and Gavin Andresen have planned and deployed the
infrastructure for a Bitcoin hard-fork and intend to action it despite
majority opposition.  I'll try to keep it brief:
Mike Hearn, you should cease your activity of a unilateral hard-fork
immediately. You are doing untold damage by breaking FOSS governance
protocol requiring methodical collaborative work and due process of
change implementation by consensus. Your actions are bad for the
Bitcoin project and its ideals, disrespectful of your peers and years
of their passionate hard work, and dangerous for Bitcoin in the
marketplace and bitcoin in peoples' wallets.
Mike Hearn and Gavin Andresen do not own Bitcoin and, emphatically,
you cannot have it. Your hard-fork is tantamount to theft and you and
your collaborators will effectively ex-communicate yourselves from
this project and community. It appears that you are consciously trying
to usurp ownership and maintenance of Bitcoin. As if it is that easy!
You clearly do not comprehend the array of risks - especially the
unanticipated ones. As the market saying goes: "If you think
speculation is easy, it is because you are ignorant about the risks".
If you take the risks with Mike&GavCoin, that would be fine, but you
are about to take them with community-owned Bitcoin and Other People's
You are causing a lot of stress, unnecessarily, and grave concern
surrounds your proposed renegade action. You can dissolve the threat:
those players to whom you have made promises can be appeased and
eventually get most of what they need from this FOSS project. The
developers whom you are railroading to get your way, and the way in
which you are doing it, is about to cause a schism that will expand
outward from this community.
You may accuse the community for being antagonistic to you, and
therefore uncooperative, but it is plain to see that your bullheaded
manner eventually generates antagonism wherever you go. Taking Bitcoin
away from this community, in anger, won't solve the problem and will
be like killing the goose that lays the golden eggs.
If an individual in an objectively agreed-to FOSS-modelled
collaborative project has the audacity to threaten his peers and the
world with a unilateral hard-fork despite majority objection and a
probability distribution that includes terminal risks and unintended
consequences, then what would an impartial outsider think? Some of
their thoughts would include that the antagonist could be acting in
self-interest, or may be a paid actor, or worse, a saboteur. What
would they advise? Stop that individual, at once!
Bitcoin is a Free and Open Source Software project that serves as
flagship for the blockchain. It has a payment network but the key
benefits are censorship resistance and trustless decentralization.
There is protocol for how change is effected in a FOSS project. For
the sake of everything that is good and useful in Bitcoin, reconsider
your dangerous plan and its intended and unintended consequences. Put
your feet back on the ground, return to the fold and let the
collaborative FOSS model, and the skills available here, gradually
scale Bitcoin to your (and all our) grand vision.
Venzen Khaosan
