
@_date: 2005-02-24 21:49:33
@_author: "Vestine Salima Kerageya" 
@_subject: Consideration Offer with Honesty 
My Dear, I know this proposal letter might be a pleasant suprised to you as we don't know ourselves before. I am Mr Vestine Salima kerageya, a  Liberian born 20 years ago, now seeking asylum in Dakar Senegal under (UNHCR) I contacted you as a cause of my serious search for a reliable and trust worthy person that can handle such a confidential transaction of this nature.
My father (Late) Mr kegema Kerageya the former Deputy Minister of Finance under the executive civilian president of Liberia, but was assasinated by the rebels during the civil war and properties destroyed, but I narrowly escaped with some very important documents of (US$7.5M) Seven Point Five Million U.S Dollars deposited by my late father in a high financial company here in Dakar-Senegal under my name as next of kin.
However, I seek with the problem of securing a trust worthy foreign personality to help me transfer this money pending my arrive to meet with you. Furthermore, I only want this to be done this way because your country is politically stable for any profitable investment, and I also want to add here that if accepted by you, you will serve as the original beneciary of the money.
I feel confidence therefore, to introduce this offer to you. For your participation and all your assistance regarding this transfer, I have decided to give you % on what we have mutaully agreed upon of the total money. Therefore, you are requested to furnish me back immediately you receive this request to transfer this money from Dakar Senegal to your country residence account or any account of your interest.
On commencement of this transaction I want to let you understand that the future of myself depends solely on this money. So please keep this business to yourself only to avoid raise eye brow of any third party.
I am eagerly expecting your urgent response.
Yours Sincerely,
Vestine Salima Kerageya.
Contact me with..vestsalima2004
