
@_date: 2002-07-23 01:50:57
@_author: "Barrister Victor Peters" 
@_subject: [apache-server] URGENT ASSISTANCE 
VICTOR PETERS CHAMBER
Legal Practitioners/ Notary Public
Block 24, Falomo Office Complex,
lkoyi. Lagos - Nigeria.
Dear sir/madam
 have not met, permit me however, I am BARRISTER VICTOR PETERS. I  am contacting you to kindly assist me in the proposition below,  which will be of mutual benefit to both of us.
 PROPOSITION: A Salvadorean, Mr. Ramirez Vidaurre, 66 year30,000,000.00 (Thirty  Million US Dollars),he named his wife Mrs. Helga Vidaurre as the NEXT OF KIN. I was called upon as an Accredited Attorney to the Bank to  sign/endorse documents to this deposit on Mr.Vidaurre behalf.
Unfortunately, Mr.& Mrs. Vidaurre were killed in the January 14,  earthquake that rocked El Salvador, killing thousands of people  and 1,200 others were declared missing.
The Bank Management now mandates me (being the lawyer that signed  and endorsed the deposit papers for the deceased) to trace the  family relatives of the deceased so that the funds will be released to them. I was made to understand that they had no  children.
I made several efforts through the El Salvadorean High Commission  in Lagos to contact any of the deceased family relatives, but to  no avail. Failure to reach any of the deceased family relatives, the option left for the Bank Management is to declare  the deceased account dormant and revert the funds on trading and  investment in the interest of the Bank.
Inorder to avoid this development, since it has so far been  impossible to trace any of the deceased family relatives, I now  seek your permission and assistance to have you stand as a distant  relative to the deceased so that the fund will be released to you  and we can use it for our mutual benefit.
I hope you do understand my concern in this matter,that if we dont  use this opportunity to claim this fund, since the deceased  relatives cannot be traced, the Management of the Bank will  declare the deceased account dormant and revert the fund on  trading and investment in the interest of the Bank.
For your assistance, you will be compensated adequately with (30%)  of the total sum, (70%) will
be my share, while (10%) will be set aside to cover any incidental  expense made both at home and abroad prior to this transaction.
If you are interested in assisting me with this matter, please,  send to me urgently via my email the following details below:
 1. Your full name and complete contact address
 2. Your Private telephone and fax number (urgent)
 3. Your date of birth (Age)
Upon receiving the above details from you, I will work out every  document/proof representing you as the deceased BONA-FIDE distant  relative and when this is done, you will be contacted by the bank for the release and collection of the fund, which will be within  one week of my receiving the above details from you. l will meet  with you in your country after the fund have been released to you  and also to discuss investments potentials.
May I assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free, as I  have taken care of all necessary modalities to enable a hitch-free transaction. Kindly ensure to treat this matter in strict privacy (highly confidential).
 l look forward to your urgent Response.
 Cheers and God bless.
 Best Regards
 BARRISTER VICTOR PETERS
------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
Will You Find True Love?
Will You Meet the One?
Free Love Reading by phone!
