
@_date: 2005-02-18 05:30:00
@_author: vxr@hotmail.com 
@_subject: LINZHI,SHIITAKE MUSHROOM 
LINZHI,SHIITAKE MUSHROOM
What can this product do for your health?
Clinical trials for the past decades had proven well for patients with various serious ailments, ranging from cancers, diabetes, jaundice, etc¡­ This health supplements contribute a definite share to enforce our immune system. It had prolonged life for many. The immense benefits for healthy living derive from these tablets-Linzhi made in Japan, Minato Pharmaceuticals, approve by JHFA, and have been ongoing since its foray to the markets in 1972.
Repeated orders embolden marketers to work on this Supplements and having such a long standing reputation, especially price unchanged, no buyers should feel shortchange, whether purchase through me, over here in internet or pharmacy.
Against the backdrop of a few decades where many found the way for a healthy living, and it did shows stark improvements for sick folks fighting their dreaded diseases, after consuming it, skeptics had long been gone for good.
This is a real Treasure, actually, and I hope you discover it. Many have gone to treasure hunting end up with fake-products, but I offer it to you, a good product at a price, which is unchanged by the parent- company for all these decades:
Singapore $180 per bottle/300 tablets. /add S$20 for Courier service to your address and country.
For the very sick folks a maximum consumption up to 12 tablets per day.6-9 tablets per day is ideal. Normal people can take 3 tablets, in one dose per day. Children, one tablet per day.
Make your order to:
Mr. Frankie. Sole Authorized agent for South East Asia.
Frankie and Trading Partners.[Reg: 5298 6223 M in Singapore]
[Chua and Lin Chemical Supplies]
1] Provide your address, and email me your order. It will be sent by Federal Express courier service/or UPS to your home.
Beneficiary Bank:     United Overseas Bank, Singapore
Account No:              109-309-631-8
Favouring:          Frankie and TradingPartners
 2] T.T. the money, per bottle/S$200 to:
Payable to:           Frankie and TradingPartners
Address:        UOB Tanjong Pagar
Blk 1 Tanjong Pagar Plaza                           Singapore082001
 3] Send a Cheque/Bank draft drawn in Singapore:
4] Any queries contact me:      s9641315 or
 Tel: 65-63859490   [Hotline]
  Hand phone: 65-94777955
5] Local distributor also needed in Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, and Brunei etc.
6] This is a genuine and reliable products sale. There is no hidden cost.
7] You have only one earthly life, live it well and longer. Are these Supplements a cure for all? It was a cure for many diseases so far, and don¡¯t let it slip away from your hold.
FUKKEN¡¯ meaning "Health is Happiness", was developed by the late Mr. Kengo Minato, former president of Minato Pharmaceutical Co. in Japan. In 1972, he obtained documents regarding the unique activities of the mycelium in Shiitake mushroom and initiated collection of data and laboratory experiments on that substance. During this stage, Mr. Minato became associated with Dr. Hitoshi Nakaoka, who is a researcher on mycelium of the Shiitake mushroom. Mycelium is found in the roots of shiitake mushroom and is the main ingredient, which makes "FUKKEN" so special and unique.
From the pioneer of superior-quality mushroom supplements, legendary FUKKEN is 100% Japanese shiitake mushroom mycelium.
 A 47-patent extraction process is utilized to preserve all the precious shiitake nutrients: protein, fat carbohydrates, minerals and vitamins? including vitamins A, B1, B2, B6, B12, C, D and niacin; along with the valued properties of the mycelium enzymes, polysaccharides, and all eight essential amino acids*¡­#
The Japanese have long known the special fine properties of the Shiitake mushroom. Recent experiments have shown that a particular polysaccharide, lentinan, which is found in concentration only in the Shiitake mushroom, appears to have the ability to support an already healthy immune system.* Shiitake mushrooms are grown from mycelium (spawn) in the dead log or compost heap from which they draw their sustenance. The mushrooms that appear above the ground or on logs are the fruiting bodies of the spawn, which one rarely ever sees. The fruiting body develops before the mycelium dies as a result of vigorous growth and propagating power.
 What is a mycelium?
An unfamiliar word to most of us, mycelium is the often-invisible, fine, thread-like ¡®roots¡¯ of the mushroom. Like a seed, the mycelium houses the source of the propagating power and rich nutrients that have yet to be exhausted through flowering. The amount of this immeasurable life force is far more superior than that found in the cap and stem of a mushroom (the part we commonly eat).
The immense value of the shiitake mushroom has been recognized for many
centuries in Asia, having been demanded by royalty and warriors alike for its
numerous nutritional benefits. Modern day Japanese still drink the syrupy water that shiitake is soaked in as a dietary supplement drink. Many studies were made to ascertain about this Shiitake Mushroom and its boasted medical breakthrough .The results were all positive, when it was tried on mice and on human. Scientists in Singapore did the research, and it goes well, favouring its good value for health and for fighting against Cancer, and especially when it does immense help in strengthening human immune system.
The medical doctors in Singapore are recommending it to patients, and repeated order is a norm, for decades.
Today, because of so many Health Supplements perpetuated by Multi-Level marketing, it has confusions on the fakes and the genuine, and it has overwhelmed the market with too many unreliable health-products. But the price of this Fukken and its quality had been unchanged throughout all these years. This Japanese product is reliable, and it truly blesses your family with good health.
The brand speaks for itself.
Yours truly,
Mr. Frankie Lee 18th /February/2005
* Copyrights 2005.
All Rights Reserved.
The product, registered in Japan Health Food Association, as ship to customers are done with good faith, and the companies operate on the basis of integrity and, honors to establish branding, reputation and reliability. These health products are serious business, and it matter life and death, imitation and fakes shall be dealt with accordingly. False and misleading information would not be contain in the marketing strategy, and distributors who wish to join partnership with us must adhere to its strictest policies and are welcome to be partner with it.
Singapore Laws are applied with the draconian effects for the offenders, and the sole distributor rights are presently confined to Singapore Company, for South East Asia markets [Japan exception]. Sporadic sales are seen everywhere, with small operations thus far, but sole distributor rights have yet been given to Malaysia, Brunei, Indonesia, Thailand, Burma, China and Hong Kong.
