
@_date: 2001-11-26 19:36:36
@_author: walcott1968@yahoo.com 
@_subject: PROVEN Work at Home System that Generates FREE LEADS! 
PROVEN Work at Home System that GENERATES FREE LEADS! Hi, My name is Normie I am an ordinary woman living in the US who as learned how to make a living on the Internet working from home. I am willing to teach you to do the same, in simple easy to understand lessons so you can be successful to. I will work with you and teach you everything I know for FREE! This is an international business and everyone is welcome, it doesn't matter who you are or where you're from, anyone can do this.
You don't have to be a computer whiz or genius to learn to earn on the Internet. You just need a dream and be willing to give some time to learning and implementing the things I teach you. You won't GET RICH QUICK but you will be able to build a good solid income, an income that will depend solely on you and whether or not you are willing to learn. If you are willing to learn and want to get to know and work with a real person, then contact me. I am real and I promise to help you all that I can.
You are wondering why would I help you for Free? The company that I am affiliated with pay me commissions on what I do to promote their products/services. If I teach others to do the same they pay me commissions on how well you do at promoting their products/services also.
So my goal will be to teach you so well that you are making money and I am making money. I like it when the big boys pay me, and not the little guy like you and me. If you join me and my dedicated team I will even give you a fully working registered copy of Desktop Server 2000 & Atomic Harvester 3 ($500 value). These two incredible programs have been solely responsible for all my success of the last few months.
I you are interested in learning more please send a blank E-Mail with “Tell Me More” in the subject line and mail it to walcott1968
I look forward to hearing back from you soon and hopefully working closely with you in the near future.
Normie M. Walcott
This is a onetime mailing, you will not receive any further E-mail's from me and you do not have to remove yourself from any list.
*****This is NOT SPAM, this is a series of e-mail that you have requested regarding our business.****

@_date: 2002-02-02 09:44:40
@_author: walcott1968@yahoo.com 
@_subject: We're In This Together! 
Hi, My name is Normie
I am an ordinary individual living in the USA who has learned how to make a living on the Internet working from home.  I am willing to teach you to do the same, in simple easy to understand lessons so you can be successful too.  I will work with you and teach you everything I know for FREE, with out over whelming you with to much information at first.
It is an International Business and is available in over 190 countries worldwide.  It doesn't matter who you are or where you from, any one can work this very profitable online business with a little help from me.
You don't have to be a computer whiz or genius to learn to earn on the Internet, an income that will depend solely on you and whether or not you are willing to learn.  If you are willing to learn and want to get to know and work with a real person, then contact me.  I am a real person and I promise to help you all that I can.
So my goal will be to teach you so well that you are making money and I am making money.   I like it when the big boys pay me, and not the little guys like you and me.
If you are interested in learning more please send a blank E-mail with "Tell Me More" in the subject line and mailto: walcott1968
I look forward to hearing back from you soon and hopefully working closely with you in the near This is a onetime mailing, you will not receive any further E-mail's from me, to remove yourself from this list remove me
Reply to me: myleads4sale  You received this email because you or someone using your email address visited a site message board, or signed a guest book on a site that has to do with home business, and I visited that site and got your address there.
