
@_date: 2013-10-09 20:44:21
@_author: Walter Parker 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
But, your initial question was not "What level of security and integrity is
provided by pfSense?" or "How do judge the safety and security of pfSense?"
Your question was "Has pfSense been compromised by Big Brother?"
In the context of your Bank  question it reads more like "Have you been
robbed yet?" or "Are you working with crooks?" and not "How safe is my
For Microsoft it reads "How broken is Word", not "How good is Word?" Or
closer to the question "Are you in bed with the NSA", not "How safe are are
Word documents from others?"
Most people are happy to engage in questions of the form "Tell about what
your product does to solve/fix the problem?" and consider questions of the
form "Have you sold out to the NSA?" or "How broken is your product?" to be
I ask you "How broken are you?" It is a simple question, what is your
response? Do you feel at all insulted by that question.
You seem to be missing the idea that the context of the question matters.
Do some research on the parse "Have you stopped beating your wife yet?" and
tell me if you would be upset if someone asked you that question.

@_date: 2013-10-09 20:20:36
@_author: Walter Parker 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
Also, per the founder's statements, this was not the first request. He had
"helped" the government with requests for information about other users in
the past...
See the latest Wired/Ars Tech write ups for what was different this time.

@_date: 2013-10-09 17:04:48
@_author: Walter Parker 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
About that made in the USA thing, the NSA has deals with overseas companies
as well...
Plus, the GCHQ and several other foreign spy agency's have done similar
things, so if you starting asking, you discover that the major governments
are trying to do this and have succeed more often than we would like.
Also, the whole "We have to ask to ask the question to get the denial on
record" only matters for the government or people with lots of money. The
Government can sue you/arrest you for a lie, but do "you" have enough money
to pay for lawsuits against a company? Most lawyers want money upfront
unless you have clear suit against a company with lots of money.
 When was the last (or even first time) that a company was sued and lost to
a private party for something like this, outside of class action lawsuits?

@_date: 2013-10-09 16:22:01
@_author: Walter Parker 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
The big problem with asking the question "Has the NSA required you to add a
back door?" is that no small company that wants to say in business can or
will say yes (If they do, no one will trust/use the product unless forced
themselves). The company will agree/be forced to say no. How does one tell
that no from an authentic no?
Therefore, once trust is question, the only way to be sure is to do the
self review suggested earlier...
However, from my perspective, the code in pfSense is more like to be secure
than any commercial, closed source solution. See prior threads about
FreeBSD security.

@_date: 2013-10-11 19:54:41
@_author: Walter Parker 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] naive suggestion: conform to US laws 
Don't be too sure about Switzerland...
Which talks about a story that was in the German papers in the late 90's..
For half a century, Crypto AG, a Swiss company located in Zug, has sold to
more than 100 countries the encryption machines their officials rely upon
to exchange their most sensitive economic, diplomatic and military
messages. Crypto AG was founded in 1952 by the legendary (Russian born)
Swedish cryptographer Boris Hagelin. During World War II, Hagelin sold
140,000 of his machine to the US Army.
"In the meantime, the Crypto AG has built up long standing cooperative
relations with customers in 130 countries," states a prospectus of the
company. The home page of the company Web site says, "Crypto AG is the
preferred top-security partner for civilian and military authorities
worldwide. Security is our business and will always remain our business."
And for all those years, US eavesdroppers could read these messages without
the least difficulty. A decade after the end of WWII, the NSA, also known
as No Such Agency, had rigged the Crypto AG machines in various ways
according to the targeted countries. It is probably no exaggeration to
state that this 20th century version of the "Trojan horse" is quite likely
the greatest sting in modern history.

@_date: 2013-10-11 19:33:36
@_author: Walter Parker 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] naive suggestion: conform to US laws 
Yes, you have been informed correctly. There are more than 2. According the
World Atlas ( the number
is someone between 189 and 196.
But you did not answer the question asked: Name the country that you would
move the project to and why you believe that country would do a better job?
Then because the USA can't be trusted, who is going to replace the
Americans on the project? The name and logo are owned by an American
company. I doubt they want to give them up to a foreign company owned by
non-Americans just to make it harder for the American government to
pressure the project. If the rest of world wants to fork the project
because of concerns about the US government, fine, but I don't think you
will get buy in from ESF [the American company that owns the rights to the
name pfSense].
Once again, name some names. Who do you consider more trustworthy? Follow
the link, which of the 188-195 countries on that list do you propose to
trust more and why? I'd suggest you pick once that is not already in bed
with the NSA (which includes most of major western governments, plus some
of the Middle East and Far East governments). But that is me, maybe you
prefer to decide to move first and then figure out where you are going
after you have left (rather than planning where you are going before you

@_date: 2013-10-11 18:20:38
@_author: Walter Parker 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] naive suggestion: conform to US laws 
Who would you trust more that ESF? Why,specifically, would you trust
another group of people to be more trustworthy? I admit to have a USA bias,
but for the issue in question, I don't there being a much better choice.
The UK has less freedoms in this matter. But then this is turning into a
case of "I'm worried about things, here lets have you [The project] spend
time and money to fix the problem?"
Unless, of course, you are willing to contribute time and money to fixing
this issue. Otherwise this just an armchair general telling other people
how to run the project.

@_date: 2013-10-11 18:13:30
@_author: Walter Parker 
@_subject: Re: [pfSense] naive suggestion: conform to US laws 
As I see it, there are are two things that can happen here
1) NSA breaks into pfSense without knowledge of the staff => The only
solution is source code and binary review. This is not an option for people
like Thinker Rix or other non coders. The mostly spot for this to happen is
upstream from the project (in FreeBSD itself, in the libraries that FreeBSD
uses). This will require resources outside of the pfSense project to
2) NSA forces pfSense to put a backdoor in the software. Tells pfSense to
be quite about it.
The results of 2) are that either pfSense stays quite or they tell.
i) If they stay quite, then the only solution is the same answer as for 1),
independent evaluation.
ii) If they tell, then the project is over as they will be busy fighting
the government. They can be arrested for telling. Depending on the Judge,
any said or done that tips off someone that the project has a NSL, can be
taken as a violation.
What do you expect from the project? That they promise that they have not
been subverted and further promise to tell you when/if there are subverted,
regardless of the personal and financial costs to them?
This is a free project...  What is reasonable to expect from any project
like this?
Once we question trust in the project, the only reasonable course of action
is independent evaluation. Guess what, that is what the Government does
when it evaluates software. In fact, that is one of the NSA's other jobs.
This does, however, make software much more expensive. How to we get a
trusted evaluation of the software?
