
@_date: 2010-11-16 19:09:34
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin And The Electronic Frontier Foundation 
DSA on chip already exists. Its called the ALU. Well tuned integer
code can get very very quick. And if we really need performance djb
has extremely fast crypto routines we could use in NaCl, but that
would require changing a bunch of things.

@_date: 2011-03-22 16:08:45
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Iran cracks down on web dissident technology 
Because it helps the government as well. An anonymity network that
only the US government uses is fairly useless. One that everyone uses
is much more useful, and if your enemies use it as well that's very
good, because then they can't cut off access without undoing their own
Watson Ladd
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-24 20:06:35
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] on RNGs, VM state, rollback, etc. 
I'm actually horribly underestimating it, if you understand what the
source actually is.
It's not the frequency variations of the mains, but the phase
variation of our local clock.
That's not where the randomness is coming from. Let's assume that the
mains frequency is a precisely divided
down to 60 Hz, according to an atomic clock/optical clock, and let's
assume our clock is 60 MHz, not in a PLL with
the mains. Then each time we have an interrupt from the mains we
should have seen one million ticks of our local clock.
But thanks to the noise in our local oscillator, we won't always see
exactly one million. It's a selling point if the jitter is less
then one picosecond, which is one millionth of our frequency. Mirable
dictu, this is the last bit of the tick count.
Watson Ladd
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-10-22 04:17:00
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] [RNG] on RNGs, VM state, rollback, etc. 
And with a wire that costs 25 cents connecting the wallwart to the
interrupt pin we've got 60 Hz (50 in Europe) uncorrelated to our local
clock. Measure the drift, and in 5 seconds we are done collecting 250
bits of entropy (one bit per interrupt).
2^40 is not a lot for your colleges in Fort Mead. Imagine this is host
key generation on hosts on large, important, networks. Piddling with
the MAC key won't keep out anyone who seriously wants to get in.

@_date: 2013-11-06 03:04:27
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] randomness +- entropy 
Nothing outside the kernel can determine if entropy has been added to
the kernel pool.
Furthermore, plenty of programs like gpg and openSSH would use it, and those
are the important ones where lack of randomness can hurt very badly.
And in the current situation the engineers and product managers have
no idea if the kernel
is collecting enough entropy.
Furthermore, the cost of adding a cycle counter on chip is much less
than of things that are selling points: built-in crypto
acceleration, etc.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-05 04:46:05
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] randomness +- entropy 
Where do seeds come from?
I'm sorry: Did the Mind your P's and Q's paper escape everyone on this list?
There are thousands of devices out there generating keys on first-power on
with insufficient entropy, with observable deleterious effects.
This problem needs to be solved, and the only way to do it is to find
or add sources of randomness to the hardware and have the kernel
use them, as well as a critical failure if they do not exist/are not sufficient.

@_date: 2013-12-27 23:56:57
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
This whole mess started when thanks to your draft, it was revealed
that a lack of effort by the CFRG
was reported as a positive statement on security. The supposedly
"open" CFRG had over the years atrophied,
to the point where the chair would think that no objection was
equivalent to a positive review. As a participant,
do you feel that that is an adequate foundation for this WG's activities?
That the chair works for an organization devoted to subverting crypto
standards, and that had in fact done so on several
occasions (DUAL_EC_DRNG, Crypto AG, the RSA side payment attack) makes
this sort of misstatement, and the fact
that several long-time members regard it as acceptable, quite
worrying. The NSA is a *fashionable* target because it's
one of the few actors with a mission involving subverting standards:
if Cisco makes a secure standard they prefer, I really
don't care.
Do you believe the CFRG has provided good service to the IETF during
the years it has been active? Do you believe
that the CFRG has increased the security of IETF produced protocols?
Let's focus on the issues here: the CFRG
isn't doing its job.

@_date: 2013-12-24 04:40:13
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
There is a great email from Phil Rogaway to the TLS WG circa 1995
begging them to use ETM.
They don't. The result is BEAST and Lucky13. How exactly is this
paying attention to science?
At IETF 88 the TLS WG didn't endorse a single solution to attacks
currently viable against TLS 1.2 They couldn't even
publish a "don't use RC4" document. The Best Current Practices
document addressing this issue is languishing in
a working group made specifically for this document, with no activity
since September.
The draft author has no clue why.
Is it seriously too much to ask you to put some pressure on UTA and
TLS to get these things fixed ASAP?
Currently the only ID with a shepherd is draft-mcgrew-tls-aes-ccm-ecc.
Apparently, introducing another secure ciphersuite for
specialized applications (in this case embedded) is more important
than disabling an insecure cipher used by 33% of all TLS servers
according to the most recent numbers.
Some axes are better to grind than others. Heck, I'll be chair of
CFRG. We'll hold a straw vote
on the lines of my email on what kind of proofs are to be demanded
from those who want us to
bless a protocol first thing, and I will personally put $100 bond on
any protocol we approve being broken,
provided the protocol is standardized exactly as we say.
How do I appeal against the continued failure of the TLS WG to fix the
problems rediscovered
this year? I know, I'll email the security area head telling them this
is a problem.
Is this something that TLS doesn't solve? If it is too hard/expensive
to deploy, that's yet another
black mark against the history of the TLS WG. (Okay, UDP, but DNSCurve)
ou do
If I look at the TLS WG I see 20 years of a broken, overly complex,
protocol, with no effort being made to fix it.
Whatever process was producing that result needs to be fixed. I agree
imaginary people are an idiotic suggestion: the
real record (pre-Dragonfly, pre-Snowden) shows that changes have to be
made to the CFRG, the TLS WG, and probably to the way that the broader
IETF views and understands cryptography.
I'll start asking some questions: How many broken protocols does the TLS WG
get to propose and have implemented as standards before it becomes
a requirement for them to get some independent analysis of whatever
they propose?
How do you plan to deal with the failure of UTA to advance a necessary
Best Practices document through the process in a timely
How do you propose to ensure that other working groups in the security
area are not making similar misjudgements?
Does the IETF have any process to fix or address these issues?
Do you believe the CFRG has been effective in addressing the need for
guidance on cryptography in the IETF?
Do you have any ways to improve that guidance or the process leading to it?
Is there any evidence the IETF can develop cryptographic protocols vs.
having outside groups do it and present the standard to IETF?
Watson Ladd
"Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little
Temporary Safety deserve neither  Liberty nor Safety."

@_date: 2013-12-22 17:28:51
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Kevin said to the TLS WG that the CFRG was fine with it. I don't know
exactly what was
said because it was off list, but the TLS WG understood that the CFRG
(and not just Kevin personally)
supported the protocol. This was wrong.
Are you suggesting that the chairs of the CFRG have the power to decree
something acceptable by themselves, and speak for the CFRG? This is
a ridiculous claim. Whether last call or not, some process would be needed
to decide what the sense of the list was.
I think it is reasonable for the chair to be forced to consult with
the membership before
deciding what the group's position will be, especially when the
conclusions of the CFRG will
be waved around to dismiss concerns about a protocol. Most people in
the IETF couldn't
tell you why the DDH isn't true in GF_{p}^{\times}, or what a pairing
is, or why PKCS 1.5 is worse
than OAEP. The point of the CFRG is that they won't have to: we'll do
the work for them. But that
only works if the CFRG properly represents its membership, and if
other WGs feel that the CFRG
is a useful resource. Do you think Kevin's continued presence as chair
is compatible with these goals?

@_date: 2013-12-22 00:38:45
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
.  The core
Is Dragonfly secure? Not in the standard model: some hash functions break i=
There is no proof in the Random Oracle Model, and there were
significant questions
about its security relative to already deployed options. I still am
not sure what the impact of the possibility of
hunt and peck failing is on security: certainly not good. The IEEE has
its own history of cryptographic failures,
which as a member of the Wi-fi alliance you should certainly know
about. After all, you had a front row seat
for the most notable ones.
The CFRG cochair does not have the ability to declare the result of a
last call that
never happened because he personally supports a proposal. The only reason t=
irregularity was noticed is that Trevor Perrin and Rene Struik
subscribed to the TLS WG
as well. If the cochair cannot be trusted to properly represent the
result of a process, how
can we proceed?
The fact that this working group has specialist expertise that most
IETF participants don't
possess only increases the danger. I have seen participants on the TLS
WG fail to understand
what broke RC4, what MACs do, the security claims of AES-GCM etc, and
the resultant protocol
makes all kinds of stupid, unforced errors. (AES-GCM with random
nonces? Just one of many fun
surprises) I don't think the TLS WG is an outlier in this regard.
As a result WGs can consult with the CFRG on matters beyond their
bailiwick. In the case of Dragonfly the cochair's
statement was used as an argument for ending review of the protocol
because he said it was "adequate", even
as the CFRG membership had deep misgivings about it.
The purpose of the CFRG is not to create standards. It is to advance the us=
of cryptography and improve the security of the Internet. The abuses of pro=
committed by Kevin directly harm that goal by enabling a protocol to shortc=
the LC process in the CFRG, and thus avoid serious discussion.
Cryptography is not like networking: a bad choice in a networking
standard is merely an annoyance to
implementors or hurts performance/interoperability, and the protocols
are fairly transparent.
A subtly bad choice in a cryptographic standard can lead to
vulnerabilities over an extended period of time. The IETF track record
on this is abysmal, to the point where many of the best practical
cryptographers avoid working with the IETF.
The CFRG was formed so that for once the IETF would listen. By
conflating his personal views with the conclusion of the CFRG,
Kevin Igoe sends a clear message: the views of members of the CFRG are
irrelevant to the IETF process.
If we let him make the decisions, what is the point of the CFRG?
Watson Ladd
"Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little
Temporary Safety deserve neither  Liberty nor Safety."

@_date: 2013-12-21 17:58:39
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
There are no proofs for Dragonfly. And this is not about any particular
protocol, but rather Kevin's misrepresentation of list consensus to the TLS WG.
The situation is much worse: Dragonfly falls apart in the standard
model for contrived hash functions.
In the ROM nothing was known. Should CFRG decide this is adequate for
a protocol?
I think that CFRG should take a much harder line due to a long and
checkered history of
protocols falling apart because of a lack of proof. The CFRG exists
because the IETF has
made inexcusable cryptography errors.
The reasons why the TLS WG doesn't feel like a PAKE is needed are orthogonal
to the issues of Dragonfly's review by the CFRG. Let's try to focus on
the relevant claims.
The CFRG has been reactive and seems to have ignored the IETF 88
revelations that
protocols might be backdoored. Dragonfly did not go through a process
that lead to adequate
I think I can make a last call on time, and see if anyone says no. In
fact, I think a perl script can do it.
Kevin didn't properly represent the state of the CFRG list, nor did he
properly indicate he was going to
relay approval to the TLS WG. This in effect meant that the CFRG was
one person: Kevin.

@_date: 2014-01-16 05:07:06
@_author: Watson Ladd 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Because your job as a cryptography company is not to be tricked, and
to exercise the judgement your client is hiring you to exercise in
their interests. If you can't or won't do it, you shouldn't take the
money of your customer. 2007 should have seen an immediate rush to fix
the problem. But instead they left their clients vulnerable to a known
weakness for 6 years, in exchange for millions of dollars. If they
were accountants or lawyers, they would be in jail for something
