
@_date: 2013-10-28 01:13:59
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: Re: [Freedombox-discuss] Dumb idea: Alternative to Tor that promotes good behavior 
Granted, that's why we don't use Tor.  However, I thought I read there are only around 3,000 Tor nodes.  That's pretty wimpy.  I may be too lazy to encrypt my traffic, but I'm perfectly happy to spend some of my money supporting free speech.  I just don't want to also support griefers and leechers.
OK, so scratch out the idea of keeping internet histories.  It does sound too dangerous.  Instead, rely on the web of trust model similar to what we see in the original Ripple e-money system.  Maybe enhance it with a reputation system based on recommendations.
You're probably right.  We could instead provide controls similar to OpenDNS where access to sites may be blocked by some exit and routing nodes.  I don't think this would be a huge complication. Also, users could be rated by other users in different categories. For example, on LinkedIn, people verify that I know about FPGAs. I'm not sure if a routing policy should depend on such ratings, as it might give me some clue about who is using my router.
No worries about pessimism.  That's the natural environment new ideas live in, or in this case, probably a regurgitated old idea.
I'm a fan of the original Ripple e-money algorithm (not this new stuff designed to make the authors rich).  Users have nodes in the trust graph, and can specify that they "trust" other users up to some maximum monetary value.  Simply based on these trust relationships, an economy with e-money based on this trust is possible.  I would love to enable micro-transactions in a Ripple system, where I might pay 10 microcents for 100KB of data bandwidth (or whatever the going rate is).  I could also have my FreedomBox pay for at least it's electricity and bandwidth while hosting encrypted backups or helping people download from BitTorrent faster.  It's one thing to say "I trust that guy a lot".  It's another to say "Let him put $10 on my tab."  It forces us to put trust in terms of dollars, and that's when we find out that to one guy "absolute trust" is worth about 10 cents, while "medium trust" is worth $100 to someone else.  If a griefer attacked one of my web sites, I might place a negative trust edge against him, claiming he owes me damages for the griefing.
In terms of automated trust discovery, I'm frankly against it. We're talking anonymous people out there, and they have to earn trust.  To do that, your FreedomBox could host a web site for me, or help transfer files, or backup my data, or you could even simply pay me a few cents.  With a tit-for-tat algorithm, I would trust you back, plus a little extra, over time.  So if we've done $100 in business in the past, I might be willing to lend you $1, no questions asked.  If there are other reasons I want to trust you, for example if we've exchanged e-mails and I've become convinced we share certain goals, then I could manually increase the trust value.
An adversary would have great difficulty scamming people and taking their money in a Ripple network.  The protocol has been running live for years, and I wont go into the details, but it's a hardy algorithm.  However, an adversary who just wants to know our true identities could gain useful insights by analyzing the trust graph. People who trust each other more are more likely to be electrically close to each other, and when people manually set a trust relationship, you can assume they have somehow interacted.  If an adversary takes some step like giving a lot of money to a terrorist group, then they might identify members of that group based on who increases their trust relationship afterwards.
However, I've seen these same arguments made against BitCoin, and an adversary with a lot of nodes in the Tor network (like the NSA) might be able to determine identities based on packet timing. Overall, I suspect we may be able to do a better job promoting freedom if we were to build such a network.
Freedombox-discuss mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-12 00:01:02
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
A keypad and display would be great, but for users who just want to
carry it in their pockets, a USB stick form-factor would be
preferable.  I personally was thinking that I would have a Raspberry
Pi based system with keyboard and display that was isolated from the
Internet to help me generate keys, but of course average users would
plug them into their Windows machines, and who knows who's watching
them type passwords in that case.
Your preference for epoxy encased circuits, and read-protected
microcontrollers is interesting.  That's one way to go, but I'm more
worried that our USB sticks will be subverted somewhere along the
build chain, so my preference is to make it easy to read out the
programming information and to be able to probe the internal signals.
You probably are right that in reality users would never bother with
such authentication, which is why I would like to see a volunteer
group of people who do bother to prove that most of these USB keys are
But you are right that my version makes it easy for an attacker to
steal my USB key and read out the keys...
It's a tough problem...
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-10 22:53:08
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for crypto 
I've been noodling the idea of a USB stick designed in a way that we
can trust the crypto that goes on there.  It's a hard problem, but
there seems to be some guidelines that could help:
- Open source hardware - schematics and everything including board
layout need to be free
- No ICs that could be compromised.  Any CPU would have to be a
soft-core in an FPGA, with an open-source design
- FPGA configuration memory both readable and writable over a JTAG port
- External flash program memory also read/writeable through JTAG
- Reasonable hardware RNG where every node in the circuit can be probed
- Signal isolation from the PC: solid state relays would swap a simple
memory back and forth between the PC side and USB stick side.  Maybe
power draw should be randomized to obscure any processing going on.
RF shielding should cover the USB stick.  No other communication
should be possible.  This is similar to an air gap.
- A community supported audit trail verifying produced USB keys are secure
The idea still has issues.  Where would I be able to store secret keys
securely such that an attacker who stole my USB stick could not
recover it?  Anyway, it's just a fun idea.  I'd love to have such a
device in my pocket.  There's a lot of applications I can think of
that could benefit from it, from electronic voting to
microtransactions.  As one security expert once said in an
electronic-voting discussion I followed, no machine ever connected to
the Internet has proven secure.  Could we make such a beast?  I
probably don't really have time to work on it, but if a group were
building it, I'd participate.
The cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-06-07 23:56:18
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police nationwide 
It's called a Faraday cage.  I'd test it right now, but I think someone hid
my mobile phone in a fridge.

@_date: 2015-12-16 19:55:31
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
I don't think requiring registration of open-source crypto violates our
constitutional rights, but I know this is debatable.  I'd just comply with
the law and send a simple email.
That said, I think I wrote a whole editorial piece in my last email like
this :)

@_date: 2016-03-17 08:11:40
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] USG v. Lavabit-Snowden Files Unsealed 
Wow, this is scary.  It sounds like Lavabit was fined $5,000 per day until
it handed over the encryption keys for its email service, and that Lavabit
further had a gag order and could say nothing about it.  Here's the text of
this order:
This matter comes before the Court on the motion of the government for
sanctions for failure to comply with this Court's order entered August 2,
2013. For the reasons stated in the government's motion, and pursuantto
Title 18, United States Code. Section 401, it is hereby ORDERED that the
motion for sanctions is granted; It isfurther ORDERED that, if the
encryption keys necessary to implement the pen register and trap and trace
device are not provided to the FBI in PEM or equivalent electronic formal
by noon (CDT) on August 5, 2013, a fine of five thousand dollars
($5,000.00) shall be imposed on Lavabit LLC and Mr. Levison; It is further
ORDERED that, if the encryption keys necessary to implement the pen
register and trap and trace device are not provided to the FBI in PEM or
equivalent electronic format by noon (CDT) each day thereafter beginning
August 6, 2013, a fine of five thousand dollars ($5,000.00) shall be
imposed on Lavabit LLC and Mr. Levison for each day of noncompliance; and
It is further ORDERED that the government's motion for sanctions and this
Order shall remain under seal until further order of this Court
As an ethical matter, I believe our government should tell its citizens
what form of spying on our private communications it is doing, and under
what conditions.  Seeing our government do this sort of thing in secret
scares the heck out of me.  It is certainly not what I thought would happen
in the USA.

@_date: 2016-03-29 18:02:08
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] USG Moves to Vacate Apple Decrypt Order 
This is also a lost opportunity to set a strong precedent to protect
American privacy.  There was never any doubt that the FBI could get the
data off this phone.  This was simply a power grab by the FBI to use the
terror attack in San Bernardino as an excuse to increased their power
beyond what is safe or reasonable, IMO.  I am glad Apple did the right
thing.  I am sad that the FBI decided to kick the can down the road and
avoid risking setting a precedent that would most likely limit their their
power to invade our privacy.  I expect them to be back, attacking less
principled and/or less wealthy companies, where there is little chance of
strong resistance.  I suspect there are lots of Lavabits out there.  The
unique part about Lavabit is the founder chose doing the right thing over
keeping his successful company alive.  I am sure this is quite rare.

@_date: 2016-08-30 23:47:29
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] N. Korean radio broadcasts string of random numbers 
If by amateur radio, you mean ham radio, then I strongly recommend you do
not do that.  The FCC will be there in short order, though some hams I know
say they don't show up soon enough.
