
@_date: 2001-11-30 21:56:52
@_author: Wei Dai 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
I guess we would need a distributed public registry of key
change/revocation messages that guarantees only one such message will be
posted per key, and any revocation messages not posted to this registry
would be ignored.
Again, I don't think reputation capital is the best solution to the
problem that it tries to solve. I'm just trying to defend it against the
charge that it's a nonsensical idea. I still propose b-money as a better
alternative. Maybe Tim has found an even better solution, and if so I
certainly look forward to seeing it.

@_date: 2001-11-30 20:14:13
@_author: Wei Dai 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
If you own a nym, you can easily sell its reputation. Just give the
private key to the buyer.
Yes, I see that as the biggest problem with reputation capital, which is
why I proposed a different way of providing disincentives for nyms to do
bad things. See How do you propose to do that?

@_date: 2001-11-30 00:11:40
@_author: Wei Dai 
@_subject: Re: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
But there is a scalar number attached to a person which deserves the name
"reputation capital", namely his own judgement of what his reputation is
worth. The idea of reputation capital solves an important problem: How do
we prevent nyms from doing bad things, disappearing, and coming back under
a different nym? If a nym has a positive reputation capital, then
disappearing is costly, so that provides a disincentive to do bad things. Yes, that's why we should distinguish between reputation and reputation
But "Alice's reputation capital has been harmed" is not nonsense. That
just means Alice thinks her reputation is now worth less than before.
There are lots of situations where Alice does X only because she expects
Bob to do Y, and Bob does Y only because he expects Alice to do X. Money
is an example of this, and so are virtually all other social phenomena. I
would call this collective reality, not collective hallucination. I don't see why our monetary system is less provably real than the world
of atoms and stars. Every proton in an atom can spontaneously decay.
Everyone in the world can spontaneously decide to stop accepting US
dollars as payment. It's all a matter of probabilities.
All crypto is economics. Unfortunately the economics doesn't seem to favor
much of the more advanced crypto we're interested in. Just to cite one
example, there are a small number of people who value privacy very highly,
and a larger number of people who value privacy somewhat. But there's no
way to charge them different prices to provide the same untraceable
communcation services to them. Since you need a large number of users to
provide cover traffic, you have to charge a low price for everyone, and
that doesn't seems to be a profitable business.
Anonymous ecash seems to have this problem, plus many more.
I think we may have been mislead by the extremely favorable economics of
basic crypto (i.e. exponential attack/defense cost ratios for encryption
and authentication) into thinking that all crypto have favorable
Isn't this just standard Baysian probability theory/decision theory/game
theory? Where are you going with this?

@_date: 2002-03-01 00:01:21
@_author: Wei Dai 
@_subject: Bernstein's NFS machine 
I haven't checked all of the numbers, but I think Frog3's analysis is
largely correct. However, the two O(1)'s below should be replaced with
Very informally, think of O(1) as some constant, and o(1) as converging to
0. One possibly confusing thing about Berstein's paper is that in the
sentence "for a given cost, the number of digits of n has grown by a
factor of 3.0090581972... + o(1)", the o(1) is most likely negative for
practical key lengths.

@_date: 2002-04-29 17:31:34
@_author: Wei Dai 
@_subject: Re: Lucky's 1024-bit post [was: RE: objectivity and factoring analysis] 
Sorry, there's a mistake in my post, which makes the relationship finding
phase look easier than it actually is. BTW, why did it take 5 days for
that post to go through?
Obviously there are not 2^89 integers that are 46 bits long. Each of the numbers that need to be checked for smoothness is actually around 195 bits

@_date: 2002-04-24 19:30:26
@_author: Wei Dai 
@_subject: Re: Lucky's 1024-bit post [was: RE: objectivity and factoring analysis] 
I have one other question about the panel analysis. Why did it focus only on the linear algebra part of the NFS algorithm? I would like to know, given the same assumption on the factor base size (10^9), how much would it cost to build a machine that can perform the relationship finding phase of the algorithm in the same estimated time frame (i.e. months)?
Using a factor base size of 10^9, in the relationship finding phase you
would have to check the smoothness of 2^89 numbers, each around 46 bits
long. (See Frog3's analysis posted at
  Those numbers look correct to me.)  If you assume a chip that can check
one number per microsecond, you would need 10^13 chips to be able to
complete the relationship finding phase in 4 months. Even at one dollar
per chip this would cost ten trillion dollars (approximately the U.S. So it would seem that it's still not possible for even a major government
to factor 1024-bit keys within an operationally relevant time frame unless
it was willing to devote most of its national income to the effort.
BTW, if we assume one watt per chip, the machine would consume 87 trillion
kWh of eletricity per year. The U.S. electricity production was only 3.678 trillion kWh in 1999.
