
@_date: 2004-03-09 15:11:28
@_author: Wes Hardaker 
@_subject: Re: [Users] Announce: FreeS/WAN Project Ending 
Paul> I don't entirely agree, but I can see some of your point
Paul> here. If servers, who usually have control of their DNS, deploy
Paul> OE, then the setup for the enduser consists of having a valid
Paul> FQDN, and have control over that DNS entry. That in general is
Paul> not a problem. There are plenty free forward dns services
Paul> available if you can't afford $9.99 for your own domain.
If you want to put a system like OE in place and have it widely used,
you need to make it simple for end-users to deploy.  This means make
it easy to setup, and to not require infrastructure that the majority
of the users may not have access to.  This is where OE failed.
Requiring access to a reverse DNS infrastructure made it difficult to
set up.  I have servers and hosts with FQDN naming systems, but do not
have access to the reverse address half of DNS.  I suspect this is
really common.  (When I mentioned this difficulty a long time ago on
this list when OE was first getting started, the opinion at the time
was "get a new ISP that lets you have more control).  The majority of
end-users (at least in the US with the ISPs available here) do not
have access to reverse DNS servers.  A small fraction probably do have
their own FQDN addresses, but it's still a only fraction as you'd have
to need it to want it.  The final missing piece was an easy tool to
publicize your key.  Currently, not only did you need access to
appropriate DNS servers but you had to put the key in by hand.  There
is no automated way to do this, which would have helped make the
system more successful (IE, trivial to use).  Throw in dynamic IP
addresses and everything goes further on its way to being a pain for
Lets look at 2 systems that have had more success:
1) PGP.  pgp has key servers to help connect 2 otherwise
   unknown-to-each-other end-users.  This is similar to how DNS is
   being used for OE, with one significant difference: pgp has an easy
   to publish mechanism.  You just call pgp with some argument to
   publish your key to the server (EG, gpg --send-keys).  Done.  gpg
   even has options to auto-search key servers if it doesn't have a
   key when verifying a signature (IE, it'll try without you
   explicitly asking it to).  This is *much* easier to use than what
   OE required and, as a result, has had greater penetration.
2) SSH.  ssh exchanges the public keys in the first connection, asking
   the user "hey, there is a new key.  Trust it?".  It's automatic.
   You can't *not* use it.  It warns you when things change.  The
   important part though is that it is self-initializing.  The result:
   excellent deployment.  (In contrast, it would be more difficult for
   OE to use a technique like this since OE is set up behind the
   application not in it, but it would still be possible [details if
   you really want them]).
OE is a good technology with good goals.  But to say that you're
disappointed in its ability to penetrate the market, well you have to
ask yourself "why?".  The answer should be fairly clear: the designs
are not accommodating to the end-user trying to deploy it.  They're
well designed security-wise, but well designed ideal s
FreeS/WAN Users mailing list
