
@_date: 2015-05-05 15:15:07
@_author: W. Greenhouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Meeting Snowden in Princeton 
You're welcome to dislike it, but as str4d just confirmed,
there's currently no decentralized solution that offers an equivalent ability
to prevent takeovers of the network by dumping bandwidth onto the network.
It was interesting to hear about some of the alternatives
that don't rely on a directory authority concept,
but it sounds like none are as mature yet.
I agree, but the basic problem is that threat modelling is hard.
I think Tor (in its FAQ and other documents) is open as to its limitations,
which has not always been the case with other technologies/networks.
And of course even exhaustive documentation of opsec
(which would somehow have to foresee every application Tor was put to)
won't stop people motivated by profit or blinded by hubris from cutting corners.
is a nice introductory text, but it's just that, an introduction.
Ultimately the advice has to be tailored to the particular user(s).
This for example sounds like doing some stuff that sounded good at the time,
absent any particular threat model.

@_date: 2015-05-05 07:21:51
@_author: W. Greenhouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Meeting Snowden in Princeton 
Not sure why you're linking this classic paper,
but that is also a problem torproject is attempting to solve,
for example with reproducible builds.
Some degree of centralization of the directory is,
for now, the only way to prevent an attacker from owning everything
simply by dumping a lot of bandwidth onto the network
(what Lizard Squad attempted to do). Networks like i2p and bitcoin
are to a greater extent vulnerable to that than Tor is,
because i2p and bitcoin didn't even consider resistance to network sibyls
as part of their design.

@_date: 2015-05-04 12:24:20
@_author: W. Greenhouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Meeting Snowden in Princeton 
I want to reiterate and emphasize this point. Had Lizard Squad attacked i2p
instead, the attack would've succeeded and there would've been nobody even able
to notice it had happened, because i2p doesn't use dirauths and so is vulnerable
to network sibyls (as stated in their own documentation).

@_date: 2015-05-04 12:17:15
@_author: W. Greenhouse 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Meeting Snowden in Princeton 
Not sure what the significance of this is in context.
Not nearly as many as originally reported, and they were all making the
mistake of using a couple of centralized hosting providers.
Hosting security can't really be delegated.
Didn't happen, probably in part because dirauths are geographically distributed
and this would require international cooperation of LEAs, something they
aren't great at.
Attack was foiled the same day (obvious family of new relays was obvious),
and Lizard Squad spent the day on  and  trying to save face
by claiming they hadn't even meant to attack anything.
Also they weren't even attacking the dirauths, they were ignorantly trying to
perform a Sibyl attack, which the existence of dirauths makes impossible.
Not important, unless you fundamentally misunderstand hidden services.
If you want a hidden service not to be indexable, the
"stealth" authentication protocol of HiddenServiceAuthorizeClient (in
which each authorized client gets its own domain, which doesn't
resolve without the appropriate authentication key) is at your
disposal. Anyone should assume that anything offered via a server that
does not require authentication to see its content can and will be indexed.
Public "hidden services" are hidden in the sense that the hosting location is
obfuscated, not in the sense that they can't be webcrawled. That's out of scope
(and also one of the reasons why "hidden service" is an unfortunate and
imprecise name). There are even YaCy (p2p search bot) instances running inside
the .onion TLD, as well as several search engines.
More indexing could make the public content on .onion more useful, and it would
also be a handy reminder to people (like you) that .onion content is public,
unless it uses authentication as I mentioned above.
Tor has been giving talks to LEOs since its initial
release as a public software project. This isn't a new thing. It's also probably
a good thing; it gives Tor principals a chance to learn how LEOs are using Tor,
and it also gives them a chance to explain that Tor has been and remains a
neutral conduit for data. If Tor didn't speak to LEOs, there probably would be
even more misguided harassment of exit operators for content they don't control,
Tor needs a PR firm because it's getting drawn into pretty murky political
waters, with Pando et al. on one side and NSA Director Mike
"secure backdoors are possible" Rogers on the other. Tor's opponents have many
PR firms and lobbyists, so it stands to reason that Tor needs them too.
Further, who else is on a particular PR firm or lobbyist's client list doesn't
seem very meaningful to me. Such entities tend to be rather disgustingly
apolitical. Having the same firm as Verizon probably just means
that's one of the firms that works in the networking/telecommunications industry
and has experience.
Not sure what the significance of this is in context.
