
@_date: 2015-11-20 05:37:27
@_author: "William H. Depperman" 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How does one remove the NSA Virus off the BIOS Chip as described by Snowden in the ANT Pr 
Hi TOR Mailing List People,
             I am apparently  the number one person in the United States on the _*NSA-CIA-FBI Watch List*_. For multiple reasons! I am the Coordinator of the United Front Against Racism and Capitalism-Imperialism who was arrested by the so-called "Major Case Squad" in August 1986 because our group exposed the scientific documentation on a big series of _/*huge*/_ wall posters that AIDS is Biological Warfare by the US Government Against Blacks, Gays and those with certain blood dyscrasias. The arrest was on the front pages of all NYC newspapers and on Channel 4 in Europe. I tried to send this email to Anonymous and TOR does not permit attachments so just disregard that when you see an attachment mentioned.
             Recently I was _*Extraordinarily Renditioned*_ (KIDNAPPED AND HELD AGAINST MY WILL FOR 18 HOURS AND TORTURED after simply walking along a road in New Jersey!) See the third attachment. The NSA has TOTAL control of my computer and has real time keystroke by keystroke monitoring and harassment while I am on the computer. My anti-virus and anti-Malware are totally useless as explained by Snowden because the computer is controlled through the _*BIOS Chip*_ as explained in the attachment on Snowden revelations. Scroll down the document until you get to _*ANT*_ (Access Network Technology). I would like for _*Anonymous*_ to publish on its website for EVERYONE, not just me,  how to remove and neutralize NSA viruses placed on the BIOS CHIP! Also please send the information in an email to me. I am sure you could manage this. If THEY can do it and YOU are the world's greatest hackers just like they are, then YOU can neutralize any garbage they place on the BIOS Chip. Kaspersky by refusing to help me in this also SUPPORTS NSA placement of virus software on the BIOS Chip because that confirms that I am one of the capitalists' most important enemies and therefore I am an are automatic enemy of Kaspersky. So I can go screw! Will I receive the same response from Anonymous? It is a rule of capitalist statecraft that a government control and operate its own opposition by one means or another any and ALL means. Anonymous is a supposed opposition group. So who is _/*really*/_ running anonymous and please do not say "everyone" or "no one" because that is the same BS answer given by the anti-Communist Anarchist group,  so-called "Occupy Wall Street." _*I need immediate help*_. And so undoubtedly do others! I am partially computer savvy. But I am not yet a programmer. Also, I am a Medical Doctor and a Theoretical Astrophysicist and a Professional Revolutionary and have recently finished writing an extremely important document completed after almost 2 years of actual work: The _*Materialist Analysis of Theoretical Astrophysics*_, which is a Classic of scientific, political literature. As it states early on:
             "Though it is of a different genre from "On the Origin of Species" by Charles Darwin and             "Zur Dynamik Bewegter Korper" by Albert Einstein and the Einstein Field Equations                     which form the basis for the General Theory of Relativity it sits on the same shelf
             because it defends all three and takes it further and provides the answer to the ultimate                 question: What is the truthful explanation of the Universe?"
             I could have added "The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte," by Karl Marx, which is a classic object lesson in applied historical materialism. In any case we have to get rid of capitalism or capitalism is going to get rid of us. _*A non-response from Anonymous is a death sentence for the credibility of Anonymous.*_ You can give me the information on how to get rid of a virus on the BIOS chip or you can contact someone who DOES know how to do it. I will remove it every day if I have to.
             Also I need help in publishing in some fashion the second attached document. I do not want to hear "We are not your army?" During the era when political postering was permitted in the United States I spent over $50,000 of my own money on politics and the huge posters which used to cover the walls of many US cities. Our AIDS poster stopped all political postering in the United States by the capitalist dictatorship of millionaires and billionaires. We are living in End-Stage Capitalism. It is known as Rule by Decree, a form of Bonapartism as in Napoleon Bonaparte. It is expressed a a military, bureaucratic police state which is hardening by the day. "Democracy" under capitalism is merely a codeword and a euphemism--both, they are different--for capitalist dictatorship and enslavement here or anywhere else in the world. We have to get rid of capitalism or capitalism is going to get rid of us. Remember that capitalism is a WORLD SYSTEM and so is Communism. Socialism, the first stage of Communism has never ever actually been practiced anywhere and cannot be practiced anywhere until capitalism is overthrown worldwide starting at its center, the USA. We live in a a world of nation states. All nation states are dictatorships of one class over another class, either the capitalists over the Workers or vice versa. Because of the 1988 Surrender by Gorbachev to the threat of a Nuclear War there are a lot fewer Worker's States. We were almost there! In the 1930s we had a Million-Strong Communist-led Working Class Movement. But they were deliberately misled to take a bribe known as the New Deal. You don't think they came up with the New Deal out of the goodness of their heart now do you? FDR was given credit then and more recently on Cahnnel Thirteen Public Television for "Saving Capitalism with the New Deal!" If that Million-Strong Communist-led Working Class had not been deliberately misled to take that New Deal bribe there would have been no Adolph Hitler, No WWII, No Korea, No Vietnam War and ZERO of today's present problems. Look at the present world situation! Ninety-Five Percent of New Yorkers and the overwhelming majority of Americans and people worldwide agree we need a new system based on human need not private profit.
William H. Depperman
