
@_date: 2005-03-29 21:52:40
@_author: Will@toppsvcs.com 
@_subject: Quit Smoking in 2 weeks - If You Don't Stop You Don't Pay. 
IF YOU WANT TO STOP SMOKING THIS IS YOUR CHANCE! (If you don't quit - you don't pay!)
The FINALSMOKE System was designed to help you conquer
all aspects of your smoking habit. It's powerhouse proprietary ALL-HERBAL FORMULA is the very backbone
of the FinalSmoke System.
It removes your cravings to smoke and relieves the symptoms associated
with nicotine withdrawal. In less than 14 days, you will be completely Smoke-Free,
and on your way to healthy living.
 <--- TO QUIT FOREVER! (If you don't quit - you don't pay!)
Read a few testimonials -
"I Love Your Product!!!
I have smoked for 40+ years, and I quit cold turkey.
Basically, I took Final Smoke, and a couple of hours later tried
to smoke a cigarette. But I was absolutely sick from it!
I now can keep up & enjoy my grandchildren without coughing & wheezing!!
Thank You!!!" - Mary T. Goddard, KS
"This system works!!! I've wanted to quit smoking for some time now,
but the physical cravings always kept me back; but with this system,
my cravings were gone, and now so is my awful habit!!" - Kai E. Clinton, NY
 <--- TO QUIT FOREVER! (If you don't quit - you don't pay!)
"I was skeptical when I ordered your product.
I was a smoker for 32 years and had tried EVERYTHING. On April 17th
at 12:00pm, I finished my last cigarette in my LAST pack. After taking the first 2 pills,
I have not touched another cigarette. On March 15, 1991 I turned 35 years old.
6 days later I had a severe heart attack. After in the hospital for 9 days I walked
out and started smoking again. I sat with my dad for a year till he died of Lung
Cancer in 1997 and I still smoked even as I watched him waste away.
Until I started Fina lSmoke I felt that within 5 years I'd be dead and gone.
But now I FEEL ALIVE again. More energy and even happier than I have been in years.
And I owe it all to you and your great product. You have changed my life forever
and for that I can never repay you. Thank You." - Ronnie Davenport Oklahoma City, OK
"Exactly What I Needed..." This is a great system! I knew cigarettes were packed
with poisons but I didn't know just how many or what kind there were! The Final Smoke capsules were the best. Every time I lit up a cigarette,
I threw it away before half of it was smoked, usually only 2-3 puffs.
It made me feel sick and nauseous to smoke these poisons!
This is exactly what I needed to help me stop! I've been trying
to quit for the past 7 years, I tried everything under the sun with no results.
With Final Smoke I was smoke free in under a month!" - E. Okamura, Hawaii  <--- TO QUIT FOREVER! (If you don't quit - you don't pay!))
Want to be dropped from our list? Do not reply to this email.
Copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele.com/nrmm.htm
Computer Technologies
848 N. Rainbow Blvd. Las Vegas, NV 89107GkEjhktcfrtovyqBjxdfirjChuwUi
greasy greenhouse grecian greenblatt grease grease grayson.
greater graze grebe graywacke greenblatt greenblatt greek.
greatcoat greedy greedy greenland great grayish greece.
greenhouse great greengrocer GkEbycltwjlgnqiBbpuwzjbCymoUi greatcoat grease.
greenbriar greatcoat greenbelt greenblatt greenbriar greedy great.
grebe graze greek graze grayson greenberg greenish.
greene greenblatt graywacke greedy grayson greenery greater.
greenland grebe greasy grecian grayson grease greenhouse.
