
@_date: 2004-12-06 09:04:02
@_author: "Barrister Williams Smithen." 
@_subject: RE: Urgent 
DEAR SIR.                              Kindest Attention,
Firstly, not to cause you embarrassment, I am Barrister
Williams Smith, a Solicitor at law and the personal attorney to late Mr. Mark Michelle a National of France, who used to be a private contractor with the Shell Petroleum Development Company in Saudi Arabia, herein after shall be referred to as my client. On the 21st of April 2001, my client and his entire family were involved in an auto crash, all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives.
Since then, I have made several enquiries with his country's embassy here to locate any of my clients extended relatives, this has also proved unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to contact you with this business partnership proposal. I have contacted you to assist in repatriating a huge amount of money left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the Bank where these huge deposit was lodged.
The deceased had a deposit valued presently at $30Million United State Dollars and the Bank has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or Beneficiary by "WILL" otherwise have the account confiscated within the next thirty official working days.
Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over two years now, I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / Will Beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at $30Million  can be paid to you.
Th0is will be disbursed or shared in these percentages, 75% to me and 25%  to you. I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up  any claim we may  make. All I require is your honest Co-operation, Confidentiality and Trust to enable us see this transaction through.
I guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Please get in touch with me urgently via e-mail.
As I am presently in united kindom. And please provide me the following below;
This is to enable me commence immediate preparation of all legal document that will back up our claim.
1. Full Name
2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number
3. Your Contact Address.
Your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated.
Best regards,
Barrister Williams Smithen.
