
@_date: 2011-12-07 17:09:02
@_author: William Whyte 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
being done
I would say that you shouldn't install code signed with an expired
but you can continue to use code you've already installed after the
expires. That requires occasional resigning, rather than continual.
Revocation is a different issue; it seems like it should require either
action at a distance or TTP timestamping (as ianG discussed earlier). In
absence of timestamping, if a code signing cert is revoked, the most
thing to do is uninstall any software signed with that cert.  This
obviously means
that even expired certs need to appear on a CRL, which raises the question
whether it's worth expiring them. I think it probably is worth it because
(a) it raises
the possibility that one cert's worth of software could be withdrawn
requiring all software from that vendor to be compromised, although at
that point
you're into marginal gains in very hypothetical situations; and (b) it
makes going out
of business cleaner and doesn't leave too many still-valid certs floating
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2011-12-07 14:42:03
@_author: William Whyte 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
Well, I think the theoretically correct answer is that you *should*...
these days all the installers can be available online, after all.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, December 07, 2011 9:21 AM
That wouldn't work, consider the untold numbers of install CDs shipped
with anything that you could think of conneting to a PC at some point
(your shiny new digital camera, your electric toothbrush, ...).  These are
often extremely out-of-date, but you can't block the install just because
the cert has expired.
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2011-12-07 13:18:38
@_author: William Whyte 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How are expired code-signing certs revoked? 
Cute scenario!
I would say that you shouldn't *install* signed software after the signing
cert expires, but if you installed it before expiry it's still safe to use
In general, you shouldn't act based on a certificate if you don't know
it's trustworthy (obviously), but the action in question here is
installing the software, not running it.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:cryptography-bounces On Behalf Of Peter Gutmann
Sent: Wednesday, December 07, 2011 7:02 AM
Consider the following scenario:
1. Attackers steal a code-signing key and use it to sign malware.
2. The certificate for the stolen key expires.
3. Malware signed with the key turns up.
Since the signature is timestamped to allow it to still validate after the
original cert expires, it'll be regarded as valid.  Since the cert has now
expired, it won't be present in the CRL, or if it was present it'll be
removed (this is standard practice to manage CRL sizes).
How do you invalidate such a signature?
cryptography mailing list
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2013-11-28 13:39:51
@_author: William Whyte 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ntru-crypto - Open Source NTRU Public Key Cryptography Algorithm and Reference Co 
Yes, we're looking at ways to extend the open source grant. GPL will most
likely be only the first step.
- sent from my phone

@_date: 2013-11-27 23:39:48
@_author: William Whyte 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] ntru-crypto - Open Source NTRU Public Key Cryptography Algorithm and Reference Co 
It's meant to be 2 and later. Sorry if this isn't clear, we'll revise the
license text.
- sent from my phone

@_date: 2013-12-23 18:05:15
@_author: William Whyte 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hi Yoav,
this is nothing personal, but an employee of the NSA (one of tens or
hundreds of thousands) is automatically disqualified from chairing a
working group.
My position is that the NSA's mission includes subverting cryptographic
standards, and so it is inappropriate for an NSA employee to chair a
crypto working group in a standards body.
I don't have a problem with an NSA employee chairing a working group with
a different focus, and I don't have a problem with an NSA employee being
an individual contributor.
I don't have a position on Dragonfly and wasn't paying attention at the
time when Kevin is alleged to have made statements on behalf of CFRG. The
situation with Dragonfly matters to me only in so far as it has brought
attention to the fact that Kevin has a conflict between his employer's
mission and that of CFRG. Given this conflict, I think it is appropriate
for Kevin to resign or be removed. It is not clear that it is possible for
him to have the group's best interests at heart.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, December 23, 2013 11:09 AM
On Dec 23, 2013, at 5:21 PM, Tao Effect a "witch hunt" is taking place, and that this is all based on
It sure seems like it. More than one person on this list has stated that
this is nothing personal, but an employee of the NSA (one of tens or
hundreds of thousands) is automatically disqualified from chairing a
working group.
The arguments against him are the kind that are leveled against IETF
working group chairs on a regular basis - that they see consensus where
consensus does not exist. Such arguments are easy to prove or disprove,
because the mailing lists are public. I've seen plenty of arguments about
whether the two people + author who liked the proposal vs the one person
who asked a question and never replied to the list again constitute
"consensus". None of those arguments resulted in a petition to remove the
chair. I can only conclude that Kevin is getting special treatment because
of his organizational affiliation, which IMO sets a very bad precedent.
For the sake of argument, I will concede that all the accusations made are
true: that (other than Dan) Kevin had the only message to the CFRG list
with a favorable opinion of Dragonfly and that he presented that in a
private message to the TLS chairs as "CFRG is fine with this algorithm".
This could at worst be construed as mismanagement. Yet people present this
as a malicious attempt by the USG to subvert the standards process so that
people authenticate with a method that leaks timing information?  At the
TLS layer or all places. That accusation is baseless and makes no sense
for several reasons:
 - Nobody uses passwords at the TLS layer. A PAKE has been defined for
years, and it's implemented in the most popular library. Nobody cares
(sorry, Dan)
 - If the USG is spending money subverting the standards process to
standardize a vulnerable password-in-TLS method, Americans should be
worried - it's a monumental waste of their tax dollars.
 - The widespread surveillance that the Snowden documents revealed was all
done with no cryptography. It was all done by gaining access to the
plaintext or gaining access to keys. The agent trying to sabotage the
standards process would not be a cryptographer with an  email.
They'd be more surreptitious about it. (yeah, I know - that's what they'd
like me to think)
I don't know Kevin personally, and have never exchanged a word or an email
with him, but I believe that he is the target of a witch hunt.
Cfrg mailing list

@_date: 2013-12-20 19:04:41
@_author: William Whyte 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
I agree. It's appropriate for Kevin to be able to contribute, just as it's
appropriate for any individual to be able to contribute, but it's not
appropriate for any NSA employee to have a role of responsibility in a
crypto standards group, especially a group developing standards to be used
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, December 20, 2013 11:02 AM
Dear IRTF Chair, IAB, and CFRG:
I'd like to request the removal of Kevin Igoe from CFRG co-chair.
The Crypto Forum Research Group is chartered to provide crypto advice to
IETF Working Groups.  As CFRG co-chair for the last 2 years, Kevin has
shaped CFRG discussion and provided CFRG opinion to WGs.
Kevin's handling of the "Dragonfly" protocol raises doubts that he is
performing these duties competently.  Additionally, Kevin's employment
with the National Security Agency raises conflict-of-interest concerns.
Dragonfly Background
Dragonfly is a "Password-Authenticated Key Exchange" protocol (or "PAKE").
Dragonfly was proposed to CFRG 2 years ago [PROPOSAL].
Compared to better-known PAKEs, Dragonfly has no security proof, a lack of
extensive security analysis, nonfunctional complications added for IPR
reasons, and some security issues [REVIEW].
Dragonfly became a hot topic recently when the TLS WG disputed CFRG's
alleged report that Dragonfly was "satisfactory", as well as disputing
that this report reflected CFRG consensus [TLS_1].  After extensive
criticism of Dragonfly, the TLS WG ceased work on a Dragonfly extension
NSA Background
The National Security Agency ("NSA") is a U.S. Intelligence Agency which
is believed to devote considerable resources to:
 - "Influence policies, standards and specifications for commercial public
key technologies"
 - "Shape the worldwide cryptography marketplace to make it more tractable
to advanced cryptanalytic capabilities" [BULLRUN]
While much is unknown about these activities, the NSA is known to have
placed a "back door" in a NIST standard for random number generation
[ECDRBG].  A recent report from the President's Review Group recommends
that the NSA:
 - "fully support and not undermine efforts to create encryption
 - "not in any way subvert, undermine, weaken, or make vulnerable
generally available commercial software" [PRESIDENTS]
This suggests the NSA is currently behaving contrary to the
Reasons for requesting Kevin's removal
1)  Kevin has provided the *ONLY* positive feedback for Dragonfly that can
be found on the CFRG mailing list or meeting minutes.  The contrast
between Kevin's enthusiasm and the group's skepticism is striking
[CFRG_SUMMARY].  It's unclear what this enthusiasm is based on.  There's
no record of Kevin making any effort to understand Dragonfly's unusual
structure, compare it to alternatives, consider possible use cases, or
construct a formal security analysis.
2)  Twice Kevin suggested a technique for deriving the Dragonfly
password-based element which would make the protocol easy to break
[IGOE_1, IGOE_2].  He also endorsed an ineffective attempt to avoid timing
attacks by adding extra iterations to one of the loops [IGOE_3, IGOE_4].
These are surprising mistakes from an experienced cryptographer.
3)  Kevin's approval of Dragonfly to the TLS WG misrepresented CFRG
consensus, which was skeptical of Dragonfly [CFRG_SUMMARY].
4)  Kevin's NSA affiliation raises unpleasant but unavoidable questions
regarding these actions.  It's entirely possible these are just mistakes
by a novice chair who lacks experience in a particular sort of protocol
and is being pressured by IETF participants to endorse something.  But
it's hard to escape an impression of carelessness and unseriousness in
Kevin's work.  One wonders whether the NSA is happy to preside over this
sort of sloppy crypto design.
While that's of course speculation, it remains baffling that an
experienced cryptographer would champion such a shoddy protocol.  The CFRG
chairs have been silent for months, and haven't responded to attempts to
clarify this.
The position of CFRG chair (or co-chair) is a role of crucial importance
to the IETF community.  The IETF is in desperate need of trustworthy
crypto guidance from parties who are above suspicion.  I encourage the IAB
and IRTF to replace Kevin Igoe with someone who can provide this.
Thanks for considering this request.
[PROPOSAL] [REVIEW] [TLS_1] [TLS_2] [IGOE_1] [IGOE_2] [IGOE_3] [IGOE_4] Cfrg mailing list

@_date: 2014-01-04 03:57:46
@_author: William Whyte 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] pie in sky suites - long lived public key pairs for persistent identity 
I agree, multisignatures seem prudent. So does multiple public key
encryption algorithms for symmetric key exchange. Why risk a breakthrough
against one?
-----Original Message-----
Of Peter Todd
Sent: Friday, January 03, 2014 4:05 PM
Why can we only pick one?
In the context of stuff like email the overhead of n-of-m multisignature
isn't a big deal. Heck, even in the context of Bitcoin where transactions
have a cost per KB in the order of $0.10 to $1 n-of-m multisignature is
catching on as a way to protect funds from theft.
Why should digital signatures be any different?
cryptography mailing list
