
@_date: 2004-10-17 22:33:16
@_author: "WorldWater & Power" 
@_subject: WorldWater Announces Key Patent Filing 
WorldWater & Power Announces Key Patent Filing
WORLDWATER STRENGTHENS TECHNOLOGY PORTFOLIO WITH
              KEY PATENT FILING TO ENHANCE AQUAMAX™ SOLAR POWER PUMPS “No-Load Motor Cutoff” Solution Can be Implemented Even in
              Non-Solar AC Pumping Systems; Technology Licensing Possible Pennington, NJ, October 15, 2004 —WorldWater & Power Corporation (OTC BB: WWAT), maker of solar energy systems, has filed for a patent with the U.S. Patent Office that enables its proprietary AquaMax™ pumping systems to automatically shut down in low-water and low-load conditions, preventing motor damage. The announcement was made by Quentin T. Kelly, WorldWater Chairman and CEO.           The “No-Load Motor Cutoff” technology is a key enhancement to WorldWater’s AquaMax™ solar powered pumping systems. It enables the immediate shutdown of the pumping motor in situations where the water level falls below the pump motor’s water intake, stopping the flow of water through the pump system.           In such zero-flow – also referred to as “no-load” – situations, the pump motors can start to run at dangerously high speeds, leading to overheating and motor burn-out. Water levels can drop below operational levels for a variety of common reasons, including seasonal variations in water supply, or through over-pumping – situations where pumps extract water from wells or other water supplies faster than it is replaced.           All submersible AC electric pump motors – whether solar or conventionally powered -- must be equipped to shut down in response to no-load situations to avoid serious damage. WorldWater’s no-load technology can be readily adapted for any AC motors.           WorldWater’s cutoff switch solution works by electronically comparing motor speed and power consumption to detect no-load conditions and trigger safety shut-downs. It performs more reliably and cost effectively than previous motor cutoff methods, such as traditional electro-mechanical float-switch systems, according to Mr. Kelly. WorldWater may license the technology to conventional pump and motor control manufacturers. “The no-load motor cutoff method is another important step in our ability to provide value for customers of our AquaMax™ solar powered pumping systems,” said Mr. Kelly
About WorldWater & Power Corp.
WorldWater & Power Corp. is a full-service, international solar engineering and water management company with unique, high-powered and patented solar technology that provides solutions to a broad spectrum of the world’s water supply and energy problems. The Company’s recently patented AquaMax™ solar pumping systems are capable of driving motors up to 600 horsepower. For more information about WorldWater, visit the website at  , or for investor-specific information at  .
Cautionary Language
 Except for historical information contained herein, this document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company's actual results or outcomes to be materially different from those anticipated and discussed herein. Further, the Company operates in industries where securities values may be volatile and may be influenced by regulatory and other factors beyond the Company's control. Other important factors that the Company believes might cause such differences are discussed in the risk factors detailed in the Company's 10-KSB and its quarterly reports on Form 10-QSB both as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which include the Company's cash flow difficulties, dependence on significant customers, and rapid development of technology, among other risks. In assessing forward-looking statemen!
ts contained herein, readers are urged to carefully read all cautionary statements contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.        Company   Compensation and Other Disclosures
This Emerging Growth Alert (the "Alert") is published by Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc. ("Trilogy") to provide readers with information on selected publicly traded companies. Factual information is obtained from public filings and other sources deemed to be reliable; however, Trilogy takes no responsibility for verifying the accuracy of such information and makes no representation that such information is accurate or complete. Certain of the statements in this Alert may be considered forwarded looking statements. Trilogy makes no representation and provides no assurance or guaranty that such forward looking statements will be prove to be accurate. Statements of opinion and belief are those of the authors and/or editors of this Alert, and are based solely upon the information possessed by such authors and/or editors; no inference should be drawn that such authors or editors have any special or!
 greater knowledge about the company or companies profiled or any particular expertise in the industries or markets in which the profiled company or companies compete. The reader should verify all claims and complete his own due diligence before investing in any securities of profiled company or companies. Neither Trilogy nor anyone involved in the publication of this Alert is a registered investment adviser or broker/dealer. Trilogy makes no recommendation that the purchase of securities of company or companies profiled in this Alert are suitable or advisable for any person or that an investment such securities will be profitable. In general, given the nature of the company or companies profiled and the lack of an active trading market for their securities, investing in such securities is highly speculative and carries a high degree of risk. An investor in such securities should be prepared and able to bear a loss of his or her entire investment. Nothing in this Alert shoul!
d be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any!
 securities of any profiled company. Trilogy has been retained to provide investor relations services for the company profiled in this Alert and receives compensation for those services. Further, Trilogy and its employees and affiliates may own, or may purchase and sell, securities of the company or companies profiled. Trilogy undertakes no obligation to inform readers about the ownership or trading activities of it or its employees or affiliates in the securities of the profiled company or companies. Trilogy has the following compensation arrangements with the company or companies profiled in this Alert: WorldWater Corporation: ten thousand dollars ($10,000) per month for six months continuing on a month-to-month basis thereafter. Trilogy also has the right to purchase three hundred seventy-five thousand (375,000) warrants at twenty-five cents ($0.25) per share from WorldWater Corporation and an additional three hundred seventy-five thousand (375,000) warrants at twenty-fiv!
e cents ($0.25) per share from a non-affiliate third-party shareholder.         This is an advertisement.
        Your address was obtained from I-NetValues or one of its affiliates.          To discontinue subscription, please go here.
        To remove by postal mail:
        1730 South Federal Highway Suite 115
        Delray Beach, Florida  33483
