
@_date: 2001-09-26 05:18:46
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Sun to Launch Digital ID plans in conf call wed am 
Sun to Launch Digital ID, May Take on Microsoft
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Network computer maker Sun Microsystems
Inc.(Nasdaq:SUNW - news), said it would announce a ``digital identity''
initiative on Wednesday, a move that appeared to take aim at an old foe --
Microsoft Corp (Nasdaq:MSFT - news) -- and the software giant's Passport
system for Internet commerce.
Sun said in a statement on Tuesday that Scott McNealy, chief executive and
chairman, would unveil the initiative ''surrounding digital identity
solutions'' with an alliance of industry partners in a Wednesday morning
conference call.
...  At issue in part is the degree to which the organization holding
personal data could use it, where the data would be held and the security
of the personal information(...)

@_date: 2001-09-24 23:04:06
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: US Lawmaker calls for more Internet encryption 
Lawmaker calls for more Internet encryption
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -- A U.S. lawmaker well-versed in technology issues
said Friday that government bodies and citizens should use more
encryption, not less, to increase security on the Internet...Goodlatte
said more U.S. businesses and government agencies should use encryption to
guard against future computer-based attacks that could disable power
plants, banking systems, and other critical infrastructures. <...>

@_date: 2001-09-24 05:46:54
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: BBC story w/more details on UK mandatory ID, biometrics 
"The home secretary indicated on BBC One's On the Record programme that
his personal view was that a voluntary scheme would be pointless. "
Xeni Jardin
xeni |  | YIM: xeni_jardin
Monday, 24 September, 2001, 04:55 GMT 05:55 UK
ID cards 'high priority' for government
The UK government is considering making identity cards compulsory as part
of a crackdown on terrorism.
But Home Secretary David Blunkett says he will not be rushed into making a
"snap announcement" on cards or any other anti-terror measures.
He said: "I'm giving it a fairly high priority in terms of the discussions
and the consideration behind the scenes.
"There are much broader issues about entitlement and citizenship and not
merely security in terms of some form of identity card which we are
looking at very seriously indeed."
He also maintained that improvements in electronic thumb or fingerprint
technology or even "iris-prints" meant the threat of forgery would not
make the system redundant. <...>

@_date: 2001-09-24 05:41:08
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: UK ministers want mandatory nat'l. IDs, iris-scans, biometrics 
...from Monday's Sunday Times UK.
Xeni Jardin
xeni |  | YIM: xeni_jardin
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 24 2001
Blunkett wants ID cards for all
BY MELISSA KITE, STEWART TENDLER AND DANIEL MCGRORY
RIGID security measures, including compulsory identity cards for all
Britons, are being drawn up by ministers as part of the global war against
David Blunkett, the Home Secretary, confirmed yesterday that tough
legislation, which could breach human rights laws, would be brought before
MPs soon. Britain, he said, must throw down the gauntlet to terrorists as
never before.
The proposed legislation is thought to include increased powers of arrest
for the police to interrogate suspects and moves to abolish some rights of
judicial appeal for immigrants turned back at airports.
Police may be allowed to arrest people suspected of having knowledge about
terrorism, simply to interrogate them. Legislation to allow transcripts of
telephone conversations bugged by MI5 to be used as evidence in court is
also reported to be under consideration.
Mr Blunkett confirmed that identity cards were being considered very
seriously indeed. Asked whether they would be voluntary or compulsory, he
said: I think a voluntary card in the present circumstances would not be
a great deal of help.
Speaking on the BBCs On the Record programme, Mr Blunkett said that at
least three anti-terror Bills would introduce a range of new police
powers, including the increased powers of arrest. Compulsory ID cards
would use the latest technology, by scanning the iris of the eye or using
thumb or finger-printing.

@_date: 2001-09-24 04:47:07
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: TheRegister on anti-crypto/stego-hype in US media; UMich report 
The Register (UK) published this snarky article, below, poking fun at
recent anti-stego/crypto-hype in the American press in the wake of the
9/11 attacks. "USA Toady" is either a pretty funny typo, or a pretty funny
The article references a CITI/U.Mich. report from 31 August, "Detecting
Steganographic Content on the Internet" -- apologies in advance if the
report url (or analysis thereof) was previously posted onlist, I may have
missed it.
from the UMich report (url below):
"We have analyzed over two million images downloaded from eBay auctions,
and have not been able to find a single hidden message."

@_date: 2001-09-24 01:48:40
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: ID cards+law history; Kolender v. Lawson, 1983 
Some legal precendent on the matter, forwarded from the pho mailing list.
The Supremes struck it down in '83, citing 4th amendment violations... //
----- original message ---------
If you are interested in national ID card issues,
start with the 1983 Supreme Court decision in
Kolender v. Lawson, aka "The Walking Man" case
involving a California law that required
you to stop and identify yourself upon request,
struck down as unconstitutional with O'Connor writing the
majority opinion and Brennan penning a
broad warning for future attempts to legislate
in this area.  Brennan's opinion with this link to the
whole enchilada (technical legal term
for entire decision). In this  case, the court thought
the requirement vague? Would the same hold  true for
an ID card requirement imposed nationally? Brennan
says yes,  the others are less clear.
By the way, a sidebar to this case that
I found interesting. It was filed and briefed "pro se"
(representing himself as a non-attorney) by Mr.
Edward C. Lawson, a 36-year-old dreadlocked
businessman, using the Boalt  Hall Law Library
as his source. The Supreme Court would not allow Mr.
Lawson to argue his own case, as you will
find at Kolender v. Lawson,  459 U.S. 964 (1982).

@_date: 2001-09-20 01:21:10
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: WP:FBI investigating if/how terrorists used stego, crypto 
Terrorists' Online Methods Elusive
By Ariana Eunjung Cha and Jonathan Krim,
Washington Post Staff Writers
Wednesday, September 19, 2001
Government agencies are contacting computer experts for help in
understanding how Osama bin Laden and his associates may have used the
Internet to send encrypted electronic messages to one another to
coordinate last week's attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon,
sources said yesterday.
For at least three years, federal agents had found evidence that bin
Laden's group embedded secret missives in mundane e-mails and on Web
sites. But efforts to track down and decipher the messages have
Numerous, easy-to-download software applications are available online that
enable users to protect transmissions from curious eyes and frustrate
government attempts to create a systematic way to locate and screen those
Basic encryption tools allow people to scramble messages so that only
those with a "key" can read them. An increasing number, however, go beyond
this by allowing messages to be hidden inside graphics, music files or in
the headers of e-mails. The technology, known as steganography, allows
users to get around electronic wiretaps by piggybacking messages on
seemingly innocent digital files for things such as 'N Sync songs, a
posting on eBay or a pornographic picture.
The proliferation of this technology, people in the security community
say, is changing the rules of the intelligence game by allowing anyone to
coordinate dispersed global armies quickly and cheaply.
Several experts in the field said yesterday they've received calls from
the government asking for their assistance. One academic researcher said
he was asked to remain on standby to help try to peel the layers off of
any encrypted messages the government might find.
But that might be the easy part. Sources close to the investigation said
the few messages investigators have intercepted in the past did not take
advantage of encryption techniques. The challenge, at least in this case,
has been finding the messages in the first place.
Neil Johnson, associate director of the Center for Secure Information
Systems at George Mason University, which receives funding from the
government, said steganography is powerful because messages can
effectively be hidden almost anywhere.
Johnson's recent research has focused, with some success, on how to crack
it by examining a site, image or data stream for signs that steganography
was used, he said.
Mark Loveless, a computer security consultant with BindView Development
Corp., said the technology is also popular because if it's used properly
it would be almost impossible to trace the author of the message and the
recipient because of the random way in which files are distributed from
user to user using swapping services such as Napster and Gnutella.
In the wake of the attacks, Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) has proposed making
it mandatory that software developers give government security agents the
"keys" to encryption programs when they are created, a position strongly
opposed by many in the technology community who worry it could be used to
invade the privacy of law-abiding computer users.
Phil Zimmermann, the creator of a popular encryption technology, said he
believes the answer to catching the terrorists lies in human footwork
rather than more surveillance technologies: "It's not practical to frisk
everyone on the planet to find the one person with a box cutter."
The government has been waging war on data-scrambling technology on
several fronts for more than 30 years. It has asked Congress for stricter
rules on exporting the technology and has taken the developers of such
technology to courts. Most recently, the NSA created a whole department to
try to "leverage emerging technologies and sustain both our offensive and
defensive information warfare capabilities," according to a recent
document outlining its cryptography strategy.
At a closed congressional hearing last year, one federal official said
that U.S. intelligence is "detecting with increasing frequency the
appearance and adoption of computer and Internet familiarity" in the hands
of terrorist organizations. "The skills and resources of this threat group
range from the merely troublesome to dangerous," the official said in a
submitted statement. "As we know, Middle East terrorist groups  such as
Hezbollah, Hamas and Osama bin Laden's organization  are using
computerized files, e-mail and encryption to support their organizations."
That view was echoed by Ben Venzke, an intelligence and cyber-security
consultant in Virginia who assists several government agencies.
"Groups like them are very intelligent," he said. "They are very wise in
the ways of tradecraft and operational security and will make use of any
tools that are available," he said.
Back to Washtech.com Home
) 2001 The Washington Post Company

@_date: 2001-09-24 05:08:24
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: ID cards+law history; 
All bets are definitely off. IANAL, but what seems most relevant to the
discussion of "national ID cards" from the earlier 1983 decision was the
court's affirmation that citizens shouldn't be subject to arrest for not
displaying ID to law enforcement on demand. As far as I can see, the
judgement doesn't restrict whether or not a law enforcement officer can
*ask* for ID, just says that a citizen shouldn't be presumed guilty of
some crime for not displaying it.
During los anos Clinton, there was some talk of implementing a national ID
card system as part of his healthcare proposal, if memory serves -- and
that idea tanked. Offhand, I'm not aware of other instances in US history
when a national ID card system has been proposed + debated in the name of
national security... surely this must have come up before at some point...

@_date: 2001-09-27 04:31:48
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: Microsoft the new Smith & Wesson? 
Monday September 17 7:43 PM ET
Microsoft Delays Flying Game Launch
REDMOND, Wash. (AP) - Microsoft Corp. plans to delay the launch of a new
version of Flight Simulator, its popular computer game that allows players
to fly airplanes over New York City and other metropolitan areas, because
of last week's terrorist attacks.
``It's just an inappropriate time to release the product,'' Microsoft
spokesman Matt Pilla said Monday from the company's Redmond headquarters.
No new launch date has been set for Flight Simulator 2002, which was
originally due out in October.
In existing versions of Flight Simulator, players can pilot aircraft
ranging from gliders to jetliners over much of the world, with detailed
scenery of airports and cities, including New York and the World Trade
Center towers. Should an aircraft strike a building or other structure,
the program shows the plane has crashed, but the buildings do not blow up.
Microsoft announced Friday it would remove depictions of the World Trade
Center's twin towers from the new version.
The company also will put out a software patch that allows people to
remove the towers from existing versions of the game (...)

@_date: 2001-10-29 20:10:13
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: reuters: "U.S. Military Unveils Smart ID Card." 
Monday October 29 3:01 PM ET
U.S. Military Unveils Smart ID Card
By Andrea Shalal-Esa
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top U.S. military officials on Monday unveiled a new
generation of ``smart'' identity cards, but were still weighing whether to add
medical data and other information to the chip-based ID cards.
The Defense Department said it expected to issue the chip-based ``common access
cards'' to 4.3 million military personnel -- including active military, selected
reserves, civilian employees and some contractors -- within the next 15 months.
Officials said the cards, which include a photograph, bar code, magnetic strip
and other identifying text, would help tighten security on access at 900 U.S.
military sites worldwide, including the Pentagon (news - web sites), and to
computer networks, including access to encrypted e-mail and online transactions.
``The big benefits are in the area of security,'' said Dr. David Chu,
undersecretary of defense for personnel and readiness, told Reuters. ``You can
know who was in a facility at a given time.''
He said that issue had taken on new importance after the Sept. 11 hijacking
attacks and the discovery of anthrax-laced letters, which has prompted the
government to put thousands of postal workers and others exposed to the
potentially deadly bacteria on antibiotics.
``This technology is an important tool to improving the way the Defense
Department does business,'' he said.
Once the cards are widely distributed, the military could also use them to help
create manifests for troop deployments, greatly speeding a process that can last
hours now, officials said.
Holders could also use the cards to book and file travel plans and expenses,
officials said.
MEDICAL DATA COULD BE ADDED LATER
The military later could add encrypted medical information to the cards, or
simply use them to access secure computer files with that information, Chu said.
But, he said there would be benefits and risks to such a move, and the Pentagon
had not yet approved it.
Mary Dixon, director of the Defense Department's access card office, said
officials were mindful of service members' privacy concerns.
Assistant Secretary of Defense John Stenbit said other countries such as South
Africa already used such cards to control access to voting booths and welfare
Officials at the Pentagon and EDS Corp. (NYSE:EDS - news), the main contractor
for the smart cards, said efforts were underway to boost the capacity of the
cards within a year.
Efforts were also underway to add an individual's fingerprint, which could be
ready for implementation within two years, said Ken Scheflen, director of the
Defense Manpower Data Center.
Scheflen said the Pentagon's experience with the new technology could prove
useful in any move to create national identification cards for the United
States, but no such discussions were underway.
While the military had no trouble authenticating its users, it could prove more
difficult to do so if each American was issued a national ID -- potentially over
200 million people, Scheflen said.

@_date: 2001-10-29 16:35:42
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: FW: Fox News' source for story "FBI to centralize 'Net" speaks 
From Dave Farber's IP list. --XJ
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-ip-sub-1 Behalf Of David Farber
Sent: Monday, October 29, 2001 8:30 AM
For archives see:

@_date: 2001-10-25 02:46:47
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: stamps.com: buh-bye anonymous post-mail, hello smart "crypto 
Noted without comment: this stamps.com press release hit the wires earlier
Stamps.com Technology Helps Improve Mail Security
Internal Task Force to Focus on Further Utilization of Internet Postage Security
SANTA MONICA, Calif. - October 24, 2001 - Stamps.comTM (Nasdaq: STMP).
Stamps.com announced today that it has appointed an internal task force to
explore new applications that further harness and utilize the security inherent
in its Internet Postage solution. Traditional stamped mail offers limited
security information. Stamps.com's Internet Postage service, on the other hand,
can provide extensive information regarding the sender's identity, point of
origination and the path taken through the mail system. Stamps.com intends to
develop new features to further improve mail security for its customers.
Stamps.com's Internet Postage solution utilizes Information Based Indicia, or
cryptographic two-dimensional barcodes, as a replacement for traditional
postage. This "intelligent" postage, which can be printed using standard PC
printers, contains important mail processing information that can provide
valuable assistance to authorities investigating inappropriate postal
"Stamps.com's secure technology provides mail recipients greater peace of mind,"
said Stamps.com CEO Ken McBride. "Each piece of mail sent using Stamps.com is
unique and traceable by authorities to its sender, thus serving as a deterrent
to those intent on using the postal system to do harm. Mail sent using the
Stamps.com service is also associated with an individual credit card or checking
account, which can further reduce the opportunity for abuse."
A trusted, efficient, and secure mail system has always been a cornerstone of
the American economy. Enhanced adoption of advanced technologies, such as
Stamps.com's Internet Postage service, can promote a higher level of security
within the mail system. Stamps.com continues to work with postal authorities to
encourage greater usage of Internet Postage.
"With a two-dimensional barcode on the envelope or package, recipients can feel
more assured today that the mail is traceable and secure. For the sender, a more
secure and professional looking mail piece will encourage the intended recipient
to open the package or envelope," said McBride.
About Stamps.com
Stamps.com (Nasdaq: STMP) is the leading provider of Internet-based postage
services. Its flagship product, Stamps.com Internet Postaged, enables customers
to print U.S. Postal Service-approved postage via a computer and Internet

@_date: 2001-10-22 15:13:26
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: Guatemala - Public Announcement (fwd) 
This is not news. The DOS advisories for Guatemala have said essentially one
version or another of "Americans are in danger of being targeted for violent
attack in Guatemala" for literally years. US travelers and residents are
considered soft mugging targets; there's longstanding political hostility; and
there's been intense hostility in more recent years against Americans whom many
Guatemalans believe are exporting Guatemalan children and in some cases,
children's internal organs, in organized orphan-trafficking to foreign
countries. Not a new warning by any means.

@_date: 2001-10-21 06:58:32
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Sorry about the snowflakes + swami dust.(Was RE: Assault 
Other than the fact that a number of the scares are very real, the whole thing
keeps feeling more and more like a bad Monty Python episode. Friday's British
Medical Journal, cited in another AP anthrax roundup story below, describes the
free-floating bioterror anxiety as "mass sociogenic illness." As Ken Alibek
testified before the House this week, the primary desired effect is
psychological disruption, not body count...
<<...An Australian lawmaker's office was sealed off amid confusion over ashes
from a Hindu temple, and American Express apologized for sending plastic
snowflakes to Swedish customers as anthrax scares multiplied worldwide on
Parliament security officers in Australia's New South Wales state sealed off the
office of a lawmaker after a worker found a package full of ashes postmarked
from the ``Wandering Swamy of Arunchala Hills.''
The package, the lawmaker later explained, was holy ash from a swami he met
during a recent trip to India.
American Express Co. said Friday it will send letters of apology to some 40,000
Swedish card holders who received a promotional Christmas mailing containing an
envelope with plastic snowflakes marked ``spread these out.'' The mailing
prompted angry phone calls.
``We understand that people are upset,'' said spokeswoman Gunnel Engberg. ``They
complained that the timing was inadequate, not that it was dangerous in any
way.'' >>

@_date: 2001-10-14 22:58:11
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: on the mexican radio.. ciproxolina 
Yup. I've been spending considerable time in and around Tijuana
recently--tourism numbers are way down, but the Cipro-inspired border crossing
thing is real. There is also a considerable degree of freaking out at present
among Mexican citizens themselves over the threat of anthrax (newscasts are
talking about "Anthrax Psychosis" spreading throughout Mexico.)
In addition to the contrasting coverage of Al-Qaeda video releases (US is
censoring them, MX isn't...yet), networks like Univision and Telemundo are
covering a number of other angles to the broader story we're not seeing from
US-owned media. For instance, reports (like the url below) on the effect of 9-11
on illegal drug trafficking. Bottom line: heroin & coke prices are spiking due
to heightened security along narcotrafficking corridors into the US. Don't hold
your breath waiting for CNN to cover that news, amigo.

@_date: 2001-10-13 15:38:24
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: L.A. Sony Pictures employee hospitalized; anthrax exposure 
(CNN) -- California is the latest state to report a possible case of anthrax
An employee of Sony Pictures in Culver City has been admitted to the hospital
after opening an envelope containing a white powdery substance, a local law
enforcement official said. (Full story)
"When he opened it, he took an item out and got a white powdery substance on his
hands," Culver City Police Lt. Dave Tankenson said.
The man, whose name was not released, was being examined at Brotman Medical
Center on Friday, Tankenson said.
Tankenson said officials were discussing the possibility the powder was anthrax
but could not be sure until test results were completed. "We're treating it as a
serious incident until we learn otherwise," he said. (...)

@_date: 2001-10-12 03:25:17
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Mitnick pops up on ABC-TV spy series "Alias." 
I haven't seen this confirmed elsewhere, so take it FWIW. Then again maybe the
big trades don't know who Mitnick is, or care. Hey, maybe Evil Bert will cameo
the following week, when ABC produces an episode on sending messages to sleeper
agents through DIY Bangladeshi Photoshop collages.

@_date: 2001-10-11 02:02:08
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: Open Sesame: Re: circular webs: bert & osama in undoctored 
Fools. The significance of these images' sudden emergence is woefully clear.
They're obviously nefarious cyber-tools terrorists are using to distribute
secret, stego-instructions to one other, now that land communications have been
knocked out.  We must bomb Sesame Street and convert the swarthy Muppets to

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:11:04
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Jihad-training site: apparently, UK police closed it, arrested 
None of the wire stories I saw before this 8AM Reuters piece today
(below) indicated clearly who shut the site down, or specified that the
site closure occurred in conjunction with the instructor's arrest and
detention. The later AP story dated 3:33 today further specifies that
the arrested instructor is one London resident by the name of Sulayman
Balal Zainulabidin. --XJ
-----Original Message-----
UK Shuts Down 'Ultimate Jihad Experience' on Web
October 4, 2001 7:59 am EST
url (will wrap)< attack_britain_jihad_dc_1.html >
UK Shuts Down 'Ultimate Jihad Experience' on Web
By Karen Matusic
LONDON (Reuters) - A Web site offering young Muslims the chance to learn
all about explosives and the ``art of bone breaking'' was shut down this
week under a new British crackdown on Islamic extremists.
Police sources told Reuters Thursday that the closure of the
London-based Sakina Securities Web site (
followed the arrest Monday of one of its instructors on terrorism
The 43-year-old alleged Sakina instructor -- police refuse to name
him -- is one of two men being held on terrorism charges in Britain as
it tightens the net on militants.
Britain's clampdown follows the September 11 hijack attacks on the
United States. Some of the 19 alleged hijackers are said to have passed
through Britain in the months before the attacks.
Sakina, which bills itself as an international security firm, claims to
have sent fighters to Afghanistan (news - web sites) and Chechnya
(news - web sites).
The Web site said Sakina ``prides itself on high-risk jobs in the former
Soviet Union and in the civil war arenas of the world'' and prepared
Muslims to ``defend themselves'' by training them in self-defense and
outdoor survival strategies.
``Islam is not an aggressive belief but we have the right and the
obligation to defend ourselves,'' founder Mohammed Jameel told Reuters
in 1999. ``We are not going to escalate violence because we're
restricted in what we do by Islamic law.''
Virtual violence was another matter.
Describing its course as the ``ultimate jihad experience,'' the site
offered participants the chance to shoot off 3,000 live rounds at a U.S.
firing range, ``improvise explosive devices'' or learn all about bone
Jameel was not available for comment Thursday. No one answered the phone
at Sakina's London office.
The shutdown is the latest sign of a clampdown on militancy in Britain,
long criticized as a haven for Islamic extremists.
Along with the Sakina instructor, police have detained Algerian pilot
Lotfi Raissi, who is accused by the FBI (news - web sites) of teaching
the hijackers to fly the planes which crashed into U.S. landmarks last
Raissi, due to appear in a London court Friday, is expected to be
questioned soon by FBI agents in Britain.
Another Algerian, arrested in central England in connection with planned
terror attacks in France and Belgium, was extradited to France last
All those arrested were charged under new anti-terrorism laws that came
into effect in February, making it an offence to incite anyone to commit
an act of terrorism, including murder, or to support anyone who
committed a terrorism act.
A suspect in an alleged plot to blow up the U.S. embassy in Paris told
French investigators he recruited several militants at British mosques.
Britain has stepped up its monitoring of the activities of outspoken
self-styled Islamic clerics like Syrian-born Sheikh Omar Barki Mohammed
who issued a fatwa, or religious edict, ordering the death of Pakistani
President Pervez Musharraf.
Musharraf has supported the United States in its campaign to force
Afghanistan's Taliban rulers to hand over Osama bin Laden (news - web
sites), Washington's prime suspect in last month's attacks.

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:02:33
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: details on UK arrest of Jihad-trainer who promoted courses 
In a round-up story on allied military planning timeline & recent
European terror-related arrests, AP just published this update on the
arrest of one of the instructors affiliated with the now-shuttered
website for Sakina Security Ltd.:
"Elsewhere in Europe, judicial and police authorities continued to
hunt for terrorist suspects. In London, police charged Sulayman Balal
Zainulabidin under sections of the Terrorism Act that cover weapons
training for terrorist purposes and recruitment for training, but
declined to say whether his arrest was tied to the Sept. 11 attacks.
The 43-year-old chef was apprehended on Monday and Scotland Yard said he
was scheduled to appear at a magistrates' court on Friday.
Reports in newspapers including The Guardian and The Independent have
said Zainulabidin was suspected of involvement with Sakina Security
Ltd., a London security firm believed to have providing arms training to
young extremists.
Scotland Yard would not comment on that reported link and the company is
not listed in the London telephone directory. "
U.S. May Take Time Planning Attack
  U.S. Gathering Allies For Attack (Reuters)
Thursday October 4 3:33 PM ET
By EMMANUEL GEORGES-PICOT, Associated Press Writer
PARIS (AP) - U.S. military retaliation following last month's terrorist
attacks on Washington and New York isn't likely for several weeks,
France's defense minister said Thursday.
Defense Minister Alain Richard said many key decisions by nations
participating in the U.S. anti-terrorism campaign had not yet been made
and should not be made in haste.
German Defense Minister Rudolf Scharping was quoted Thursday as saying
that German troops may soon be involved in reconnaissance in an
anti-terror campaign and could also be called up for ``classic''
military operations.
``German soldiers serve, for example, in NATO (news - web sites)'s
so-called integrated operations - on board AWACS aircraft or ships,''
Scharping said in an interview with the mass-circulation Bild daily. The
defense ministry confirmed the remarks but added no details.
Scharping said Germany's contribution ``may include also classic
military capabilities'' as part of a long-term fight against terror.
``We mustn't only look to Afghanistan (news - web sites), which
correctly stands in the center at the moment,'' he was quoted as saying.
On Thursday, the 18 NATO allies approved U.S. requests for specific
military contributions in the campaign against terrorism, NATO
Secretary-General Lord Robertson said.
The NATO move came after Washington offered evidence of Osama bin Laden
(news - web sites)'s involvement in the New York and Washington attacks.
Some of that evidence was detailed publicly for the first time by Prime
Minister Tony Blair (news - web sites) in London on Thursday.
Blair told parliament that three of the hijackers have been ``positively
identified'' as bin Laden associates and that one of them was involved
in the 1998 attacks on the U.S. embassies in East Africa and last year's
attack on the U.S.S. Cole.
``We are now approaching the difficult time when action is taken. It
will be difficult, there are no easy options,'' Blair told lawmakers.
But in Paris, the french defense minister said action was not likely to
take place for ``several weeks.''
``The decisions to take action haven't been made,'' Richard said.
``Everyone is going to prepare their own means that will be well-adapted
for a joint effort. We aren't at the end of that.''
France has made its ports available to American warships and sent an
ultramodern frigate and a fuel and supply ship to the Arabian Sea for
use by the U.S. naval fleet gathering in the area.
Cyprus also announced it had given the United States permission to use
airports and airspace for its war on terrorism, availing U.S. forces of
a potentially helpful stopping-off point in the Mediterranean.
Elsewhere in Europe, judicial and police authorities continued to hunt
for terrorist suspects.
In London, police charged Sulayman Balal Zainulabidin under sections of
the Terrorism Act that cover weapons training for terrorist purposes and
recruitment for training, but declined to say whether his arrest was
tied to the Sept. 11 attacks.
The 43-year-old chef was apprehended on Monday and Scotland Yard said he
was scheduled to appear at a magistrates' court on Friday.
Reports in newspapers including The Guardian and The Independent have
said Zainulabidin was suspected of involvement with Sakina Security
Ltd., a London security firm believed to have providing arms training to
young extremists.
Scotland Yard would not comment on that reported link and the company is
not listed in the London telephone directory.
In Germany Thursday, a court in Wiesbaden allowed investigators to
obtain data from five Internet service providers used by a suspected
terrorist for radical Islamist Web sites. Court spokesman Juergen Fehr
said the servers were used by a Turkish suspect arrested last week in
Wiesbaden on suspicion of plotting terrorist attacks in Germany.

@_date: 2001-10-05 14:53:08
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: "HNC Developing New Air Security Software" 
The Reuters story follows, and the HNC corporate press release
announcing the project is here:
press release excerpt:
October 4, 2001
HNC Developing New Air Security Software
By REUTERS
Filed at 5:35 p.m. ET
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - HNC Software Inc (news/quote) (HNCS.O), best
known for products that help catch credit-card and insurance fraud, said
on Thursday it was developing a program for airlines that would sweep
through reservation records for suspicious patterns and help flag
potential hijackers.
San Diego-based HNC is developing the software with privately-held PROS
Revenue Management Inc., which manages revenue systems for major
airlines, including Southwest Airlines (news/quote) (LUV.N), Delta Air
Lines Inc. (news/quote) (DAL.N) and Continental Airlines Inc.
(news/quote)``We're already in dialogue with airline companies today,''
said John Mutch, chief executive of HNC, adding that he expected the new
security software would be delivered within six months.
The new technology will mesh HNC's science-based risk detection
capabilities -- which use mathematical algorithms that identify patterns
in data -- with PROS' data-driven forecasting expertise. By scoring
patterns in millions of reservation records and other data, it will
identify suspicious transactions, which can be flagged for
``We will be able to detect patterns -- for instance, if five people of
the same origin are traveling together and may use a certain kind of
payment, fall between the ages of 25 and 40, and had previously limited
credit history,'' Mutch said.
``These are the types of things we could use to provide risk profiles.
The relationships are subtle,'' he said.
The program would deliver a real-time scorecard to airlines, with a
range of one to 1,000, which would alert airline personnel of the
potential need to increase security.
``If a flight scored 950, the likelihood of a security risk or problem
would be very high, and the airline, for instance, could cancel or delay
the flight,'' he said.
SCORING RISKS
Depending on the score, airlines could determine whether or not to
cancel or delay a flight to re-check baggage, or question passengers, he
``Security threats are frequently evident in patterns of traveler data,
and our solutions can assist in analyzing these patterns,'' said Bert
Winemiller, chief executive of Houston-based PROS.
Previous suggestions to use data-mining software to sift through
corporate records have drawn opposition from civil rights advocates.
``The system will have to draw data on individuals but the profiles are
anonymous,'' said Mutch who conceded that ``there is a trade-off between
security and privacy, there's no question.''
Some experts have endorsed the application of the technology, which
found its first commercial application in programs that scan for
potential credit card fraud.
``In the 1980s, when the first model that screened for hijackers and
terrorists was designed, the sophisticated predictive technologies these
companies are bringing to bear on this glaring problem did not exist,''
said Joseph Del Balzo, former acting administrator of the Federal
Aviation Administration.
Mutch said HNC has earmarked about $10 million to develop new security
technology, including $4 million in government defense and intelligence
contracts. A month before the Sept. 11 attacks on the Pentagon and the
World Trade Center, HNC reached a three-year contract with the Defense
Department to develop a program that would identify outbreaks of
biological attacks by detecting patterns within bacterial DNA.
HNC's stock fell 49 cents on Thursday to $21.05, but has rallied back to
the level that it had held before the attacks, in line with a gain in
other security-related shares. The stock has lost almost 28 percent so
far this year.
HNC like many other technology companies has seen business slow and on
Thursday it said it expects third quarter earnings and sales to fall
below analysts' estimates, with revenues ranging between $58 million and
$59 million and operating earnings per share from 13 cents to 15 cents.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial/First Call had estimated on average
the company would report earnings of 18 cents a share and revenues of
$60.5 million.
``I think everyone in the technology sector has been affected in the
third quarter and we're not an exception. We saw a lot of standstill and
we're going to adopt a very cautious guidance going forward,'' he said.

@_date: 2001-10-09 04:07:32
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: More on Anthrax cases at publishing company in Florida 
...further evidence it's not nice to taunt Happy-Fun Jihad.

@_date: 2001-10-09 03:57:55
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Register on Anderson: "Times misquoted me - crypto expert" 
You gotta love those scribes at the Register--take this comment on UK
tabloid frenzy over alleged stego-hijinks of OBL and crew:
"Since the Times' stablemates the Sun and the News of the World have
allegedly been hiding news in pornographic content for several years,
(although we've never found any news in either paper to substantiate
that meme), the allegation doesn't surprise us. "
The Times misquoted me - crypto expert
By Andrew Orlowski in San Francisco
Posted: 08/10/2001 at 17:43 GMT
International cryptography expert Professor Ross Anderson has demanded a
correction from the The Times for being misquoted on the subject of
terrorists' use of email.
With echoes of Phil Zimmermann's treatment by the Washington Post, which
manufactured quotes by Zimmermann expressing "regret" for devising PGP
encryption, Anderson says the Times journalist "was determined - or had
been instructed - to write the story anyway".
Anderson lambasts The Times for unquestioningly peddling the meme that
terrorists communicate using information hidden in pornographic content.
Since the Times' stablemates the Sun and the News of the World have
allegedly been hiding news in pornographic content for several years,
(although we've never found any news in either paper to substantiate
that meme), the allegation doesn't surprise us.
"It is unclear what national interest is served by security agencies
propagating this lurid urban myth. Perhaps the goal is to manufacture an
excuse for the failure to anticipate the events of September 11th.
Perhaps it is preparing the ground for an attempt at bureaucratic
empire-building via Internet regulation, as a diversionary activity from
the much harder and less pleasant task of going after al-Qaida.
"Perhaps the vision of bin Laden as cryptic pornographer is being spun
to create a subconscious link, in the public mind, with the scare
stories about child pornography that were used before September 11th
to justify government plans for greater Internet regulation," writes
Anderson suggests the articles "should be read as a deliberate plant by
You can read more here
and here
. .

@_date: 2001-10-09 20:22:51
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: White House appointment: Officer of Cyber-security 
Apologies for the error... wishful thinking on my part. In additions to
the background links on Richard Clark Declan posted, the office of the
Press Secretary's news release from this morning follows, FWIW--not much
new news there. BTW could someone on the Hill please wake up to the fact
that the adjective "cyber" is totally outre.
For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
October 9, 2001
Fact Sheet
The National Director for Combating Terrorism & the Special Advisor to
the President for Cyberspace Security
   National Director & Deputy National Security Advisor for Combating
                 General Wayne Downing (U.S. Army Ret.)
Global  terrorism  poses  a  grave  danger  to the national security of
the United  States  and to the safety of all Americans at home and
abroad.  Our campaign   against   terrorism   must  include  military,
diplomatic,  law enforcement,   intelligence,   and   financial
operations   in   seamless coordination  with each other.  Many agencies
of the federal government are involved in this effort, and close
coordination among them is imperative to develop  and  execute a
strategy that draws on and integrates all available resources.
To  achieve  this policy, the President has established the position of
the National  Director  and  Deputy  National  Security  Advisor  for
Combating Terrorism.  The National Director will be the President's
principal advisor on  matters  related  to  combating global terrorism,
including all efforts designed to detect, disrupt, and destroy global
terrorist organizations and those who support them.
The  National  Director  will  report to the Assistant to the President
for National  Security  Affairs.  The National Director will also report
to the Assistant  to  the  President for Homeland Security with respect
to matters relating to global terrorism inside the United States.
         Special Advisor to the President for Cyberspace Security
                              Richard Clarke
The  information  technology  revolution  has  changed  the way business
is transacted,  government  operates,  and national defense is
conducted.  The United  States  now  depends  upon  a  complex,
interdependent  network of critical  infrastructure  information
systems  that  are  essential to our national and economic security.
These networks include information systems in the government,
telecommunications, banking and finance, transportation, energy,
manufacturing, water, health and emergency services networks.
The  United  States must protect against the disruption of the operation
of these  systems.   Any disruption that occurs must be infrequent, of
minimal duration, manageable, and cause the least possible damage.
The  President's  Special  Advisor  for Cyberspace Security will
coordinate interagency  efforts  to  secure  information  systems.   In
the event of a disruption, the Special Advisor will coordinate efforts
to restore critical systems.
The  Special  Advisor  will work in close coordination and partnership
with the  private sector, which owns and operates the vast majority of
America's critical  infrastructure.   The  Special  Advisor  will  be
the President's principal  advisor  on matters related to cyberspace
security and report to the  Assistant  to the President for Homeland
Security and to the Assistant to the President for National Security
The  Special Advisor will also serve as chairman of a government-wide
board that  will  coordinate  the protection of critical information
systems (the President  is  expected  to  sign  an Executive Order soon
establishing the board).

@_date: 2001-10-09 16:40:50
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: White House appointment: Officer of Cyber-security 
White House press spokesman Ari Fleischer just announced pending
appointment of the "Officer of Cyber-Security" to the Homeland Defense
Team. I believe the appointee name was Roger Clarke, I may have the
first name wrong. They're going to brief more on this in about 30
minutes, and I'm sure more details will be evident by day's end.

@_date: 2001-10-10 16:53:05
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: OK, folks, the Bert-Osama connection is for real 
My bad. Extremely sorry about that. Won't happen again.

@_date: 2001-10-10 15:46:35
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: OK, folks, the Bert-Osama connection is for real 
new evidence emerges:
(from Frank Davis on the pho list.)
This Dutch news article features a crystal-clear photo of the poster
whose author must have used this file, from an "Evil Bert" parody site
as a source image:
< other legit wire service photos of the Osama bin Bert poster from a
Bangladesh anti-American rally:
So does this mean we carpet-bomb Sesame Street as a community that
harbors, aids, and abets those who facilitate terrorism?
Xeni Jardin
xeni |  | YIM: xeni_jardin

@_date: 2001-10-10 16:05:15
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Bert-Bin Laden: Declan explains it all 
[mailto:owner-politech Behalf Of Declan McCullagh
Sent: Wednesday, October 10, 2001 8:24 AM
The Bangladeshi poster:
The Bert-Osama clip art's origins:
   Osama Has a New Friend
   By Declan McCullagh (declan
   7:18 a.m. Oct. 10, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- Evil Bert, meet Evil Osama.
   Right now, the two appear to be inseparable -- at least on ubiquitous
   posters carried by pro-Taliban protesters.
   Devotees of freak-humor websites will recall the infamous "Bert is
   Evil" page, a shrine to the gourd-like Sesame Street character, which
   offers compelling photographic evidence of the muppet consorting with
   Hitler, the KKK and, of course, Jerry Springer.
   Now, in a move that defies all rules of logic, a doctored photo
   showing Bert with the world's most-wanted terrorist, Osama bin Laden,
   seems to have made its way into an anti-American Islamic protest in
   Bangladesh.
   Reuters photographs of a rally this week organized by
   Jaamiat-e-Talabaye Arabia, a radical Islamic organization, show that
   protesters created a pro-bin Laden sign out of a collage of photos
   they apparently lifted from Internet sites.
   But -- is it fate or coincidence? -- the sign featured a Bert muppet
   sitting on the left side of the man believed to be responsible for the
   bloodiest terrorist attack in U.S. history.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-10-11 03:27:52
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: NYT:At U.S. Request, Networks Agree to Edit Future bin Laden 
October 11, 2001
THE COVERAGE
At U.S. Request, Networks Agree to Edit Future bin Laden Tapes
By BILL CARTER and FELICITY BARRINGER
he five major television news organizations reached a joint agreement yesterday
to follow the suggestion of the White House and abridge any future videotaped
statements from Osama bin Laden or his followers to remove language the
government considers inflammatory.
The decision, the first time in memory that the networks had agreed to a joint
arrangement to limit their prospective news coverage, was described by one
network executive as a "patriotic" decision that grew out of a conference call
between the nation's top news executives and the White House National Security
Adviser, Condoleezza Rice, yesterday morning.
The five news organizations, ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, along with its
subsidiary, MSNBC, the Cable News Network and the Fox News Channel all had
broadcast, unedited, a taped message from Mr. bin Laden on Sunday. On Tuesday,
the all-news cable channels, CNN, Fox News and MSNBC, also carried the complete
speech of a spokesmen for Al Qaeda.
Ari Fleischer, the White House spokesman, in his news briefing yesterday,
indicated that Ms. Rice was primarily concerned that terrorists could be using
the broadcasts to send coded messages to other terrorists, but the network
executives said in interviews that this was only a secondary consideration. They
said Ms. Rice mainly argued that the tapes enabled Mr. bin Laden to vent
propaganda intended to incite hatred and potentially kill more Americans.
The executives said that they will broadcast only short portions of any tape
issued by Al Qaeda and would eliminate any passages containing flowery rhetoric
urging violence against Americans. They agreed to accompany the tapes with
reports providing what they called appropriate context.
They also agreed to avoid repeatedly showing excerpts from the tapes, which they
had previously done in what one executive described as "video wallpaper."
One network, ABC, said it would limit the use of moving images from tapes
released by Mr. Bin Laden or Al Qaeda, mostly relying on a still picture from a
frame of the tape and the printed text of whatever message was being delivered.
The coverage of the aftermath of the terrorists attacks on New York and the
Pentagon has generated intense competitive pressure among the television news
organizations, which has increased this week as the news divisions labored to
find images to continue documenting United States attacks on Afghanistan.
The tapes have been broadcast by the Arabic language satellite network, Al
Jazeera, and picked up by the American networks.
The news executives said they had never previously consulted each other en masse
and come to an agreement on a policy about coverage.
But they said the current circumstances were unlike any other they have
"This is a new situation, a new war, and a new kind of enemy," said Andrew
Heyward, the president of CBS News. "Given the historic events we're enmeshed
in, it's appropriate to explore new ways of fulfilling our responsibilities to
the public."
The presidents of the news divisions all said that Ms. Rice had not tried to
coerce them. "She was very gentle, very diplomatic, very deft," said Roger
Ailes, the chairman of Fox News.
Walter Isaacson, the chairman of CNN, said, "It was very useful to hear their
information and their thinking." He added, "After hearing Dr. Rice, we're not
going to step on the land mines she was talking about."
Mr. Isaacson did not specify what information Ms. Rice had provided that led to
the executives' decision.
"Her biggest point was that here was a charismatic speaker who could arouse
anti-American sentiment getting 20 minutes of air time to spew hatred and urge
his followers to kill Americans," said Neal Shapiro, the president of NBC News.
The notion that Mr. bin Laden was sending messages to followers through the
tapes seemed less than credible to several of the executives.
"What sense would it make to keep the tapes off the air if the message could be
found transcripted in newspapers or on the Web?" said one network executive, who
spoke on condition of anonymity. "The videos could also appear on the Internet.
They'd get the message anyway."
The unusual interaction between the White House and television executives was
set up late Tuesday evening when Ms. Rice called each executive. They gathered
in their offices at 9 a.m. for the conference call.
She spoke with them for about 20 minutes, explaining her reservations about
allowing Mr. bin Laden such access to American television. A White House
official familiar with the phone call said Ms Rice had two concerns: that the
messages would reach any remaining terrorist cells in the United States and
would also inflame Muslim populations in such places as Malaysia and the
Philippines, who would see the tapes through international channels of CNN and
Ms. Rice answered questions. Then she hung up. But the executives had agreed
before the call to stay on the line and talk among themselves.
The networks were not the first news organizations to acquiesce to an
administration requests to edit or withhold information.
Leonard Downie Jr., the executive editor of The Washington Post, said yesterday,
that "a handful of times" in the past month, the newspaper's reporting had
prompted calls from administration officials who "raised concerns that a
specific story or more often that certain facts in a certain story, would
compromise national security."
He added, "In some instances we have kept out of stories certain facts that we
agreed could be detrimental to national security and not instrumental to our
readers, such as methods of intelligence collection."
Clark Hoyt, the Washington editor of Knight Ridder, said that his organization
had decided to hold back a report about "some small units of U.S. special
operations forces had entered Afghanistan and were trying to locate bin Laden"
within two weeks of the attacks on the Pentagon and the World Trade Center.
Howell Raines, the executive editor of The New York Times, said that since Sept.
11, Times executives have not had any conversations with government officials
about the handling of sensitive information. Mr. Raines said, "Our longstanding
practice has been that if a high government official wants to talk to us about
security issues, we're available for that conversation. We also would feel free
to seek guidance if there was information in our judgment that might be
The networks' decision has not raised serious protests among television
journalists. Ted Koppel, the ABC "Nightline" anchor, said, "If we want to run
some of the videotape, our understanding is we're still free to do it." But, he
said, the videotapes by and large have not been compelling enough for long
The CBS anchor, Dan Rather said: "By nature and experience, I'm always wary when
the government seeks in any way to have a hand in editorial decisions. But this
is an extraordinary time. In the context of this time, the conversation as I
understand it seems reasonable on both sides."

@_date: 2001-10-12 16:00:44
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Anthrax #4 reported in NYC, NBC employee 
CNN has reporting that one person at NBC HQ in NYC has been tested
positive for anthrax. Reports say she received a suspicious letter that
tested negative, but she soon tested positive.

@_date: 2001-10-19 03:57:47
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: FBI anthrax posters. 
I'm not aware of an FBI-issued poster, but the USPS is distributing one widely
that fits this description.
Download copies in pdf
Or jpg:

@_date: 2001-10-21 00:17:27
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: Assault Donuts 
Don't laugh, there was an actual news item along these lines on Thursday. After
truth, powdered donuts are always the second casualty of war.
Then again, switching to crullers could be giving in to exactly what the
terrorists *want* us to do.
Thursday October 18 11:56 PM EDT
Powdered Doughnuts Make Customers Nervous
The anthrax scares has caused people to call 911 over bird droppings, talcum
powder and laundry detergent; and now even their morning doughnut is making
some people nervous.
Specifically doughnuts with powdered sugar are being affected at a DeBary
doughnut shop.
People can find glazed, chocolate, cinnamon crumb, and jelly-filled doughnuts 
but not a single one with powdered sugar.
"Because people are afraid of them. They're afraid of the powder on the
doughnut," employee Marie Cavalho said.
The manager of the Go For Donuts shop banned powdered pastries after a steady
customer picked up five-dozen on Monday, took them to a meeting and then called
to change the order.
"We said why? He said they won't eat them, they're afraid of them," Rosemary
Dorazio said. "They're afraid the powder might contain anthrax."
But the women who work the counter said that powdered sugar is simply powdered
sugar and the baker is the only one who touches the doughnuts before they are
set out for sale.
Still, the manager wanted customers to feel comfortable.
"If it makes them happy and at-ease why not give them what they want?" employee
Marie Carvalho asked.
The manager said that powdered doughnuts will stay off the shelf until
customers ask for them.

@_date: 2001-10-23 02:44:48
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: RE: Disney's SSSCA psy-ops: "EZ Jackster" 
Right. But in next week's episode, they rename it "Anthraxster."

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:31:02
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Disney's SSSCA psy-ops: "EZ Jackster" 
Forwarding a post from the pho digital music list (end of this message). A
Newsforge item that also appeared about this today reads:
"--Disney Channel cartoon portrays music downloads as evil
The Disney Channel cartoon series The Proud Family
aired an episode on Oct. 5 entitled EZ Jackster. In the storyline, EZ
Jackster is a Napster-like site, and the show's little heroines
get addicted to the service and play a part in the downfall of the music
industry. Disney is one of the backers of the SSSCA proposed legislation
that is scheduled for a hearing before Congress Oct. 25.
The TV summary site, TV Tome, shows this synopsis of the episode in question:
"After Penny spends $125 on CDs with her five-cent salary, she meets a boy,
Mega, who tells her about a napster-like website he made called EZ Jackster. All
weekend she was sitting at the computer, downloading music from EZ Jackster.
Finally, Dijonay comes over and asks what she was doing over the weekend. Penny
asks Dijonay if she can keep a secret, knowing that she can't. Penny tells
Dijonay to tell everyone she knows about EZ Jackster. Her telling everybody
about EZ Jackster has a ripple-effect all around the world. From India to Africa
to Suga Mama! But rap singer, Sir Paid-A-Lot is threatened by this because he
got a five-cents salary instead of his million-dollar salary. But suddenly,
after wrestling, the news interrupted the next program telling about EZ
Jackster. It shows a house of where the EZ Jackster-spreader lives. Oscar
comments how ugly the house is, not realizing it was their house. Trudy is mad
at Penny for stealing music so she takes away her computer. Later, Penny gets a
call from Mega, asking if she is still using EZ Jackster. Will Penny listen to
her parents?"--"
[BEGIN PHO POST]
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2001 12:06 AM
Well Pho Pholks
Lara Lavi here from Very Juicy Records
I relay this without passing judgement just sharing with you what I just saw
this evening.
I turn on the TV with my little 2.5 year old to watch some Disney show about
an African American teen girl (The Proud Family - animated show) and here is
the story line ( I think I missed the first couple scenes but here is the
general jist.
1.    Girl working at her antiquated computer her dad gave her in her room.
2.    Mystery guy (cool hip hop looking dude in black) shows up at her
window and supplies her with an up to date computer, takes her into "the
Matrix and shows her a web area called Free Jackster where she can get all
the music she could ever want FOR FREE,
3.    The girl asks if this is illegal and mystery guy explains it is our
birthright to have free music, creativity should not have a price
4.   Girl gets addicted to collecting free music, her obsession leads to
telling all her friends.  soon the site is getting millions of hits from
kids to grandmothers.
5.  Next scene at the The Wizard Record Label board room where "Sir Paid
Alot" enters to complain his royalty check was only five cents. This alerts
The Wizard (head of the label) that  there is a retail problem he needs to
look into.
6.    Teen Girl's house is surrounded that night by police and press and she
is arrested for illegal downloads, gets a warning,.  The news makes it clear
that millions of people can;'t be stopped, Parents take computer away from
girl and explain why free downloads is STEALING. - kind of an abirdged
explanation of how copyrights work.
6.   Next scene, Asian Guy's retail record store is empty, guy is crying on
the floor.  Teen Girl who happens to work at the store show  up to work,
aisian guy fires her for supporting all the free downloads
7.  Next scene charts showing record sales are down down down to nothing
because people get the music for free
8.  Mystery guy shows up at teen girls' window again to try and convince her
to go back to downloading but she says NO
7.     Guy:  "You still downloading?", Teen Girl:  DOwnloading is stealin"
Mr. Guy from Free Jackster: " I know you are afraid I am trying to show you
a world without rules"  Teen girl says no its wrong GOODBYE
THE END
[END PHO POST]

@_date: 2001-11-08 14:57:58
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: AP: New scrutiny of sale of dead people's SS#'s 
New scrutiny of sale of the dead's Social Security data
November 7, 2001 Posted: 8:39 PM EST (0139 GMT)
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The federal government's practice of selling personal
information about dead people -- including their Social Security numbers -- to
anyone is getting a closer look after investigators determined that all 19
terrorist hijackers obtained numbers.
The Social Security Administration has been required to compile its Death Master
File since a 1980 court settlement that in essence said dead people do not have
privacy rights. Identifying information, including Social Security numbers, must
be made public under the Freedom of Information Act.
The Death Master File contains 66 million to 70 million records with verified
and unverified death reports, and includes Social Security numbers, full names,
date of death, date of birth, state, county and ZIP code of the last known
"As it is now, anybody in the world can go and buy that information," said
spokesman Tom Tobin.
The issue will be discussed at a hearing Thursday of the House Ways and Means
Social Security subcommittee.
All 19 terrorist hijackers involved in the September 11 terrorist attacks had
Social Security numbers, and 13 obtained them legally, the Social Security
Administration has said. It is unclear how the other six obtained their numbers.
"People are making the speculation that did the terrorist get the numbers from
the Death Master File? My personal guess is that, no they didn't," Tobin said.
"There are a whole bunch of other ways to come up with fake identities. There
are things that you could do with that file, and that might be one of them."
Social Security obtains the information about deceased beneficiaries from family
members, funeral homes, states, other federal agencies and financial
institutions, and matches it to payment records to terminate benefits.
That information is shared with other agencies to match their own records. It
also is provided monthly to the Commerce Department's National Technical
Information Service, which sells it to the public on a disk or file at a cost
that reimburses Social Security for providing the information.
More than 100 public and private institutions and companies such as banks,
financial institutions, insurance companies, subscribe to the information,
according to SSA information provided by Democratic congressional staffers.
Subscribers include Web sites, such as Genealogy.com, Edata.com and
Ancestry.com, and other businesses including Bank One, National City Bank,
Cigna, EDS, Caterpillar Inc. and Lockheed Martin.
A monthly subscription is $2,760 in North America, and a monthly international
subscription is $5,520, according to the Commerce Department's Web site.
Quarterly subscriptions are available for $6,900 in North America and $13,800
SSA sends the Death Master File to the Commerce Department via Federal Express
but is considering transmitting the information electronically, SSA officials
have said.
Copyright 2001 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not
be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

@_date: 2002-01-17 00:26:06
@_author: "Xeni Jardin" 
@_subject: Russia: New Electronic Digital Signature law signed by Putin 
Forwarding this from a friend in Russia (Michael Novikov, founder of
Russia-based consultancy  The original source is a legal
alert published by the US-based law firm Baker and Mackenzie. --XJ
===8<==============Original message text===============
Electronic Digital Signature Law now in Russia
On 10 January 2002, the Russian President Vladimir Putin signed the
Federal Law No. 1-FZ "On Electronic Digital Signature"
On 14 January the Law was officially published and, as a result, it went
into effect. Unfortunately, it seems that this new
law will not create enough confidence to drastically increase the use of
electronic documents in Russia.  In fact, the impact of the Law on IT
business and commerce in Russia would be far more significant if a draft
Law on Electronic Trade was also adopted, since this draft law contains
important provisions with respect to the use of electronic documents
(including use as evidence in court), as well as, other provisions
relating to transactions concluded over the Internet.  Additionally,
several practical limitations, which we have described below, will most
likely serve as barriers to the value of the Law.
The underlying concept of the Law establishes encryption as the only
method whereby a valid (from the standpoint of Russian law) electronic
digital signature may be created.  The Law is drafted to intentionally
omit other analogues of personal signatures and exclude the use of other
technologies for electronic digital signature creation.  Further, the Law
limits the scope of use of electronic digital signatures to civil law
transactions and transactions where electronic digital signatures are
specifically permitted under other Russian legislation; as of today, such
specific references only exist in the Russian Civil Code.
Accordingly, an electronic digital signature can be used for any civil law
contract (with a few exceptions specified below),
but cannot be used for signing of any electronic documents submitted to
the government authorities.  Equally, it cannot be
used for signing of any civil law documentation that will subsequently
need state registration (or notarisation).
Basic Provisions of the Law
The Law defines an electronic digital signature as:
(1) A part of an electronic document that is designated to protect the
document from falsification;
(2) A product of encryption using a secret key; and
(3) The part of the document that allows for the authentication of the
rightful holder of the secret key, as well as, a point
of reference that can assist in detecting any distorted information
contained in a document.
A person may have a number of electronic signatures.
An electronic signature is deemed equivalent to a handwritten signature if
the following three conditions are complied with:
(1) The certificate of the open key of the signature is valid at the time
of the authentication or at the time of the signing
of the document;
(2) The signature owner's name and the secret key match and there is no
evidence that the document has been distorted; and
(3) The document signed with the electronic signature falls within the
scope of the transaction(s) and the restrictions
indicated in the certificate.
When the abovementioned conditions are met, the electronic document will
be deemed-by operation of law-to be legally signed by the individual.
Thus, the transaction will have binding legal force.
Certificates of Electronic Digital Signature and Certification Centres
Certification of electronic digital signature should be issued in hard
copy.  Foreign certificates will be recognized in Russia, provided that
they are on paper and duly certified (notarised and legalized or
Activity of the centres that are authorized to authenticate digital
signatures and issue the certificates for open keys
(the "Centres") will be subject to regulation by "an authorized federal
executive body" which is to be selected (and dismissed)  by the
Government.  It should be noted that the Law does not name the particular
government body that will carry out this function.  Further, the Law tends
to be conservative with respect to the rights of the Centre to the
detriment of the holders of certificates and the recipients of digitally
signed documents.
Use of Electronic Digital Signature
In conclusion, taken the abovementioned points into account, the contents
of a document signed on paper and stamped with
a company seal may be considered legally equivalent to an electronic
document if the content is converted into an electronic
form and the e-document is electronically signed by an "authorized"
company officer.  However, under the Law, electronic digital signatures
used in public domain (any information system open for use to anyone) must
be created exclusively by means of software and hardware certified in
Russia.  Since certification in Russia can be a lengthy process that may
require, among other things, that the software is de-compiled, many
companies will not be able to reap the benefits of electronic digital
Source: Baker & McKenzie Legal Alert, 14 January 2002
Baker & McKenzie, ===8<===========End of original message text===========
