
@_date: 2016-09-27 16:46:59
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: True Story, allegorically told 
A serious young man found the conflicts of the mid 20th Century confusing.
He went to many people seeking a way of resolving within himself the
discords that troubled him, but he remained troubled.
One night in a coffee house, a self-ordained Zen Master said to him, "go
to the dilapidated mansion you will find at this address which I have
written down for you. Do not speak to those who live there; you must
remain silent until the moon rises tomorrow night. Go to the large room on
the right of the main hallway, sit in the lotus position on top of the
rubble in the northeast corner, face the corner, and meditate."
He did just as the Zen Master instructed. His meditation was frequently
interrupted by worries. He worried whether or not the rest of the plumbing
fixtures would fall from the second floor bathroom to join the pipes and
other trash he was sitting on. He worried how would he know when the moon
rose on the next night. He worried about what the people who walked
through the room said about him.
His worrying and meditation were disturbed when, as if in a test of his
faith, ordure fell from the second floor onto him. At that time two people
walked into the room. The first asked the second who the man was sitting
there was. The second replied "Some say he is a holy man. Others say he is
a shithead."
Hearing this, the man was enlightened.

@_date: 2016-09-26 03:25:40
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
No, what I said is that experiencing it is important. The experience of
love is more about giving, than receiving. But, yes, it can feel wonderful
to give to someone, and in that sense you get something out of it.
And to be clear, I wasn't advocating moving on for the sake of moving on,
either. What I was actually think of, when I wrote it.. the vision that
came through my mind.. was of a set of 3 days, earlier this year..
I met an incredibly charming, lovely woman. She was beautiful. Cropped,
jet black hair, and green eyes that gleamed like jewels. She wore bright
red lipstick, and nailpolish. She had a skillfully drawn tattoo, very
detailed and well shaded, of an octopus. It's head was positioned on the
left of her back, with its tenticles wrapped around her; going every which
way. One, up and over her left shoulder, across her chest, and curling
around her right breast. Another, arching down, and spiraling her left
leg. Gorgeous.
She was clever; her jokes were unique, insightful, and off beat. Talented.
A painter and potter, who makes her living traveling for her company
teaching artists techniques to make the most of their glazes and paints.
The works. The total package. We hit it off immediately. Within the span
of moments, we were the only two people in the room. I didn't even notice
when some friends arrived and had been standing next to me for about 10
minutes; one had to lean in, and introduce himself before I even knew he
was there. He had been saying my name, talking about me, right next to
me.. the whole time trying to see what I'd notice him. But I didn't. She
had my full attention.
Over the course of a few days and nights, while she was in town, we spent
nearly every free moment together. Making love, sharing experiences from
our lives, our dreams an inspirations, being goofy and making food
together - and, quite truly, falling in love.
But, we both travel for our jobs. We knew this within the first ten
minutes or so of our initial conversation. We knew, up front, that there
was only a limited window of time.
So we made the most of it, and continued in our lives, separately. The
first day after she left town, I felt an ache. A knot in my stomach
knowing that something special could be had, and a regret that neither of
us were in a position to make it happen. But, as quickly as that joy and
ache came into my life, they were gone. I had only known her three days,
and that was our window. I accepted it as the 'blessing' it was, and moved
Were I a negative person, I could have cursed the fates for taking us in
opposite directions. I could lamented my situation, and bemoaned that the
people I truly, deeply connect with, can't be around for me, nor I for
them because of "damned job." I could have blamed a wonderful job that
lets me travel, and just been miserable cunt had I chose to.
But I don't do that.
We still converse, we have each other's numbers and stay in contact; and
I'm hopeful that, given the winds of fate putting us on the same area of a
continent together, we may will meet yet again in similar circumstances.
Sounds to me like you're the psycho, if you automatically interpret
"experience of love" as "what you get out of it."
Anyone who has ACTUALLY felt it, wouldn't, I'd dare say.

@_date: 2016-09-25 11:13:27
@_author: cryptographically deniable 
@_subject: Re: Julian Assange on Rubber-hose proof (cryptographically deniable) file-systems (1997) 
I remember this. He had a good write up of the game theory involved in
playing the interrogation when deniable crypto is involved too. I'm gonna
have to try to find that and re-read it. There may be some interesting
spin involved if secret sharing is involved too.

@_date: 2016-09-24 08:03:35
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: JY vs Sea Sea vs Actual Discussion 
Why thank you.
Yeah, I was always partial to having something personally embarrassing as
a first level involving weird porn, and then a richly eloquent "fuck you"
letter to whoever is reading it chastising, basically saying "if you made
it this far, you must be a sick pervert looking for more porn", as a
second level.
That might be fun for certain circumstances.
But for covert agents, criminals, terrorists, shit like that.. if you're
being interrogated, they probably have good evidence to hold you beyond
wanting to look at your plaintext. That's the case where one needs the
strategy angle.
Not that I personally need to concern myself with such things.. but I find
mathematics and game theory fascinating, so.. it passes the time and keeps
me from drinking or watching TV. That's a plus.

@_date: 2016-09-23 06:36:45
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
This, I'm not so sure of, at least not as presented. I mean, I largely
agree in a way. But that is just from my perspective. I certainly would be
miserable as a farmer in 730 a.d. Hell, I'd be miserable as a farmer
But happiness is an odd thing. Consistently, people in impoverished third
world conditions rate themselves happier overall than first worlders.
You're looking at happiness as if it only has to do with our present
circumstances, as if happiness directly correlates to things we have, and
don't have. I have food, I have a warm house. No saber toothed tigers, or
vikings to deal with. Good times.
Doesn't quite work that way. Humans tend to gauge happiness relative to
their pain. You'll rate good times better, if you've known lower lows.
Conversely, if you've had an easy pleasant life, dumb shit stresses you
out. "First world problems." The first time you get through a breakup in a
relationship, its the end of the world, because you've never experienced
that kind of low before. By the time you go through it a few times, you
know you'll shrug it off in a few weeks or months.
Now, quantitatively, I can't argue with you. We killed off polio, for
instance. That is quantitatively better, I'd have to say.
But I would not hesitate to believe that, at least certain peasants in 730
A.D. had an altogether better life, in terms having a smile on his face
regularly.. of generally being free to live it without dealing with the
sorts of nonsense, harassment, and drudgery that modern people are
subjected to through our over-crowded environments, work, laws, police and
so on. Sure, there was a lot of insane shit peasants had to deal with,
especially if they were close to towns, but it wasn't terribly hard to
stay away from other people, grow your food, pray as little as you liked,
catch up on Sunday if you damned well felt like it, and so on. Go to town
every other month for supplies and to trade, and that's about the only
time you'd see anyone at all outside immediate family.
For us, accustomed to our conveniences and style of living, it would be
torture to go back then and live. But I'm not so sure they would be
enamored with our lives, either. I can conceive a peasant used to having
peace and quiet go nearly insane when subjected to common noise pollution
of a city, for example. Or someone used to timing their life by the
uncertainties of the weather, and getting a few days off when it was too
muddy to plow, being very uninterested in a 9 to 5 "job" in an office.
Besides. "Best" implies a metric of "better." And what is, or is not
"better" than something else is highly subjective in many cases.
Universality of opinion is possible on some things, but it is rather rare.
Hell, there are the occasional women with rape fantasies, even. There are
people who truly enjoy physical pain.
Certain nutters throw themselves at the earth trusting not much more than
some cords and silk.
I agree our present day is a great time to be alive, but not because of
the standard of living and industrial toys, per se.

@_date: 2016-09-21 23:11:40
@_author: NLP 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF] 
Sent this to Juan offlist, but meant to copy the list on it too.
It's all about misdirection, and subtle cues. I haven't seen Derren's
explanation of this particular example, but from what I know of the
subject, here is my take:
The chat about the subway is misdirection. He makes it a point to start
moving his hands, point this way and that about "directions" .. that gets
the cashier looking away from what they're doing and subtly distracted,
looking at him, and away from what they are supposed to be doing.
Then he mentions being uneasy about the subway. This is an important part.
Because it will tend to make the listener remember a time they were uneasy
or had a bad experience on the subway. This memory, and any associated
emotional impact, puts them entirely "within their head" for just a
Then comes pay off. "Go ahead, just take it. It's fine." while handing him
the paper.. overtly referring to his friend, telling him to take the
subway, but covertly a command to accept the "money."
The jewelry store guy DID realize it, shortly after, as well as did the
guys with the wallets. That is to be expected. The suggestible state
doesn't last indefinitely.
If you look into his work, he has admitted that he has more failures than
successes depending on the complexity of the trick, and that his show is
about entertainment, primarily, and so only the successes are shown.
It's conceivable he stages some things, too. Like any magician.
But if you believe a talented magician never manages to fool people
successfully, you're naive. Yes, they'll stage stuff too, but that is
hardly the point.
The skills of illusion, and "mentalism" are quite real.. and if you watch
more of his stuff, especially the longer videos or full episodes where he
breaks down the hows and whys of it working, perhaps you'll be less likely
to say its fake. It's easy to dismiss a magic trick as "camera edits" when
you just have a 3 minute video. It's a bit harder when the magician
explains the whole thing to you.
In the videos I linked to, he uses a lot of body language mirroring.
Whatever movements the subject makes, he mirrors with his own body
language. Then, when he feels like he has the person, he'll move away as a
test and do other movements to see if they have begun mirroring him, in
Then he handed them the water bottle, while asking for something in
return. They continue to mirror, they have received, so they'll give. This
is doubly effective, since there is a subconscious desire for reciprocity.
And then yes, they realize it. Their rational mind kicks back in, and
they'll realize it. But the fact that the rational mind can be so easily
subverted, should give one pause.
He uses a lot of techniques, but "neuro-linguistic programming" (NLP) is
the bread-and-butter.
I have some familiarity with the techniques.. book learning, basically.
I've never employed them, at least not consciously, but I can say that I
see a lot of this stuff in advertisements and politicians speeches.
Seems to me there is something to it, whether Derren is 100% above board,
or not.

@_date: 2016-09-19 22:41:33
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: SHA-3 and GOST-R/Stribok 
Thank you for the correction. Reckon thats going to make searching for
info a might easier.
For some reason I have it with a 'k' in my notes.
Anyhow, thats again.

@_date: 2016-09-18 05:50:00
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Global warming/climate change 
Actually, as I understand it, Yahweh is a volcano deity. Hence the quaking
mountains and fire from the sky, and general pissed-off attitude.
But yeah, an asshole nonetheless.

@_date: 2016-09-25 23:25:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
No, not a tragedy, just life. I find the best way to deal with a painful
breakup is to remember that if not for the lows, the highs would not be as
sweet; and that, with the right type of eyes, one can fall madly in love
for span of hours, and then move along, alone again. How long one is in
love for is not important, what is important is to experience it.
There you go with that bowing again. Have you tried a chiropractor?
For me, I would say its obvious that I have no superior intellect. While I
do endeavor to hold complementary ideas in mind, I often find it
difficult. Just when I think I have it, I'm prone to hives.
Not to mention, here I am, trying to understand the ways people think in a
variety of ways and perspectives, ranging from the coldly rational, to the
exotically playful, and yet I find myself time and again, in all manner of
confusion when seeing peoples responses to the simplest of things.
I never attacked your views. I never offered the slightest argument
against classical libertarianism, nor even objectivism. Other than
clarifying your stance, I did not address them at all, that I can recall.
My main focus was to simply state some ideas that I have, and why they
lead me to conclude that anarchism is a worthwhile endeavor.
But because I would not bow to you, nor your objections, this causes you,
to bow to me?
The world truly is ripe with irrationality.

@_date: 2016-09-25 10:46:57
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
No argument from me. Just to be clear, that was my way of summarizing
juan's position. He has been the one advocating rationality as the key to
focus on.
I believe you may be referring to 'affirming the consequent'.
If X, then Y. Y, therefore X.
But if you really want to get deep like that, juan's entire line of
thinking falls to the "argument of fallacy" which is the idea that because
an ARGUMENT for something is fallacious, then the conclusion must be
Remember, I'm not asserting any of this, in fact.
You seem to be confused, and should re-read. I'm summarizing my take on
juan's position, and offering my counter.

@_date: 2016-09-25 10:32:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Does this mean we're breaking up?
I thought so too. I notice that you clipped the part about 7+10=5.
There might be hope for you after all, assuming you understood it.
So we are breaking up?!
Of course! It's a high point of meditative experience, in fact, to focus
on nothingness for extended periods of time.
Rumor has it only the deeply enlightened can manage it.
Why thank you, but this is too much praise. I do try, however. At any
rate, thank you. I'm certain a little hobgoblin like you has never read
'Self-Reliance' by Emerson, so you won't understand why its a compliment.
But that is ok. That makes it genuine, and so is even better.
But Emerson was by no means alone.
"The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function."
F. Scott Fitzgerald
Stop, you're going to make me blush.
This is a bunch of stuff that happened as I tapped on weird little chiclet
keys. Then, by some process of transmorgrification, an electric heart beat
pounded out into the airwaves, and was sucked into a byzantine complex of
copper conduit. It was compressed, quickened, and reflected off this
surface and that, getting lassoed by loops of magnetic hystersis on
whirling platters and setting off sparks in glowing crystals. Whereupon it
set off a chain reaction; spilling rays of light on the eye of another,
wandering through a labyrinth of nerves and neurons, colliding with
concepts and finally as it came to rest, adding just the right amount of
energy inside the brain of an oddly shaped, glorified chimpanzee, to cause
similarly shaped chiclet keys to be tapped in response.
While I have been told I'm magical, I'm no where near as magical as all that.
But again, thanks for the praise.

@_date: 2016-09-25 03:24:06
@_author: normal for her 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
I don't really care if you do, or don't. I have no vested interest in
changing your mind. I'm simply stating my views, and responding to your
questions, and assertions, about them.
I don't wear hats.
I don't give a shit if she wears shoes or not, or wants to bolt when the
lawnmower comes around. I don't care if she throws 'tantrums' or gets
loud, or whatever. I took her to a museum once, and on the train ride home
she was talking a bit loud (normal for her). It wasn't particularly that
late at night, around maybe 8pm, on an otherwise noisy, rumbling train --
so speaking a bit loud was to be expected of anyone, anyhow. Some cunt
tried to "shush" her while she was talking. She got embarrassed, and
immediately started talking in a lower tone. My response was to motion to
her to hold on, and then loudly said "We're on a rumbling loud train,
lady, and the quiet car is two up. If you interrupt again, you'll have me
in your face."
I'm not taking any "exact opposite side" .. you seem to really be unable
to separate, as I'm mentioned before, idealistic principles from pragmatic
IDEALLY, I would like it if people treated her differently. I would like
very much if her parents and others saw her the way I do. An individual,
with tastes, needs, and challenges that are unique to her. Like everyone.
But that isn't REALITY. It doesn't fucking matter what people in the IDEAL
world would do, we don't live there.
So, PRAGMATICALLY speaking, I offer her advice on how to cope with, deal
with, and adapt to society around her, always emphasizing that to do so
should always be in her best interests, for things she wants or feels is
important, and not because of the expectations or desires of others.
Ideally, you don't want to pay taxes, but you do. It's no different.
You'll give me some line of bullshit about coercion, but in point of fact
you COULD simply steal goods, and not pay sales tax, and not pay other
taxes. You don't want the ramifications. So you deal, and cope.
No different.
Go look it up, dude.
Read. "IN THIS CASE ITS THE FAMILY WHICH IS ___SOME_SORT_OF_MODEL__ .."
You started out by saying that kids are forced into comformity by THE
TOTALITARIAN STATE. I said no, kids are forced into conformity by peer
pressure from other kids. To which you are said that ok, its the parents
that fail to suppress peer pressure and bullying, and that is somehow a
model for the state.
I'm not gonna bother with it.. because the point is simply, first.. you're
back-peddling here, and that's fine. And second, my point has been
The STATE. The functioning body of government does not, through law and
state officials, have much to do with the behavior patterns encouraged
upon children. As you said, that is ultimately the family, who fail to
raise proper kids, and those kids might be bullies or engage in peer
Fine, good.
Nope. The point was that using your reasoning you can apply it to things
that government has no direct bearing on. That regardless of whether or
not it is legalized, and state-regulated, or unregulated and black market,
in either case -- greed comes to bear.
The state doesn't make people greedy. Greedy people don't necessarily,
even, make up the state.
The state IS. Greed IS. There is overlap.
Hey, state officials breathe too, I hear.
Freely reproducible in the sense that customers are free to reproduce. I
buy my ounce of weed, smoke the bud, toss the stems, and plant the seeds.
My dealer isn't going to come after me. Or I can buy coke, cut it, and
redistribute. It's fine. Or I can cook it, and sell rock. All good. No one
There is no licensing involved, dealers (at least at smaller levels) don't
really care who is getting into the market as well, and so on.
Obviously there is a material cost. But even that cost is, essentially
free in its own right in that the profit margins will pay for it and,
aside from any associated risk, its free money.
You really should stop putting words in my mouth. I never said I loved
medical doctors, nor psychiatrists.
If you're going to quote me, don't cut me off in mid-sentence like a cunt
to pretend you have a point or a real objection.
That sentence was finished with examples that are NOT criminal
organizations. And greed can still infect them.
That was the point. You're linking the state to greed, but greed can be
linked to anything.
It's fucking stupid. Like I said, government officials breathe too.
Whatever the fuck that means. You still haven't given any real answer to
why, if people are rational, so much irrationality exists. Your first
answer was that a minority imposes their views on the majority. But THAT
IS an example of an irrational situation. So that can't be the CAUSE of
Now you're saying that this minority, is specialized and motivated.. and
the majority doesn't fight them rationally because.. ???
I don't want to put the rational in charge. It is, however, a rational
view when "rational" is the metric for "good."
You haven't actually advanced a position. You're just thrown stones at mine.
So no, I don't understand your position.
And how, or whom, decides who 'wins' these arguments?
Sure they can. As we covered before, if someone is attacking you, you have
the right to attack back. You have seemed to support the idea of
insurrection, so it seems that you'd be OK with attacks on government
facilities. They were be some secretaries that get fucked up in that, for
sure. I don't agree, but I'd imagine an insurrectionist would chock that
up to defending themselves against complicit, if not directly violent,
As far as property is concerned, property is less important than people.
So, there may be a situation where, I need to damage your property or use
your property in order to help someone. Maybe your property is adjacent to
some forest land, a friend gets hurt in the forest, and so I hike to your
property, break open a fence, and get to your little supply shack to get
first aid, or to get close enough to the road to get cell signal and make
a phone call.
So.. 'can't be justified'? No. Usually not justified? Sure.
I could point out that you're over-generalizing. But since you're so asute
and keen on that, considering how you've accused me of it, I imagine you
already know that.
Or maybe your pedantic nature is rubbing off on me, because it does seem
like I could follow your line of thought, if I chose, and not bring up a
pointless objection for the sake of objecting.
Some children, yes. Some, no.
You're over-generalizing again.
So you're deaf and dumb? I'd be bitter too if I were you.
I wouldn't if I were you either. You're negative, argumentative, and
purposefully obtuse. You object, for the purpose of objecting, and you
So obviously there are few humans who would BE nice to YOU to begin with!
I feel sorry for you.
No wonder why people don't like you.
Yes, it is. It's feeling compassion for a person who is the victim of
circumstances beyond their control.
I'm not talking about division of labor.
Oh, I disagree. You're at a computer, so you're sitting. And you most
certainly are a baby.
It can help. Also helps you network with others, find like-minded people
and so on.
Nope. Being a condescending jerk, who is perfectly willing to be impolite
for no particular reason, who fails to consider even basic social norms
and courtesies and in fact rallies against them, makes you PRECISELY the
sort of person that people won't want to deal with, and the kind of person
they'll treat like shit to convince you to go away.
Then you learn "well, fuck people. I'll  be a loner!!"
I imagine so. Leary was pretty anti-state. The whole tune-in, and drop-out
Not more than substance, no. But I understand that without proper form,
and politeness, people just won't listen, no matter how rational your
ideas. And so, they are equally important. Substance, for the raw ideas,
and presentation in order get the listener  to properly receive those
In fact, piss-poor tone of voice, and body language and make the same guy,
saying the same thing, to the same woman either strike out with impressing
her, or get her interested.
No different that cars. What's under the hood is important, but so is the
look of the car. At the bare minimum, the presentation has to be enough to
not scare them away.
Likewise for communication. Basic social graces, and politeness. If you're
at a graduation you don't flame people with anti-school rhetoric to hear
yourself talk. Or if you do, you have to expect them to not take you, or
your ideas, seriously.
Sounds to me like you've never undertaken a significant challenge in your
life. I can tell by this very question. How?
Because with significant challenges, one doesn't always know how X, Y or Z
down the road is going to get accomplished. But there is an understanding
that by starting with A, and working through W .. you'll learn, gain
strategies, develop tools and techniques.. win allies, and so on to get it
I'll admit I'm wrong when you prove it.
And you still aren't giving a solution.
Well, no not all. But you insist that 7+10=17 when it fucking obviously,
in the real world, is 5. It's not my problem that you're incapable of
understanding the type of truth that can only be expressed in circular
thought. I am trying to explain, the best I can through text, but it seems
it would take all the time in the world.
Not the way you're approaching it. All you're doing is misrepresenting
what I say, magnifying the import of minutia, and so on.
If your thinking was true on this, then Edison would have never invented
the light bulb.
Fortunately, your simplistic, supposedly logical thinking is fairly rare
amongst gifted, intelligent people, and certainly not to be found among
the motivated.
You're just an armchair theorist, who doesn't even have theories to share.
Vacuous would be a good word.
"The wise man is the sort of man that can live on two levels at once." -
Alan Watts.
Yeah, I was just taking a moment to play your game of picking a theme,
like "theocratic despotism being the worst sort" and pointing out the
obvious counter examples that have nothing to do with what you're actually
I thought you'd be content with me playing along.
I doubt that.
No, I'm able to separate what IS, from what I believe OUGHT to be. I
understand that they are very different, and, realistically speaking --
historically speaking -- expecting change is frankly, well.. unrealistic.
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress
depends on the unreasonable man."
- G.B. Shaw
I keep this separation strictly in place in my mind, because everyone's
ideas, and opinions ABOUT reality, are just that: ideas and opinions. They
have nothing to do with reality itself.  The mathematical notation,
conceptions, and so on that describe gravity are in no way involved with
the event of a rock falling to the ground. Reality just is.
So, I keep this in mind. There is the world, as it is in this moment, and
it could not be any other way. To the extent that I seem to be able to
make choices, I try to choose things that make the little area of NOW as
best as I can for those that I can.
I haven't shot myself in the foot. You've been littering stupid ass
questions like that, that have nothing to do with the point made, through
the whole thread. What else should I call it?
As far as you've expressed, and therefore as far as I can tell, you're
nothing. So I agree.
No, I'm just allowing myself to have fun with the discussion. You've made
snide little remarks here and there, or misrepresented me, and so on to
express bits of humor. I don't get bent out of shape about it, but I will
allow myself to engage in some of it myself to make things fun.
I may not be teaching you how to fish, but I can assure you that the
cognitively disabled I help with, learn a great deal.
And learning doesn't require rationality. It's absurd. Learning requires
persistence, practice.. talent perhaps.
There is no amount of "rationality" needed in learning how to sing well,
fuck well, or any number of things that are worth while doing.
This is more you just making shit up as you go, point by point, through
emails that you respond to as you read them.
Yup. Why wouldn't I?
Just because I can understand the logic of something, doesn't mean I agree.
Logic is simply proper reasoning from accepted axioms.
I may believe that a set of axioms are not applicable to a situation, or
that some other set are more applicable, or practical, or tasteful, or
fun, or any number of criteria, and so I choose another set, and reason
from them.
I can understand another's axioms, and know that they have reasoned
correctly from them, and still come to an entirely different conclusion
based on my set of axioms.
As we've seen in this very thread, you and I disagree fundamentally, point
by point on some things, and nevertheless come to the same conclusion that
it would be better to have no state, and no ruling class.
In this very way, logic constrained, and often times irrelevant.
'We' as in me and the people I personally know? No.
But it's going bankrupt already, and WE as in a metric shit-ton of people?
Differing opinions, and interests. I vote against taking state money on
the basis that its blood money, and we need to be self-sufficient in the
long term anyhow.
Others vote on the lines of -- we prevent that money being spent on
military, police, or lining corrupt pockets, and we tangibly help people,
and yes.. help to bleed the state.
It seems as if you insist to agree 100% with people before you'll work
with them. I can understand that, but I operate differently, according to
different criteria.
Like I said. Physics and biology. New things get bootstrapped out of the
old all the time. You can LOL at bootstrapping new ways of organizing by
using state resources, if you like.. but there is nothing logically that
prevents it.
Or, if there is, its just flawed logic that I can't reason through ..
because, as my illustration shows.. you were bootstrapped from your
parents.. that little "model of the state" you were going on about.
It's actually not rational at all.
That's not exactly how the conversation went.
You started with your ideas about the state coming down on you, if you
really try to provide alternatives, and you asked about drugs and what the
alternative there would be.
I pointed out that there is a PR shield in doing social work.
The reasons that we engage in our work is not for PR. That is simply a
tangible benefit, as is the fun we have.
I'm not against talk, I'm against doing nothing but talk. Your whole
perspective is to do nothing to change things, and yet you take me to task
for saying that realists should expect nothing to change.
So, yeah. Fucking dumb. Squared.
Yeah, I do think about how the terrain was lost in the first place.
Laziness. People stopped doing the social work that they used to.
I think about how other terrain was lost as well.. like by anarchists
being all insurrectionist and getting the very word 'anarchy' to have a
completely different meaning from its constituent parts.
I already do that. My opinions are not very popular, and are largely just
.. mine, and entirely unique.
That's a good thing. Even, and especially, when I'm wrong.
Civil disobedience problematic. It would require a general strike. No one
has the money to do that for any time scale that would be effective.
Fair enough.
Citation? I'd sincerely be interested in reading up on that. That
(obviously) isn't my understanding of the situation.
Fine, the rest gets shuffled off to state-sponsored contractor (garbage
collection) = the state.
I agree they CAN be done without the state. Totally agree it would be
better to do them ourselves.
As is, you're right in a way. Obviously a few people can't ultimately get
it done. The core problem is that people are burnt out from their jobs. I
get it. I'm often run ragged from doing all the shit I do. I've met many
people over the years who "would love to" do volunteer work, who don't
have the time. Some do have the time, but don't want the extra work. Some
have kids, or have jobs that require long hours (lots of nurses), and so
There may be some light at the end of the tunnel, if the technologist
types are right. Robots = displaced workers. There is already a social
movement, and talk in European governments about creating a "living wage"
.. you get a stipend from the government for being a human (and therefore
unable to work). You'd have to pay for that by taxes on corporations.
Now you have a shit load of people who can .. do something else, instead
of going to work and in some nominal way supporting the state.
I'm kind of skeptical. I've heard it suggested by a few people. I don't
know. We'll see.

@_date: 2016-09-24 12:01:39
@_author: and 'teenagers' 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
I get where you are coming from. I've often said, "Being well-adapted to a
sick culture is no sign of health."
I see. So, correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds to me more like your main
criticism is of the establishment of psychiatry, and not so much with the
study of the mind, personality, and so on as such?
I can agree with this. I think a great deal of psychiatry, as a discipline,
is half-assed, and generally speaking am critical of institutions generally.
But in terms of explaining common aspects of human behavior, I find
psychological models fairly accurate.
No, she won't wear shoes if she can help it. "Pathologically" prefers bare
feet, or socks.. and can accept sandals. She really does get a
panic-attack type response to it.
Some autism is characterized by tactile response things like that. She
used to flinch at touch very easily too. As in, she could be sitting on
the couch, ask you to come over, see you coming over and you could gesture
out your hands to indicate touch.. but she would still jump a little if
you touched her shoulder or whatever. She's basically over that, now
That example is like a weird "two-fer" .. Aspies (affectionate name for
those with Asperger's) tend to not understand body language well, so the
gesture of oncoming touch wouldn't necessarily be interpreted correctly.
I wouldn't consider it a problem.. and my understanding is that because
its biologically based, its not considered mental illness, or a disease of
the mind. It's a condition. Like being quite short.. a "little person"
it's no disease, it's just them. CAN that condition be a problem to deal
with? Of course.
She has real issues coping with things that 'normal' people tend to have
zero issue with. She's different.. very much like being quite short, and
having issues coping in the world with average sized people.
How "normal" people treat her causes far more problems than her condition
causes her on its own, by far. I imagine that is true for little people as
Ok, so we're talking models of the state, and not THE totalitarian state.
Yeah, authoritarianism has bad effects, for sure.
Greedy state-outlawed drug dealers, working as salesmen for out-lawed
cartels, selling outlawed, unpatentable freely reproduced and copied
products and other shit. Furthermore, they drug up children who are just
looking for an escape from the 'normal' savagery.
So the state seems to have little role, in all of that...
Greed will always be around, man. Greed will infect any system you have,
or don't have. Greed infected monarchies, modern nation-states, churches,
personal relationships.. I mean.. name it, and if it involves humans,
greed has been a problem for it somehow, somewhere I'd wager.
But it isn't rational to allow a minority to impress its will on the
So we're back to square one.
Why not? If rational is the metric for good, then the most rational people
can do the most good. They'll seek to do the most good.
It may still be a recipe for disaster, but it would seem to be a smaller
disaster, or take a longer time, or SOMETHING positive compared to those
that can't reason to the same level of complexity.
Society is complex. There are a lot of moving parts. Irrational people
running the show seems to be the recipe for disaster.
OK, fair enough, so perhaps phrase it a different way.. the most rational
should, in some way, have their views take precedent over the irrational
views. Whether that is a "state" or whatever you want to call it, it seems
clear that if "rational" is "good" then "irrationality" needs to be
I don't think so. But yeah, I was certainly one of them.
That doesn't invalidate what I'm saying though. At the same time that
children start selecting their peer leaders, they rebel against their
parental leaders.
It's because they are defining their own identity, and that identity -- as
a primate, is largely bound up in hierarchy.
"No, Dad, I'm not going to listen to you. I'm going to wear makeup like
the cool girl in school does!!"
Bottom line.
Not at all.
The music was god-aweful.
Oh, I do.
Hierarchy, to some level, will always(?) be present in human society. It
does not follow, however, that the alphas need to always be the most
cunning, competitive, driven sociopaths we have around.
If you've ever met an alpha type who is actually a genuinely nice person,
its obvious to see the positive effect they can have on people, in terms
of getting them to be more confident themselves.
Do that long enough, on a large enough scale.. I don't know how many
generations it would take.. and my perspective on the situation with
regard to primate evolution may go the way of the extinct dodo.
Murder of crows = herd of crows. Pride of lions = herd of lions.
Society of humans = herd of humans.
That humans organize, in a society, is a herd instinct.
Just because we're social animals doesn't mean we can't have different
ways of organizing. There are constraints, but the Native American economy
was run on beads and the honor system. Some societies were ruled by the
strongest, others the oldest.
But there is always the perception of an alpha. How that gets defined and
created, is open to some possibilities.
No, its the dick way of talking to people that will guarantee that they
will get angry, and won't remember what you said, just that what you said
made them angry. And so, since they don't remember, they'll never change
their mind.
If you'd like to call it that, sure. But its really just about effective
There is a reason we use the term "argument" in two contexts: logical
debate, and heated, angry confrontation.
The very choice of words "I'd like to propose an argument" vs. "I'd like
to entertain a point of discussion" .. can have very different effects in
terms of how open the listener is going to be.
It's like body language, tone of voice. It's an important part of genuine
Of course. Conceivably you'd feel compassion for a person hit by a bus and
through no fault of their own had their body broken. Why would you not
feel compassion for a person whose mind, and very spirit was broken by the
weight of the state?
Indirectly, yes. I appreciate much of the man's thought, but he made
errors he couldn't have forseen. We all have.
I could wish that my errors wouldn't be visible for hundreds of years.
What they are meant to do, and what they do, are two totally different
things, aren't they?
And I agree with you, to the extent that one must gauge the audience.
I enjoy a hardy 'argument' myself. There is a sport in it. There is an
implied competition.
But when I can tell that someone is going to take the competition
personally, and that it will in fact be a wall to getting at the truth, I
don't 'argue.'
I don't know. It depends on the individual, of course. I'm a terrible
cook, and in matters of cooking, I defer to those that are my betters.
I've never made shoes, and so I defer to the authority of the boot maker.
With apologies to Uncle Mikhail, naturally. :)
Doesn't matter if you believe in it. You can disbelieve in VD all you
like, someone can still give it to you, and without your consent.
The point is, be aware of the subtle ways in which people express their
feelings of their inferiority to you, or others, and subtly uplift them.
Rather not. The point of anarchy would be power equilibrium. With a
vacuum, there is always something trying desperately to get sucked in, and
to fill the vacuum. Anarchy would be equilibrium. No power pushing out,
and none seeking to attain it.
And if you dispose of a state without people being ready to live without
it, there WILL be a new state.
Spain. WWII. After Franco fell, there was decentralized organization.. no
rulers to speak up. Cooperation to run the country, and after the war they
made a new government.
They didn't have to. It just seemed like the thing to do. Fuck, we have to
keep up with the Jone's. Every other self-respecting people has a
government. We better get one.
Really? Because she went from not being able to support herself, nor her
child, and being on state assistance, to getting a decent job. I haven't
seen her in some years now, but last I heard she is a quite prosperous
small business owner now.
I get that university is largely a scam. It's a fucking pyramid scheme,
basically. But like most "multi-level marketing" schemes, if you really
put in the effort, you can get ahead.
Forget every I've said. Stay a loner =)
It doesn't matter what we know is bullshit. The point is helping OTHER
people know its bullshit. If a deductive argument gets them there? Good.
If example, and suggestion get them there? Good. If it takes a hit of LSD?
The point of an argument is the truth, right? Well, which is the valuable
part? The form of language, the process that gets them there? Or the
If you actually value the TRUTH of the idea that the state is perhaps the
worst idea humans have ever come up with (with the possible exception of
Barry Manilow recordings), I'd imagine that you'd be keen and open on any
way to dispel that idea .. and not be hung up on little fine points of
communication style. I'd think that any block or friction to getting that
idea dispelled would be done away with.
No, I never said that.
So what does? As I mentioned some time ago, you're taking the tact of
questioning without offering alternatives. Its a good debate tactic, if
you like to just carry on. It won't dissuade me. I know the tactic. I've
used it on occasion. No matter how many questions you come up with, even
if I can't answer, actually proves me wrong. Whether its logic puzzles
that may stump me, or fine points of magnifying conceptual distinctions,
none if it actually proves anything I've said incorrect, unless you can
provide an alternative that is in some way better, simpler, or so on.
Shows how little you know about this area of life. These are private
institutions. They cater to people with cognitive disabilities.
You like to exaggerate terms. So do I. Hyperbole can be fun, yeah?
Depends on the theology. I imagine you're not real versed in, say, the
Dalai Lama's rule as a theocratic leader. Not many states give up their
terrority to avoid bloodshed.
Not that I have much use for the guy, really. But I won't get into that.
In any case, I'd have thought that someone who made such a big show about
the coercive nature of taxes would understand that I'd rather not take tax
money because I know its at the barrel of a gun.
I don't believe in Santa Claus, but if people want to put money into the
Easter egg for charity work, that's fine by me. It's voluntary.
These days, at any rate.
I'm beginning to wonder if you aren't completely detached from reality.
What should be, and what is. You seem to have a problem with that whole
reality thing. What arguments are meant to do, vs. what they do.
There are other examples, it seems, I don't feel like going back through
the thread to find them.
But you really should get that looked at.
Neither does your trolling?
It's all about PR.
You can feed a man while he learns how to fish. I'm not sure it scales to
feeding trolls though.
I always vote not to do so, as I've said. But, I do understand the logic
of those that vote for taking state money: its better than using it
elsewhere (military), and if we can bleed off the state to get programs
rolling and people set up, all the better. We could take a lot more state
money, but we don't.
And we're not 'playing state.'
You can LOL at bootstrapping from the state if you like. But its how
things work in the real world. You know, that pesky thing called physics
and biology.
Like you for example. You were bootstrapped out of your mama's vag, sucked
on your nanny's tit, ate their food, and burdened them. Papa could have
gotten more ass if not for all your crying. And they didn't even have the
responsibility to do this for you, seeing how you aren't them and you
should have been taking care of yourself, after all you were just the
result of an ejaculation.
I don't really look at it as political analysis, seeing as I have no real
political ideology. I see advantages, and disadvantages, to a lot of
theories. And I don't much care which are tried, or not, or even if the
current one is simply rebooted.
The interplay of life, people, history, technology, and so on is so vastly
complex that no theory can hope to make accurate predictions of what will
work, or what won't work due to emergent behavior, the so-called
"butterfly effect" and so.
I'm simply giving my outlook on the state of the world that I live in.
The way I think about states is the way I think about children. I've often
commented on "playground politics." The dynamics of how 5 year olds act
are quite similar to the nonsense nation-states engage in.
I don't need political analysis or ideology to see through that nonsense.
So, your car breaks down. Person A offers you a ride. Person B offers you
a ride.
You think they are in competition? It's not the correct word.
Competition implies striving, and struggling. It involves trying to beat
another at some mutually important task, or game, and so on.
I'm not in competition with the state. I don't want to do what they do.
They really don't want to do what I do.
To give themselves an air of legitimacy, they are forced to provide
certain services. They'd probably rather line their pockets or buy bombs.
I'm not trying to beat them at that game.
I'm not forced to provide services. If I worked harder at my job instead
of the other stuff, maybe I'd make more money and line my pockets. Instead
 I choose to provide services.
I'm not in competition with the state. They aren't in competition with me.
I am providing an alternative though, that if widely supported and used,
would take away one of the false ways the state legitimizes itself.
You can ride in your friend A's car, or friend B's car. You can choose
either service.
They are not in competition.
Civil disobedience and getting high.
Fine. Who cares? Not all strategies are fit for all terrains or all
conditions. That's obvious. Each strategy needs soldier/workers. That's
You propose no real strategy as an alternative, other than - what are you
advocating? Nothing. Except talk.
Fucking dumb.
So I'm trying to re-take lost terrain? OK. Sure.
Better than waiting for a solution from you that will never come, or
waiting for an insurrection to take the whole show and HOPEFULLY actually
ends in anarchy .. and not just another criminal gang with guns.
And since your solution (I suspect its insurrection because you won't say
it) includes getting a gang of people with guns together, and then killing
guys who HAVE power, it seems really risky that when the dust settles they
won't TAKE power. In theory it could work.. but it requires too much that
never seems to come about: millions of people free from greed.
And if they are when they start, you lose a leg or an eye in the fight..
then you start thinking "well, I DESERVE something" that other people
didn't get.
I know to much history to fall for that shit. I'm real suspicious of
violence as a solution.
Don't know what.. how 'anarchy' got associated with violent chaos?
Get reading.
Yeah its hard. What makes you think getting rid of the biggest, global
mafia EVER was gonna be easy? You think its gonna be romantic like some
fucken Hollywood movie? You get to hang out with yer buddies in a bad ass
bunker, get a cool nickname carved on your rifle, shoot some bad guys, get
a sweet scar, and get the girl?
No. It's fucking busting your ass to do the shit people don't want to do.
All the shit that people don't want to do, gets shuffled to the state.
They don't want to police their own neighborhoods and confront violent
criminals they want to call the cops. They don't want to fight fires. They
don't want to hang out with 30 unruly kids and try and teach. They don't
want to provide services. They don't want to do SHIT. They want to be
coddled, and taken care of by Mama state. They want to fuck around, live
in the basement, buy their toys, and take as little responsibility as
Laziness is no virtue.
I don't pretend to have all the answers, and I'm willing to listen to any
practical ideas that would be faster, or more efficient.
But FAILING that, I'll do the work, laying the foundation as best I can,
pebble by pebble, with far few too few workers, and far to few fucking
If nothing else, in my last days, I'll know I truly did try. It wasn't a
theory, or a "political leaning" or a dream. It was my life. And along the
way, I meet a lot of rad people doing it, I learn a lot, and I grow as
You really can't beat it.

@_date: 2016-09-22 05:59:10
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
That's the interesting thing. They are related, in the sense that they
play on susceptibility .. i.e. the willingness of a person to do what they
are told.
I don't buy into a lot of the models and so on that NLP advocates assert
in terms of how it works, and so on. And any sort of testing is
necessarily difficult, because of the variability of people's willingness
to obey, and so on.
NLP was "developed" by looking at the traits of effective public speakers,
and finding commonalities on how they are able to persuade people.
Even if the models, and explanations aren't correct, its undeniable that
some people are more persuasive than others, and that it has nothing to do
with logic. Salesmen don't debate with you, for example.

@_date: 2016-09-22 05:50:00
@_author: and fraud 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
In my experience, the people who are so rabidly anti-medicine, and
anti-psychiatry are usually ridiculously religious, or fearful they are
mentally ill. You don't strike me as either, so this seems really odd to
me. Obviously, psychiatry is mis-used by the state, but I just cannot
fathom this idea of a "scientific veneer" .. certainly, there is a great
amount to question in what the doc's say.. but.. certain things seem
Like the idea that people tend to operate from a position of protecting
the ego. That just seems so.. obvious.. I don't know, I just don't know
what else to say.
You obviously know shit about autism. She is.. oddly sensitive to certain
things, and prone to emotionally crippling "tantrums" because of it.
Certain smells, the smell of freshly cut grass, makes her slightly ill
feeling. She doesn't like things around her feet, like normal shoes or
sneakers, and its genuinely distressing, not just a matter of preference.
Consequently, the sight of lawnmowers, and the need to wear sneakers for
gym glass, can cause her to get panic attacks, basically, which result in
those tantrums.
It isn't just a matter of her being shy, and needing to take shyness into
account. Those differences, and people looking at her like she's all
fucked up, made her shy. When she was much younger, she was very curious
and outgoing. People treating her like a weirdo because she IS different,
made her shy.
She really does have different neurology.
Sorry, but this is idiotic. It's not about fucking "totalitarian" norms.
When a kid freaks out about the smell of grass, its normal for other kids
to tease, thinks she's weird, and so on. This is impressed on them by the
fucking state.
It's how primate humans treat people who they see as different and not in
their in-group.
But since that's all bullshit, sure.. it's the government.
C'mon. Granted, we agree on the silver-bullet drug thing. Drugs are over
prescribed. I don't see that as state totalitarianism, and the "veneer" of
science on a sham discipline.
That's economic corruption. Doctors getting kick-backs from drug
companies, and shit. That's just good old fashion greed at work.
Well, presumably we can agree that there is a lot of irrational shit out
there in society. Right? So, pick something that you are sure is just
straight irrational.
If people were so fundamentally, at their core, rational -- why does this
irrational thing exist?
If we're all so rational, and yet irrational things exist, then that means
that some people (the creators, facilitators, etc) - while rational - are
not competent and smart enough to UNDERSTAND that its irrational. The
scope of their intellect is just not there. People are stupid.
And if people are so stupid as to not see these irrational things, clearly
you, or I, or others who DO see the irrationality of them, out to be in
charge to deal with.
We should be the state. We obviously know better than the stupid fucks
that can't reason their way out of a paper bag.
I find all this to be problematic. So, for me, I tend to reason this way:
Yeah, irrational stuff exists because humans aren't entirely rational.
Some really irrational shit exists to meet emotional needs people have. It
doesn't mean, I or anyone else, should necessarily be "in charge" ..
because I can't decide what meets someone else's emotional needs any
better than they can... if I can reason more clearly.
I'm not following.
The point is that if "rationality" is the metric for "good" then the "most
rational" people should be in charge. They should be the agents of the
Well, I'd argue that the state uses emotional means to justify itself, so
I'm not so sure there is any other way to approach the situation.
I'm sympathetic to the view that "water is needed for a fire" and that
"rationality is needed to qwell emotion"
But with a big enough forest fire, you use both in tandem.
I think we're at that point. Hell, I think we've been at that point ..
I don't mean to portray a fatalist attitude, but in retrospect, to those
so accustomed to thinking that pure rationality, philosophy, or such is
the answer, I can see how it might come off that way.
Social mammals have a herd instinct, and more specifically humans
naturally select leaders at a subconscious level in social situations.
Because we're in some sense pre-disposed to selecting leaders, we're
exploitable to people who would seize power. To many, it seems just
natural and comfortable that there should be someone, with authority, that
they can look to in order to find out what they should do.
You can see this in early teen children, where kids start to select
"popular" kids, and others try to emulate them. It's no coincidence that
the "king" and "queen" of the prom will be the most popular pair of kids
in school. In fact, the king and queen as selected years before the prom.
It's no coincidence that the jocks in high school go on to become the cops
as adults.
At a deep level, that is the mechanism. Primates, humans included, have an
ingrained alpha/beta dynamic that makes us select leaders. That is the
core psychological hook that the whole thing rides on. And it trickles all
the way down, individual sub-groups will have their own leaders, and so
on. A hierarchy .. a pecking order.. arises rather spontaneously.
For people deeply attached to the state, when you call into question the
state, in an emotional way, you're sort of insulting their father, or
maybe "big brother" would be more apropros, and you're calling into
question the entire structure of what they know. They find it difficult to
believe a world without the state is possible, because at some unconscious
level, they've always felt the presence of that hierarchy. It lets them
know their station in life, and that is comforting to people.. at least
people in the middle, and certainly at the top.
So, what do we do about all this? Well, it should be immediately obvious
that we're up against something much larger than a mere principality. It
may seem daunting to consider, but it's really not that big of a deal.
Humans have organized in fantastically diverse ways in history. We can
recapture some of that, and finally dispense with the authoritarian
First though, taking the emotional/social side into account, I'd like to
highlight a few things that are important in order to grow a base of
people large enough to do away with the state, and to survive without a
state (that is, the types of social changes we'd need to have in place in
order to not re-create a state after their downfall).
The emotional ties people have are important to consider, when trying to
"win a convert" to an anti-authoritarian view, make your arguments against
the state .. "gentle" .. couch it with "I wonder if people could organize
without it.." when they object, AGREE, but continue with the "wondering."
We should feel compassion for people so enamored with authoritarianism,
and be gentle with them. Many anarchist writers of the past have looked at
them as some sort of debased beast who is content to lick their chains,
and this view is why we don't have more people. Be compassionate: the
statist is one that is weary, and feels weak. They get brow-beat with
orders from superiors regularly. Our job is to give them respite. Don't
brow-beat them with arguments designed to make them feel inferior. Gently
encourage new thoughts. Make them feel strong. Ask for their opinions, and
don't be quick to dismiss. If you disagree, nudge them towards your view.
It is more effective, persuasion wise today, and one day, without a state,
those would need to be social norms so that the "betas" get uplifted, and
feel like they too can lead, in some areas.
Take note when people are being deferential towards you, and putting you
in a subtle position of social power, and ABDICATE that power. Ask for
their opinions, and defer to them. When someone comes to you, for advice,
or a solution.. Be content to say you don't know, and encourage them to
use their own understanding. Encourage them to see that you aren't their
With those types of norms in place, the roots of power have less surface
to take hold, and in the absence of a state (either self-made collapse, or
insurrection) we're more likely to be able to fill the power vacuum with
something better than the current notion of the state.
At first, yeah.. but like all social circles "word gets around."
And yeah.. it was a bit ad hoc, but that is kind of the whole thing..
people are individuals, and a successful non-authoritarian society has to
have really flexible social protocols to adapt to that individuality.
The only way, that I see, to really make a society where people don't have
to conform to an insane litany of arbitrary social norms is to have very
few social norms that are very flexible and adaptable towards people.
I must say, I'm surprised by  Most libertarians I've met are very
enamored with the self-made-man trope and the idea that people should be
ambitious, and do well for themselves. Or did you mean libertarian in the
old-school sense, and not so much the modern "objectivist" sense?
I don't entirely disagree with you here. Certainly, people deserve more
time for slack, and sloth, but I don't know that I'd say laziness is a
The rigged economic system is a problem, true. Providing alternatives to
that system is another thing that needs to at least have seeds planted if
we're to get through a power vacuum.
Well, lets put it this way. A child can reason, and utilize rationality..
but they won't necessarily come to TRUE conclusions. Their minds are not
developed enough, there will be variables and conditions that they can't
keep track of. You might think of it like chess. And inherently rational
game, well defined rules. Easy to learn. But not everyone can play at the
same level, and its not a matter of practice.
So, irrational things exist. If rationality is the core human feature,
then I must conclude that a great many people are too feeble of mind to
come to correct, true, conclusions. People trade their queens for pawns,
If rationality is the prime reason for this, then there is no hope to win
the game. But I don't believe that. They make irrational trades, for
non-rational reasons. Those reasons, nevertheless, can be understood, and
compensated for.
As far as who would run a nanny state -- anyone popular, savvy, and
ambitious enough to get the job. Just like now. Certain people would be
able to look around, with a keener mind, and say "These stupid fucks can't
see that X will never work. I'll fix it, do Y, they'll be amazed, and I'm
on easy street." It's compelling, for the self-interested.
Well, with a wide enough definition of brainwashing, I guess this works.
But its not really brainwashing.. not in the way cult leaders or the like
do it. It's just being .. "pro-social."
You know, I was in agreement with you on that for a long, long time. And,
in fact, I've greatly enjoyed this conversation, because its like arguing
with the 20 year old me.
So, yeah, I get it. But, suffice it to say that, over the years (and
please don't take this as some appeal to aged wisdom here, its just my
experience) I've come to really learn the meaning of "you catch more flies
with honey than vinegar."
It depends on what you're "manipulating" them to do, I'd say. If you're
manipulating them to your own ends, against their wishes.. yeah, its
terrible. But often times, people lack the courage to do what they want.
They lack the confidence. If you're inspiring them to be true to
themselves, I see nothing wrong with it at all, and rather see it as a
I've met people that were "manipulative" in this way. It turned me off, at
first, until I began to realize that.. it's really just a tool. How that
tool is used, really is up to the person and if its used for good, then
its good. I've seen people be "manipulative" in this way, and nevertheless
really inspire genuine love and affection in others, and genuinely inspire
them to chase - and more importantly - fulfill dreams.
By making people FEEL GOOD, of course they are going to want to be around
us. We're providing them with a real positive aspect to their lives. If,
as a community, we did this for each other, we'd have more members. Just a
The time I'm thinking of, in particular, a friend I'll call Alice, used
some emotional manipulation to convince another (Betty) to go back to
school, get a degree, and really helped her get into a much better path in
life. At the graduation party, Betty introduced Alice to some other
people, and - her face just beaming - told how she owed everything to
Alice, and she wouldn't have been able to get the degree, and go back to
school without her, and so on. Alice just smiled, and said "Sweetie, I
didn't do your homework. Everything you've accomplished, you did on your
own. You just forgot that you could and I reminded you. If anything, you
inspire me!" Then the tears and laughter started flowing.
It was a genuine, human moment. If inspiring each other to be our best
selves is distasteful, then I would suggest that you don't actually like
humanity very much.
You're missing the point.
People pay them, justify it to themselves, because of the helping part.
Statists will say, we NEED taxes, to help with welfare, to build roads,
and so on.
We know thats bullshit. Ok. So we can spend time.. going on hundreds of
years now.. trying to argue against this perception, OR we can just build
alternative institutions that mitigate the entire fucking idea.
Like I said, we try real hard, and are mostly effective, at not needing
government dollars for our work with the disabled. The two areas where tax
money comes into play is when we get people jobs. The employers get tax
subsidies. We try to encourage them not to take them, but are mostly
ineffective with that. The other area is education. We don't have always
have the private funding to pay for schooling, so we help our "clients"
file for the government programs to get it. I actually disagree with that.
We'd be able to pay for them if we took money from religious charities,
then we wouldn't need the government grants. I get out voted on that by
some rabid atheists in the group though, so it is what it is.
Food not Bombs provides food without tax money.
There are plenty of anarchist social services building infrastructure
independent from the state.
What way? People helping people? People getting programs together that are
independent from the state?
Your obvious rational explanation is nonsense. There is no reason
alternative to state programs cannot be made without taking tax dollars.
There is no reason you can't boot strap an independent program using tax
dollars initially.
And I'm not trying to mess with you or analyze you. You're obviously a
loner, and have said as much. I've known plenty of loners, and used to be
one myself. Fortunately, I had a great stroke of luck in life, and managed
to get an opportunity to travel widely, that forced me into social
situations that caused me to expand my view, and finally to dispense with
the loner thing.
Your path may differ, and thats fine.
If you're rather focus on ways to destroy the state, rather than create
alternatives.. that's fine too. Destruction can be an act of creation.
I choose differently. And it has nothing to do with an "anti-rationalist"
stance. I'm not, even, anti-rationalist, despite what you want to think.
I just incorporate more axioms into my logic, and I'm aware of the ..
larger.. implications of Godel's Incompleteness Theorem. =)
Lulz. Economic analysis, generally, is horse shit.. or at least confined
to a frame of reference. Economics is all predicated on theory of value.
Socialist theory of value says, roughly "A thing is worth the labor gone
in to produce it." Capitalist: "A thing is worth what someone will pay."
Anarchist: "A thing is worth what it is being used for."
From each of these theories of value, one can derive economic "laws" ..
like the "law" of supply and demand. It's a law.. only so long as people
operate according to the theory of value.
But people can choose to value things however they like. Goes with the
whole free will thing, actually.
It's not a matter of competing. It's a matter of providing an alternative.
It doesn't need to be a complete, viable alternative. It just needs to be
a working model. A proof of concept.
Why? Because I'm not trying to destroy the state.. directly. I'm not
trying to blow it up, and start from zero. I'm trying to grow alternatives
that will, over time, allow the state to wither.. the same way it didn't
appear overnight and slowly grew. That is how it will be replaced.
At bottom, a state is just a human activity. PEOPLE DO it. We just have to
attract a critical mass of people doing something different.
Uhm. The cartels run Columbia dude, so I'm not sure what you're exactly
getting at there.
But you're making a subtle error. Helping disabled people isn't illegal.
The state has their hands in it anyhow. We can take that over, and get
them out of it.
By appropriating social services, there is also a propaganda effect
involved.. the state will have a difficult time blasting away at
anarchists involved with helping disabled, the homeless, etc. Food not
Bombs gets shit, usually out of health-code nonsense, but even still, they
are relatively immune because of the propaganda effect.
You lose that when you get into overt crime areas. This is what fucked
over anarchism at the turn of the 20th century. The "propaganda by deed"
horseshit is what inspired robberies, crime, assassinations, and
associated "anarchy" with "chaos" in the public mind.
It is, essentially, why I am politically pacifist. In theory, I'd be up
for good old insurrection, but I'd have to KNOW we'd win. Fuck the
self-interest of it, I don't care about that.. but the potential for
centuries of setbacks is too great if we let the victory write our
AGREED! Critical mass of people living without the state. That's what I'm
working towards.
Perhaps. But I like the smell of this horse better.

@_date: 2016-09-22 03:07:08
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
I don't really think of it as all that profound, honestly. To me, its
trivially obvious by looking around that people aren't primarily rational.
It's obvious that con-men can play all sorts of games, trick people, play
on emotions and psychology, and bypass people's reason.
To me, this is simplistic, and clear. As it should be, to you.
Apparently you've never spent any time in New York. I found this amusing,
and it didn't surprise me at all. People who work on the streets in any
capacity, are often quite aware, and aren't easily hustled.
And again, it doesn't work on everyone. I've said this from the outset.
To you. You have a strong rationalistic bent, and you're very tied to the
notion, ideologically. Libertarianism is rooted in the notion of rational
And, to be clear, I wouldn't say I'm anti-rationalist. That is too strong.
People CAN BE rational, but they are not NECESSARILY, or PRIMARILY. Should
people be more rational? Yes, I think I'd agree with that. But I'm not
dealing in shoulds, and wishes here.
My intention with using Derren as an example is that his work, in terms of
highlighting the effects of NLP, shows how rationality can be bypassed in
certain conditions, with certain people.
Some does. Some is just about misdirection, getting you looking at the
hat, expecting a rabbit to pop out, while the magician walks across the
stage and pulls a lever. No slight of hand involved.
There are plenty of people that get amazed, confounded, and think the
tricks of a David Blaine, or Chris Angel, and so on are - in fact - real
and supernatural.
But that is besides the point. I'm not even talking about superstitious
people and nonsense beliefs.
I'm not claiming anything in this as a philosophical principle. This
particular strand of conversation started at Tom's suggestion that people
have to, at some level, rationally think over what they do when they hand
their wallet over when someone puts a gun in their face.
It's nonsense, and with just a little bit of clear thought, its obvious.
Ever been driving a car, taking a route you often take, space out a bit in
your thoughts and 10 minutes later you realize you've been driving for
miles, taking multiple turns, without "paying attention" to the road, at
all? You'd been "rationally thinking" about something entirely else, maybe
a project at work that is stressing you?
You don't need to THINK about your actions, to perform them. The rational,
conscious mind, fades out and goes on vacation regularly with just a tiny
amount of stress like that. Induce large amounts of stress, and it can be
lights out, for all practical purposes.
Derren's illustrations with the wallet aren't even inducing stress. He's
just trying to select people walking along that look spaced out, and in
their own thoughts a bit.
If a person was walking along, thinking in their mind about a logical,
deductive argument, or rationally problem-solving an engineering issue, or
something like that the trick probably wouldn't work. Almost certainly.
But if the person is remembering things, calling up old details, and their
minds are not engaged in critical problem-solving, its more likely to
It's all about the state you're in before he approaches.
And muggers know the same thing. Best way to avoid a mugging? Well, don't
be in a shitty section of town.. but second best? Be aware. When you see
someone approaching, look them square in the eye, with a slight smile. If
someone pops out of an alleyway, doorway, or somehow comes up on you
quickly .. once you're in earshot, keep that eye contact and be the first
to talk. "Hey, Front Street is up this way, yeah?" Or "Hey got the time?"
Whatever. A simple question, as soon as he processes that question, toss
out a compliment "Nice hat, by the way."
Why is this? First, the mugger is looking to get you unaware. He wants the
script to run this way: the first time you notice him is when he threatens
you. He wants you looking at the gun, or the knife, and not his face. He
wants you surprised, and scared, so that you won't remember much of what
he looks like. He wants your adrenaline to dump, and time to dilate for
you. Every beat cop has heard "I didn't get a good look officer, it
happened so fast."
So you need to notice him before he threatens you. Be aware. He doesn't
want you to know what he looks like. Look people in the eye.
Talk first. This is key, because it means you're setting the stage, not
him. When you ask him what time it is, you're throwing his rhythm. The
compliment makes it likely his ingrained response will be to say "Thanks."
Before he knows what happened, he's thanked you, and your on your way, and
it makes it "difficult" for him to run his mugger script the same way.
For the purposes of our discussion, yes. Because we're talking wide-scale
social phenomenon.
I'm not worried about the con-men of the world doing this one-on-one, or
Derren Brown getting a small number of people to do something egregiously
irrational, like handing over their wallet to a stranger.
But skilled person can use NLP type techniques, through media, to persuade
people at an emotional level, on a wide-scale. It doesn't have to be so
egregious as handing over a wallet. It can be combined with argumentation
that, strictly speaking is poor, but sounds kind of plausible and then
buttressed with persuasion techniques like this.
In that way, which I see advertisement and politicians do regularly, there
are very real limits to how effective rationality is.
And again, I'm not trying to attack rationalism, as such. Rationalism is
GOOD. But we have to understand that, for many people, its a bit fragile.
It can be bypassed.
If you only choose to focus on issues with one entertainer, and the
limited scope of the examples presented, sure. But if you look at how
others use NLP techniques, how people can get biased by speech to make
certain choices that seem to them "random" and "free" and yet were
selected for them, there are pretty huge implications.

@_date: 2016-09-21 14:35:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Indeed. Religion, physics, and medicine generally, as well.
Political oppressors will co-opt anything they can use, no?
As terrible as religion is, I won't deny some people get genuine benefit
from it. As terrible as the A-bomb is, I won't deny physics has helped
mankind. No different for psychiatry.
Not just shy, dude. She's shy, yes, because she is wired a bit differently
and is self-conscious of it.. but its deeper than that. Certain
psychological principles have truly helped her, and her parents, cope.
But let me be clear: I understand what you're saying, and you're not
wrong. In my nieces' case, it took a few attempts with different doctors
to find one whose first reaction wasn't to drug her.
I'm not saying that the mechanisms of psychology, especially as it
intersects with the State (i.e. state-run hospitals, state-ordered
"therapy" and so on) aren't oppressive. They truly, surely are.
I'm just saying, "don't throw the baby out with the bathwater" .. Nazi
doctors did terrible things, too, but presumably you understand that they
are still helpful for setting broken bones and things.
Fair enough, and I don't disagree. The thing to realize from my view,
however, is that people aren't fundamentally rational.
The trouble with that view from an anti-authoritarian perspective is that,
lets face, there is a lot of irrational stuff out there. So IF people were
basically rational, then it would mean most people are just inherently
And if they are not capable of reasoning through shit, it really calls
into question whether they are capable of, for example, maintaining their
affairs without State intervention, so some type of big brother checking
up on them.
I don't believe people are inherently stupid. I believe they operate
primarily according to motives, and drives, that have little to do reason.
The veneer of reason is added, as an after thought.
Rational criticism can help them realize THIS. But the alternatives
offered have to play to something more than just algebra.
I wouldn't go so far as to say its biologically determined, but I would
say that there are psychological, or if you prefer, emotional forces
The utility of the view can be expressed this way: when one realizes the
emotional reasons why a person clings to statism so passionately, you're
in a better position to help them out of it. Because argumentation and
logic don't win many converts alone.
It helps develop a proper scale of the real problem. It's not just a
matter of "the state" .. its a matter of "the state" and the human desires
that seek us to create states, to love and revere kings, to subconsciously
select leaders.
I once was involved with a group where I noticed that two individuals
always reserved their opinion until I stated mine, and then championed
whatever I said and worked to convince others in the group of it. I never
asked, nor wanted this, naturally. My solution was to go to my main
"opponent" in the group, with whom I disagree most frequently, but was on
pleasant terms with personally - and brought this up. I asked her if she'd
noticed it, and she had. We decided that we'd wait until it happens, and
then slowly shift positions. I'd gradually adopt her position, and she
mine and argue for them in reverse. To shake up the dynamic, and confuse
them into doing some real thinking on their own.
Over time, it worked. They began agreeing with neither of us outright.
Perhaps they thought we were both fucking stupid and decided that their
own opinions had more merit than us "flip-flop" dullards.
Good. Whatever they needed to get the confidence to embrace their own
ideas is OK by me.
OK, great. I agree totally. The question then, is how do we help do it?
If you'll forgive an analogy.. but we have a burst pipe. One method of
trying to stop the leak is to stuff the whole with argumentation, logic,
and fill the void. Mine, as I see it, is to understand the cause of the
leak. Identify the source, and shut off the valve.
I could have argued, and reasoned with those two "followers" of mine. I'd
tried, basically. Their answers were always some variation of: "Oh, I'm
not simply following you. I really believe that. I've always felt that
way, I just didn't have the words to express it so clearly." or some such
I understood they weren't consciously trying to put me ahead of themselves
as a leader, they lacked confidence in their own abilities, and felt more
comfortable attaching themselves to me.
And so it goes with social conformity, generally. Certain people get
"groupies." It's just the way it is. Recognizing it, and helping to get
them on their own two feet.. that's my solution. I see that as quite
I'm not a historian, and certainly am not expert on American history, but
my understanding is that at the end of the civil war, there were far more
slaves in captivity than freed. The percentage of fugitive slaves was
fairly small.
And it is, nevertheless, true that some slaves stayed on as paid laborers
after the war. Perhaps these were especially kind, fair "masters" whom the
slaves never had a real problem with. Perhaps it speaks to a larger fear
of the "great big world" that so many from small town and isolated social
networks have. Perhaps its a combination of both.
Maybe I was too dramatic in making my point, but I believe it stands:
slave culture made obeying largely an instinctive quality. That culture
limits the type of thinking that people can do. Outliers notwithstanding.
This is an interesting example of how two people can think opposite things
and arrive at the same conclusion :)
Because my take is very different. As I explained above with regards to
rationality. If I thought that rationality was the core feature of the
human mind, I'd be forced to conclude most people are just not capable
decent logic.. and we need a nanny state to govern their affairs.
Rather, I see the situation that.. yes, free will is constrained. Yes,
social norms and culture play a great role in placing boundaries on the
thoughts that average people think.
But there are important people who break the mold. Inspiring examples that
speak not to reason, but to the real motivator of people: emotions, and
the desire to truly breathe, not just with their lungs, but with their
So, while neither of us may be able to convince a 3rd party in our
particular brand of "reasonable ideas" .. either because of a
dis-interest, incapability, or acute difference of opinion .. that 3rd
party can still be inspired to live free from the state, as best they can.
So, for me, rather than a hopeless situation.. its rather quite pleasant.
We don't have to stuff a gaping hole and resist the unfathomable pressure
of millions of souls.
We just have to turn the emotional valve for people, to inspire them.
There are libertarian "communes." A commune is just a place that
like-minded people gather, at bottom. Some are communist, some are
anarchist, some are libertarian.. some are religious.
Being a loner doesn't make you an individualist. It just makes you alone.
Real individuality, in my view, is being able to be in the company of a
group of people whom are each different, and recognize and support each
others differences. It is, perhaps, a bit like being able to hang out with
naked cowboys, drag queens, and truckers while yourself wearing a
three-piece suit. And still feeling right at ease.
My response wasnt to you. It was to Razer, for blasting me with shit after
I just tried to make some idle chit-chat with him tangentially on his
topic of media aggregators and so on.
Because, in that case, I don't see speculating about a tiny aggregator and
a two-bit law firm, and then blasting me for not giving a fuck, as
particularly useful.
The way you limit state power is to take away their legitimacy. So, lets
look at taxes.
If everyday people spent their time helping the homeless, unemployed, and
the disabled rather than watching TV, there would be no need for the taxes
collected for welfare, for instance.
Rome wasn't built in a day. And you won't undermine in a day, either.
You want a world without a state? So do I.  It means we have to build it,
and build alternatives.
I can see why that doesn't appeal to you. It's not something a loner can
really do effectively. But, as far as I can tell, its the only viable
I'm not playing the game out of self-interest in my lifetime. I'm playing
for keeps, and may never see the results of my labor.
Like the architects and slaves that built the pyramids, or the laborers
that build the Sistine Chapel..
It's BIGGER than ME.
Cart before the horse, man. Unless you're advocating open insurrection.
Good luck.
The problem with 'revolution' is that in revolving, we soon enough come
right back around to having a state.
I don't want to turn the wheel, reset, and have some other state or some
new oppressive non-state structure in its place.
I want to stop the wheel of history in that sense.
You're right. A far more effective approach would be to establish large
standing militias willing to confront the state.
We're not there yet. In order to fight, people need something to fight
for. Thats where the OTHER non-state services come in, in my view.

@_date: 2016-09-21 05:58:53
@_author: in the near future 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Private? Fuck you're paranoid.
I don't consider what I do for a living, or otherwise, private. My name,
location, who I date.. those things are private.
I didn't offer the info. In fact, I tried to ignore the question. But I
was asked. So I answered.
Within reason I'm an open book. I'm no holy man, either.
I'm neither am I a petulant child.
Yup, that's what I'm doing. Trying to brainwash people.
Let me tell you something. If I were trying to brainwash people, I
wouldn't be fucking around on an internet list. I'd probably try starting
some type of religious cult. But it would have to face to face.. person to
person.. brainwashing is fundamentally about person-to-person interaction,
cult of personality type shit.
Text communication, but its nature, isn't really susceptible to that.
This is quite interesting to me. So, if I disagree with the Invincible
Guard Juan on some things, then I'm a CIA enemy.
That sounds quite like some of the most unbelievable brainwashing I've
ever heard. I mean, it fits the bill.
Disagree with the all-powerful, invincible leader, and you're the enemy. A
shadowy enemy, who can't be trusted at all. Satan's henchman, and such.
Fuck maybe I'm wrong about the brainwashing with text. Juan, I know you're
good at dissecting text, but I didn't realize you were THAT good.
Kudos. Keep these nutters on list and distracted with cross-posted news
sources. Better than letting them roam the streets.
Razer, Juan.. I sincerely apologize. I thought you guys were just posting
bullshit. I had no idea you were performing a public service.
My bad, dudes.
Riight. More self-supporting paranoia. Here's the beauty of your delusion:
If I chose to leave the list, then I'd have done so because I got found
out as CIA.
If I don't choose to leave, then its because my CIA masters won't let me.
You know, there is a principle of logic -- one that Juan would probably be
able to tell you about, if you care to listen -- that a position that has
no criteria which COULD refute it, is necessarily illogical.
Meh.. whatever.. you're out of the depth, guy.

@_date: 2016-09-21 05:18:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
And, let me also say.. your description of the human thought process is
all wrong. :)
Consider it this way. When someone walks up to you, and sticks out their
hand to shake hands.. you respond by reaching out and shaking hands.
You're not processing it all the way you described. You don't think "Oh,
this person wants to greet me, I should respond accordingly."
That doesn't happen. At all.
What actually happens is, their body language communicates to you that
they want to shake hands, and the learned response kicks in..
automatically.. and you reach out your hand, before you've thought much of
That is why Derren's "interrupt" mechanism works. You watch for a person
on the street who is in deep thought, probably remembering something ..
memory is an activity that engages the subconscious. Then you interrupt
them, and get them to shake hands.. they'll respond, also subconsciously..
and then instead of going with the normal routine of letting go of the
hand and letting them run their "normal hand shake routine" you do
something different, and you quite literally inject a new thought into
their minds.
The programming techniques Derren demonstrates, and explains are used
widely in sales, in public speaking, and so on. Not everyone is
susceptible to them. But many are.

@_date: 2016-09-21 05:10:24
@_author: one of 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
I absolutely love it when you nutters call me CIA or some shit. Fucking
See, now THIS is what I mean when I said I'm here for the lulz..
Let me guess, whenever you see a black van on the highway you think 'they'
are following you, right?
Wait wait.. no, no.. they only use black vans in the movies, right? In
real life they use WHITE vans. Yeah, thats the ticket.
fucken hell..
Dude, if I was CIA, I'm sure I'd have a lot better things to do than argue
with you fucking assholes. And if they dont, then that sure as hell
explains the recent god damn bombings and shit for the last few decades,
don't it?
In fact, I'm not EVEN CIA, and I have a lot better things to do. I'm burnt
out lately, so I've been slacking.

@_date: 2016-09-21 04:59:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Don't be so sure.
Poke around on Youtube and watch a bunch of Derren's stuff. Watch how he
MAKES people make choices that, to them, feel entirely free.
Listen to him, as he teaches you how it works, WHY it works, and get an
understanding of the limits of rational, conscious free will.

@_date: 2016-09-21 04:55:03
@_author: but I never was 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Hit a nerve, did I? Sorry. No judgments. If its correct, it just means you
just think differently. It's not even a big deal. For the purposes here,
it just means you'll tend to take discussions in a more literal way.
lol. Dude, my niece has Asperger's. She's brilliant, talented, and I love
her - and there is no 'fascist psychiatry' involved. Her life, and her
relationships with her parents and others all benefited when the diagnosis
was realized, and appropriate communications techniques used.
Oh come now. Now you're just being butt-hurt. You've called what I've
written bullshit numerous times and I didn't get all shitty about it.
And I don't "alpha" towards anyone. If I did, I wouldn't be so quick to
insult myself, say you have the bigger dick, and so on.
I don't play those games. I just recognize them.
But, when I disagree, I say so. And I defend my position and state things
how I see it. You are, of course, free to disagree and that's fine.
Like I said, I don't have enemies.
Well stand the fuck up then.
Don't misrepresent me. I never said I thought it was right. I never said I
was a pacifist to that level.
We're talking about morality, and the ways it gets interpreted.
Specifically, how morality can be objective, or at least not relative --
and yet still get interpreted differently by different cultures and
There are pacifists which interpret it that way however, and I'm just
acknowledging an interpretation that is different my own, without
denigrating it. Something you seem unwilling to do.
No. The mental dick measuring comment was because you specifically made a
comment about "quitting while I'm ahead" which would be fine as an idiom,
except you also made it a point to parenthesize (but I never was) ..
indicating you see this as a contest.
I also already addressed the other point, trying to indicate how I meant
my comment, but I'll do so more clearly.
YOU'RE RIGHT. I PHRASED THAT PISS-POORLY AND WAS MISTAKEN.
Poor betas? I never referred to you like that. I don't claim to have all
the answers, either. I'm just giving my opinion on stuff, and the way I
see things.
You could have engaged me with "Well, that's interesting. I never thought
it of that way. I think this way, for these reasons."
Instead, you've advanced no real ideas of your own, and only proceeded in
attacking mine. It's a good tactic for a debate on your part, and I'll
engage. This sort of thing is helpful to me, because it gives me an
opportunity to focus on minutia and clarify.
Heh. That's actually kind of funny. They probably would have.
Of course there were fugitive slaves.
I already said in another message that there were a few strong-minded
types that could resist the fear, think freely, and so on.
Again just because something is possible for the FEW doesn't mean its
possible for EVERYONE.
I'm not interested, particularly, in tailoring a political theory to what
favors the intellectual, physical, or other elites. I'm interested in a
political theory that can cater to everyone.
You apparently don't know very much of what it means for people to live
without a state. I've lived in squats and communes. Everyone I've met was
filled with a true passion for something apart from the politics and the
agenda. It's vitally important, in terms of the "the movement" primarily
The state fills an important role: it provides structure for people. That
structure is a type of MEANING.
The patriotic soldier serves his "country" and derives meaning from it.
The daily worker in a factory, takes an "honest job" .. pays his taxes..
and derives fulfillment.. meaning from it.
Find what fulfills you, apart from what the establishment says you should
want.. that, by itself, limits state power. You're one less individual so
deeply under their control.
Live that way, and inspire others do to likewise.
So you weren't actually interested at all. What you're actually interested
in, is arguing.
The dick measuring contest. Like I said.
Actually, my first post was a reply to Razer. I didn't piss and moan about
anything, actually. I bellyached about the bullshit on this list after his
panties got all in a bunch for zero reason, and he started taking me to
task for nothing at all, trying to claim that I don't know what a "front
organization is" and all sorts of other stupid shit.
Sure it does. The disabled are some of those that are absolutely reliant
on the state. A common objection from statists is "Well, who would care
for the disabled, who would build the roads, blah blah."
You're a fucking flake if you don't understand that limiting state power
is all about providing alternatives to state services.
Honestly? The most I've seen is how federal agent types can so easily
coerce businesses into handing over info they have no real reason to hand
over. Any overt sabotage is either a bit above my pay grade, if on a
software/server side, or more likely entirely done on the network side
which isn't what I do.
Have no idea what the designers of the comms intended by that. I just made
the algorithm as a way to provide plausible deniability within a streaming
cipher as a way to mitigate interrogation.
Likewise. See, we're on the same side after all.
Yeah. I thought about taking this private with you initially, but didn't
because it was tangentially related to matters of state resistance, at
least in terms of how I see the the role that the state fills. I.e. why
people cling to it so passionately.
But, as may have been predicted.. we've entirely derailed.

@_date: 2016-09-21 02:33:10
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Ya know, after I hit send on that last message, I knew you'd start off
with this.
You're like autistic or something. You focus on the words, but seem to
have difficulty actually relating to the underlying scenarios or seeing
the dynamics of human relationships within those scenarios. It's all this
bullshit about "the logic" of morality. Bugger off with that nonsense.
If I'm walking down the street, and see some strapping brick-shit-house
sized dude chase after you, pin you the ground, beat the ever living shit
out of you for a few moments, then pull out a knife and raise it above his
head to kill you..
Well, I am not a victim. I'm no danger at all. I'm 20 yards away, smoking
a cigarette, with my .45 in my waist band.
And I still have the right, and some would argue, the moral
responsibility, to draw down on him and order him to stop, and if he won't
to cork that fucker square between eyes.
And the REASON why I am able to do that. To make a judgment call valuing
your life over his, IS because of GROUPING. Namely, the grouping of victim
and grouping of aggressor, and the social valuation of one over the other.
I happen to agree with that valuation. But I'm not arrogant enough to say
it isn't a grouping, and in that respect is not different than other
It is simply a grouping that I firmly believe. Others firmly believe in
groupings based on religion, or race. Those I firmly despise.
But they are still a representation social in-group/out-group dynamics
It isn't because a pacifist doesn't mind being attacked. It's because
their morality dictates that using force is wrong. And they won't stoop to
the level of someone who does, even to defend themselves. It is akin to
someone putting a gun to your head and trying to force you to rape a
child. Hopefully you don't. Hopefully your morality is such that you'd
rather die than do that. Even though someone forcing you to do so absolves
you of responsibility. You choose to TAKE responsibility, and die. Same
for the pacifist. He says "I will take responsibility for my actions, and
not do violence, because violence is wrong. Whatever it costs, I won't do
Another example might be eating animals. Most generally accept that
cruelty to animals is wrong. But how that "wrong" is interpreted varies
greatly among, say, vegans, and others.
I get it now. This is all about some mental dick-measuring contest for
you, and not about actually sharing ideas at all?
Oh. Ok. Yeah, yer dick is bigger than mine, mate. Ya couldn't just asked.
Yeah, I mentioned it as an example of the types of social institutions
that many people are not really in a position to question very easily. I
thought it would be obvious, and easily accepted.
You were the one that zeroed in on it, and made a discussion of it.
Perhaps I should have clarified more.
Oh fuck that nonsense. I'm not an apologist for shit. But it is true that
some freed slaves stayed on the compounds.
It sounds to me as if you simply don't have a fucking clue about life,
mate. Have you ever been in a truly hopeless situation for an extended
period of time? Have you experienced what it does to the mind, to your
thought process and psychology?
If not, then yeah.. you have no fucking clue. If so, then you really need
to think on what it would be like to be subjected to that since birth, and
not even have a past to draw from, or a future to look forward to, for
Because your whole "they didn't want to get killed" thing is bullshit.
Indentured servants rebelled. Some were killed. Fucking people rebel and
fought over taxes or shit like that, nothing as egregious as getting
beaten and held as slaves. You really think that whites valued their tax
dollars and liberty  more so than blacks valued not getting beaten or
raped, and so on? Get off it.
So really fucking think it over and ask yourself if it was a rational
choice about getting killed, or whether it really did have a lot more to
do about social engineering, human psychology, and the simplest thing of
all: lack of hope.
That's why indentured servants rebelled. They had HOPE, saying to
themselves.. I'll will myself into virtual slavery for N years, then I'm
free, and I get a plot of land and I'm my own man. When that deal breaks
down, it's fucking on. They'll DIE for the fucking dream that they lived
A true slave, born into it? There is no hope. No one ever gets free. It
isn't even a concept to freely think about.
Sure, sure.
You can't bait me, dude. I've had higher highs than winning an internet
pissing match, and I've had lower lows that you can possibly fathom.
I'm not enemy to freedom. I simply have a clue about what real life does
to real people. How it affects theirs minds, their dreams, and their
capacity for self determination.
Try fucking reading up on how ex-cons can be 'institutionalized.' Or
better yet, wait until you hear about a dirty cop, go find him and crack
him in the skull with a crowbar. Get sent up, and do some time.
You'll learn a few things.
Yeah, I am actually.
Whether you accept it or not is on you. But I don't have enemies, so
you'll just have to live with it.
Nope. Just your average bloke born in a dunnie that had to get sharp real
quick in order to claw his way out.
Sure thing mate, I'll get right on that.
LOL. No. Because you don't get the fucking point, son.
 The whole point is for YOU to be SELF-DETERMINED and find problems YOU
are interested in and that YOU want to solve. Find things that give your
life meaning. And those things, likely, have fuck-all with what others are
doing. And good. No point in all of us working on the same shit.
 I didn't respond, because I suspected from your general demeanor you
didn't really give a shit. As you indicate with your choice of the word
"retort" .. everything you've shown so far is confrontational, so I didn't
take the request seriously.
 But since you're asking a second time, even though you're bringing it
up in a seemingly confrontational manner, rather than any sort of genuine
interest.. I'll tell you what I do, primarily, with my time in that
I act as mentor for some cognitively disabled adults. Mostly in the way of
helping them find coping strategies for their difficulties. Providing a
measure of friendship and companionship, helping them to feel like they
"fit in" and are accepted, try to find them work, help take them to
provide travel arrangements for them, and so on. I work with a group. It's
what we do, and we try like hell to do it without state aid. We're trying
to build the infrastructure to care for individuals if/when the state
funding dries up as it inevitably will sooner or later.
I do this on top of my day job, which is in cloud infrastructure type
shit. As a hobby, try to find time to program, keep my skills up somewhat.
In the past, I've designed deniable encryption protocols, and implemented
tools to do it. One of the methods even got picked up in IEEE transactions
and used in a communication system in Lebanon designed to safe-guard
privacy in the face of oppressive governments.
But, as I mentioned elsewhere to Zen .. I also didn't respond to that
because I'm not on this list for fucking hand-holding and encouragement
about some shared social agenda. Find your own fucking answers. I know
what I believe in, and I know how far I'm willing to go, and what I'm not
willing to do, to help.
Truthfully, this whole fucking thread is exactly what I DIDN'T want. A
bunch of horseshit that has nothing to do with "cyphers" .. but whatever,
I'll count it as a "getting ta know ya" free-for-all.

@_date: 2016-09-20 23:40:09
@_author: killing a member of the in-group 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Look, I'm not arguing for moral relativity, which is basically what you're
But I am trying to indicate that morality - even if it is soundly
objective - is nevertheless interpreted differently, by different cultures
and different people. When you think on it, morality, fundamentally, has
as much to do with "right" and "wrong" as it does with "in group" and "out
group." In many ways, the concepts are inseparable.
Murder (killing a member of the in-group) is always wrong. What changes is
who the "in group" is, and who the "out group" is. And likewise for
slavery. Nowadays, progressive types make "in group" all of humanity,
mostly.. but we reserve the right to kill members of the out-group, with
that out-group being defined as those that attack us first. Killing in
self-defense is OK, because we're killing a member of the out group: i.e.
those that resort to violence first.
A deeply pacifistic person might disagree, and not fight back even in
self-defense on moral grounds. Their in-group is even larger than yours.
You are the one that brought up slavery, and asked me if I thought the
slaves WANTED to be slaves. Of course not. But, now we have you saying
So let me ask you. IF slaves could choose to disobey, why didn't they
rebel? Why wasn't there widespread slave rebellion? And if this really was
a choice, then they CHOSE not to rebel, and one might argue that they
wanted to be slaves. Indeed, even after they were FREED, many slaves
stayed with their former masters, and worked as paid laborers. That's a
fact. So they certainly wanted to be there, probably even AS SLAVES.
Why was it the Abolishionist movement among whites that got the ball
rolling on getting rid of slavery?
What is your take on that?
My take is that the slaves didn't fucking KNOW any other life. Slavery is
all they knew. Period. It's not that they WANTED to be slaves. Most
couldn't fucking THINK about rebelling, or disobeying, because there was
NEVER an example in their lives of anyone really doing so. Even as freed
men, they stayed on the same plantation .. for the same reason that many
free people today never leave their small little home towns: FEAR. It
CONTROLS the mind and the thoughts.
A few very strong minded souls could do so, of course, and had the heart
to take the beatings as a badge of honor, of sorts. A very few, were free
from fear.
But to their fellow slave onlookers? They would appear insane.
I hate to break it to you, friend. But you don't have free will. Not quite
like you want, at any rate. You're free, yes. But you're constrained.
Controlled. By what you know, and what you fear. The more you know, and
the less you fear, the freer you can think. But for the uneducated masses,
and the slaves of the world.. things aren't exactly as simple as you'd
like them to be.
LOL. Oh my, what an armchair warrior. I'd love to get you around a few of
the folks I know. They'd be able to prove to you that in those moments,
you're not thinking or deciding SHIT except, at best, how to keep your
bladder in check. You'll be handing over your wallet before you even fully
understand whats going on.
Frankly, from that last comment of yours. It seems to me more that your
"logical thinking" is really code for "woefully sheltered." You talk about
what, or how you'll think and decide if you look down the barrel of gun?
Give me a break. Brother, I'll bet you've never been in a REAL fight, let
alone one that had it escalated to weapons.
The simplifying assumptions your "logic" requires go out the fucking
window when 9 little millimeters appear about 3 meters wide.
It's better than making a political philosophy based on some nonsense
about metaphysical free will that, if it exists, only does so for the
pampered ivory tower types who.. yes, get to CHOOSE because they have
never suffered.
But for real life, when you get beaten as a slave all day, it AFFECTS YOUR
When you work a dreary ass job, barely get enough sleep, having your very
dreams filled up with visions of monotonous days at work.. it AFFECTS YOUR
And when life and death are on the line, when hormones and adrenaline
dump, YOU DON'T FUCKING THINK.
That's real life. And it works more according to the laws of biology, and
the fucking animal kingdom, than your metaphysical abstractions.
I clipped the rest, because we're going no where.
I think its obvious that we come from very different worlds, and
perspectives. We're not gonna find common ground on most of this stuff,
and we could go in circles on the differences forever, so I'm content to
leave it here.
I'd rather focus on commonalities, such as they are. If there is something
particular that you'd really like me to addres, I will, however.

@_date: 2016-09-20 05:16:34
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
I think more on the scale of 100 years, but yeah. 10 would be wonderful.
Well, I dunno. I play a little guitar. I think it'd be a blast to be able
able to rattle off some harmonica, and thump a pair of kick drums
But I get your point.
Indeed. I don't often use the word "anarchist" in most discussions with
people, unless the forum is such that I have good reason to believe
they'll understand the real meaning of it.
"Direct democracy" is an OK term. Most will appreciate it. Personally, I
dislike it, because I am not that much of a fan of democracy the way most
people think of it. i.e. Everyone is entitled to vote. I don't agree.
One needs a license to drive a car. One needs a license to own a firearm.
Rightly so. Exercising those rights can have real consequences for the
public, and it seems prudent to make sure people have the information they
need to be responsible.
If voting TRULY mattered, if it was POWERFUL, you'd NEED a license for it.
I feel this is a nuance most fail to grasp.
"Anti-authoritarianism" is another OK term. Except I don't like labeling
things "anti" .. you set up defining what you're AGAINST, rather than what
you're FOR. Sets the wrong tone, in my estimation.
It is, to me, very telling that we don't even have really appropriate
terminology.. that is how deeply ingrained the authoritarian alpha/beta
thing goes. And, as Chomsky would point out, if one lacks the language for
something, it becomes very difficult to think properly about it.
An old flame of mine likes to just drop the "anarcho" and call herself a
Syndicalist. When people ask, she describes the free association of people
into syndicates. She was fond of pointing out that it sounds bad-ass to
people to "join a syndicate" .. calling up "romantic images" of joining
outlaw crime syndicates, or such.
I'm rather sure that wouldn't scale the way we want either.
In certain contexts, all of these terms can be useful and effective.. but
the lack of a single banner or anthem that most of the "fringe" can unite
under is a real problem. And it isn't JUST a matter of terminology.
The scattered, fragmented voice of the Occupy movement speaks to that
So many people know .. no.. more importantly FEEL.. deeply, truly feel
that there is something wrong with our society. They can taste the
The problem is, none of us can really KNOW what we want in its place,
because we've never tasted anything else, except maybe in fantasy, or
dreams.. perhaps a few fleeting few moments where one manages to escape
the world, just for a moment, and catches the scent. One woman dreams of
steak.. some older gent a bit of ice cream. The young kid wants a pizza.
And we quibble over which one we should have.. and in the meantime, we're
forced to subsist on the cafeteria slop.
Its baffling to me now, but I remember being an ideologue. But for the
life of me I can't remember what the fuck I was thinking.

@_date: 2016-09-19 21:55:09
@_author: possibly unknowingly 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Whatever. This is just hard-ass, inflexible thinking. The point of the
matter is that right and wrong are largely a matter of interpretation
through cultural norms.
It was socially reinforced to be racist back then. It was socially
reinforced to not be homosexual. Hence, it was MORE DIFFICULT to be
racially egalitarian, or homosexual. This, it would seem to me, shows that
FREE WILL has limits. Those people were LESS FREE to be homosexual, or
racially egalitarian.
Could they still do so? Yes, at a cost. Fuck, for that matter, the slave
could refuse to do his work and not BE a slave too. There would be a cost:
beatings, or death. But he has the CHOICE, right? THAT is your free will?
Sure, from a hard-assed use of the terminology "free will" and an
inflexible way of looking at it, that can be claimed.
But for christ's sake you KNOW WHAT I MEAN when I say the slave doesn't
have free will. There is a COST to exercising it. It isn't fucking FREE.
Same for going against social conventions.
It's fucking grade school elementary.
Domesticated cats, no. But anyone with a cat will tell you they are LESS
SOCIAL pets than dogs.
That is my whole point.
How very Biblical of you.
There is an idea in our culture, that it is man's right to use the planet,
and animals any way we see fit. Because we can, basically. It's "might
makes right." It's Yahweh's commandment to "hold dominion over the earth"
where he set man apart from animals.
It's a primitive notion, really.
Are you mention humans are animals. Now, its perfectly normal in our
science to compare lions to tigers. Or horses to zebras. We're content to
abstract from their behaviors, and find similarities and guiding
principles for the activity of different genus'.
Except when it comes to humans, and our primate relatives. It's arrogance.
Lets be precise: in authoritarian cultures MOST adults will pay attention
to the leaders. The ones that don't will get a label and will suffer some
level of ostracism or social sanctions.
Does religious nonsense come from DNA? No, not as such. But considering
that EVERY human culture has developed some type of religious mythology,
I'd say that its in our bones, so to speak. It's not JUST a matter of
coercion and control, either. For example, shamanistic religions where
there is no priestly initiation, or transfer of authority, etc. Humans
seem to have a great need for myth.
But lets take it a step further. What is a "non-authoritarian" culture?
Hippies? Punks? Bohemians and beat-nicks? Sure. But even they have
leaders. They have ALPHAS that get a measure of deference and respect. The
key difference, and why we don't consider them authoritarian, is that
there is less expectation to conform and do as one is told. But, for
example, you're still going to get treated oddly by most members of these
sub-groups if your fashion sense is to wear a three-piece button up suit.
But what is important to realize is that the alpha/beta dynamic exists in
*virtually* all human social interaction. It *PLAYS* to a deep need, among
most primates, to HAVE that dynamic.
There are always anomalies. You may be one of them. I certainly am. As a
child, I was socially ostracized for being friendly and talkative with
mentally handicapped kids. They were my "lessers" and there was an
expectation that I'd treat them as such.. not to be mean to them, but to
not include them in "the circle."
I saw many kids grow up and learn those types of "lessons." The vast
majority folded to social pressure.
I never cared about it. Still don't.
But I recognize that for many people, they deeply care about what others
think of them.
Not at all. Let me give you an all-to-common example. Alice is married to
Bob, and is close friends with Charlie. Bob is jealous of Charlie. Not
full on, sweaty, digging through her phone jealous. But he feels it in a
low-level way.
So, Alice decides to go hang out with Charlie and a few other friends one
day, and Bob doesn't want her to go.
But he doesn't tell her NOT to go. He rationalizes: gives seemingly
rational reasons why she should not go. "Oh, well hey babe, I was hoping
to spend that day with you fixing up the garden." Or, "well, shit honey
sorry, I wish I'd known earlier, but there is a good chance I'll get
called in to work that day so you might have to watch the kids." And so
They are rational, in the sense that proceed according to practical,
reasonable principles. But they are (possibly unknowingly) dishonest.
The unknowing part is the important part. It may be that Bob really isn't
aware that he is acting out of jealousy. He doesn't feel it in an acute
and so he is largely unaware.
I disagree. Animalistic responses, while not necessarily a bad thing in
terms of effects, are inherently MINDLESS. Bob isn't MINDFULLY thinking to
himself "Well, why don't I want Alice to go out today. Is it Charlie?
Could I be jealous of Charlie? Hmm.. yeah, maybe thats it.."
In fact, he doesn't necessarily THINK about it at all.. he KNOWS he
doesn't want her to go out, for a low-level gut feeling, and has already
started acting or rationalizing in a way to get what he wants.
When I speak in generalizations, it is to say: the river is flowing south,
and people get pulled south with the current.
You point to the two Olympic swimmers who can fight the current and say
"SEE! NOT EVERYONE GOES SOUTH!"
Failing to realize the significance of the fact that they are able to do
so, and what it means for the rest of people.

@_date: 2016-09-19 18:11:43
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Yes, I agree with you that it would be better for all if a different lot
of people got involved in politics, whether at a local or global level,
The trouble is that it is difficult to convince people to act against
their own immediate interests.
For example, I happen to know an exceptionally smart woman that I think
would be great in politics. But she'd get decimated in an election because
of her lifestyle choices. She has a long-term, polygamous relationship and
open relations with other people.
There is an additional layer of complexity here: what individualist
anarchist types view as "moral", "acceptable", and "normal" is
fundamentally different than the population at large. And unfortunately,
these are the types of things that the population focuses on; largely
because they are unable to comprehend matters of the issues.
I have, actually, at different times in life. The difficulty that I've run
into is two fold.
First, there has been a difficulty in uniting left-and-right oriented
anarchists. That is "solvable" by simply focusing on one perspective and
getting a group behind that. I don't much care, personally, if we're
speaking about anarcho-capitalism, or anarcho-syndicalism, or whatever.
From my perspective, neither have be implemented large scale, and
both seem to have advantages over the current failing system, so I'm happy
to give either a chance. Others are more dogmatically ideological about
it, in my experience.
But the bigger issue has been disruptive individuals. Whether they are
just hard-line ideologues, or agent provocateurs, I won't bother to
speculate. But the problem is that there is always a few individuals who
manage to dominate the conversation, and derail practical things for some
type of "purity." And to argue against them is to get labeled a sell-out,
fascist sympathizer, or other nonsense.
I was acquainted with an 'anarchist' group that ended up voting for George
Bush Jr, the second time around on the "principle" that he is the worst
choice, and that it would hasten the downfall of the State. I've been
acquainted with others that advocate not voting at all.
There are all manner of rational justifications for not running for
office. Not wanting your personal life torn apart, and the people close to
you harassed and hurt is damn good justification.
There are less rational reasons to not vote.. even if you pencil in "no
one" or "putin" or whatever nonsense, and take the time to encourage other
members of the electorate to think differently about their duty while on
I believe if you re-read what I wrote, you'll see that I was careful to
use "to speak of" and "mostly" as needed. Perhaps I could have couched it
Yes, of course. But a handful is not nearly enough, and I find that
pragmatic professional types who aren't political ideologues don't want to
waste time with a group composed of such people, which as I say, in my
experience tend to be the type that crowd under the banner of anarchy.
Well, I will say that I've all but given up on "anarchy." Or, rather, I've
come around, perhaps, more to Thoreau's view: we're not ready for it.
Today, I tend to put more focus on practical things, and rather avoid the
ideology. What can be done to keep the internet as free as possible? What
can be done to combat state surveillance? What can be done to see firearms
rights preserved as best as possible? If I have to deal with National
party folks, or Liberal party, or Greens, or whoever, thats fine.
Indeed, sir. If people made this their life's work, I dare say most
problems in the world would have already long faded to history textbooks.
And yes, I agree. One's own ego is always the most difficult beast to slay.
Shouldn't be too hard. Most Zen is fairly subversive in its own right. In
the 9th century, Zen master Ummon Zenji was asked "What's the Buddha?". He
paused, and thought for a moment and replied "A dried shit-stick."
There are many levels of meaning to this that I've often found it useful
to ponder.
Indeed. Playing the game well, while remembering its a game, is the only
real key to life, I'd say. Unfortunately, the ideological tend to get
wrapped up in changing the game that gets played; not realizing it doesn't
really make much difference whether we're playing Monopoly, or Chutes and
Ladders so long as everyone is having a good time.

@_date: 2016-09-19 02:43:08
@_author: unneeded and unasked 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
I mean what I said. If I say "a wheel is spinning freely" you understand
that there is little friction to it spinning. Likewise, it seems obvious
that the social friction of the day that would make it socially difficult
to maintain certain attitudes about race. Those attitudes are easier
today, and in fact maintaining racist type ideas is more difficult.
So, as I stated: there are limits to free will, and limits to your whole
'moral agent' thing.
You're likely wrong there, with strays, I mean. Usually even stray dogs
will belong to a pack.. a few other strays that they will hang with.
Usually not full-time, they adapt.. but that is selection bias. People
call the animal wardens on 3 or 4 dogs traveling together.. not so much on
a single dog sniffing around.
And the dogs with owners do have a pack leader: the owner. In their eyes,
their owner is the pack leader.
A leader is simply someone who has followers. And yes: Trump obviously has
Agreed, with the proviso that quite often people rationalize, rather than
act rationally. They rationalize away animal instincts.
Ever get jealous of a guy hitting on your girlfriend? That's primate
When I say animal instincts, I'm not just talking about going around
robbing and killing and whatever. There are all manner of similarities
between primate behavior.
Well, I didn't necessarily mean you personally. I don't know you. I was
more talking in generalities.. about Joe six pack, basically.

@_date: 2016-09-19 01:51:48
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Not that I recall. Outside of computer and crypto-nerd rings, few had even
heard about it. This was the '90s. Ma and Pa weren't on the internet yet.
No one really knew what the fuck the internet was.
There was very little coverage in the media. I don't recall many senators
opposing it. But nonetheless, you can throw PGP in there too.
If the state had its way, there would still be a crypto export ban, and
you've have mandatory key escrow.
That's hardly the point. The question wasn't what technical/code type
things are invulnerable to the state. The question was, what sort of
crypto/techie stuff has encroached on traditional state power, or limited
its reach.
I'd also offer that in Real Soon Now, you'll see small towns adopt
crowdfunding in lieu of taxation. That will spread, and probably quite
The point is, there are all sorts of things that are eroding state power,
or have the ability to do so, right now.
Well, now we get into the whole free will thing. Sure. We have free will,
or at least if we don't, I'm apparently not free to believe otherwise. But
there are limits to it.
The social milieu is much like a river. You can swim in it, and to a
degree you can control your direction, but you will always be moving with
the current. If you're an extraordinary swimmer, maybe you can make
progress against the current. These are the .
A white male living in 1740 quite literally was not AS FREE as you or I in
terms of his beliefs about race, slavery, God, and so on. Social pressure.
Could he CHOOSE to marry a freed black woman? Yeah. In theory, but you
have to accept he'd be an incredible anomaly.
Now, not so much.
No, I'm not sure where you're getting that from with that. My point here
is simply that there are underlying dynamics that we usually explain away,
but which we don't actually understand. So, in the above, I'm trying to
suggest that your average person NEEDS authority to bow to. They really do
need it. Without it, they are like a dog that loses the leader of its
pack. It is a frightening situation, and fills them with anxiety. The
primary characteristic of a leader, in humans, is when the shit is hitting
the fan and most people are unsure of what to do, and pissing themselves..
the leader says, I KNOW WHAT TO DO. He's quick. He's certain. He's
"strong." That is comforting to people. Hence, Trump, by the way.
But for another example, take war. Chimpanzees go to war. There are times
when their population will fragment, and two camps will emerge. Males will
engage in late-night raiding parties, surprise attacks, killing other
males and male children, kidnapping females, and stealing food.
That is not appreciably different to how human war was fought for hundreds
of thousands of years. Recently, we don't kidnap females, and we don't
steal food. We're interested in other resources.
Now, are these similarities between social mammalian alpha/beta dynamics
to human dynamics coincidence? Is it coincidence that our closest cousins,
chimps, engage in organized violence similar to us? Or are there real
animal dynamics at work? Herd dynamics.
I personally don't think so.
And my point in all this is to show that, its not a problem with
institutions, religions, politics, "the elite" or any of that stuff. All
of those things are SYMPTOMS of the real problem.
The real problem, being, we act like what we are: primates.
No, not at all. Evolve, and encourage others to do so as well. Look,
gravity exists. A downward pull to the earth exists. It's unchangeable.
Period. But it can be USED, and overcome. That takes insight into those
dynamics though.
A great part of our social dynamics is rooted in our primate past. We
can't escape it, but we can acknowledge it, acknowledge its pull.. like
gravity. And we can begin to understand it, and understand how to overcome
At an individual level, it simply entails thinking at a "higher" level
than the ego. At that ability will come and go, depending on stress level,
hormones, concentration, all sorts of shit. But the more you do it, the
more you cease to think in the ordinary primate ways, and begin to think
in new ways.

@_date: 2016-09-19 01:04:28
@_author: especially a rigid society like Japan 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Hah. Glad you got a kick out of it. That one got me laid once, in fact.
For sure. I'd be an avowed monarchist if I could have even a 25% chance that the king would be a Marcus Aurelius.
I don't think that such men are rare, in fact. I think they are smart
enough to avoid politics. Politics attracts the worst of the lot.
Lol. Yeah, I don't think I'll get proven wrong on the existence part
necessarily. But maybe someone will come up with a clever way to culture
jam and get a whole bunch of quality people into the fold questioning the
need for centralized institutions of power.
You know, the main problem with anarchism is that there are no doctors and
engineers to speak of. Its mostly political ideologues, and
change-the-world hippies and freaks. A few ivory tower professors. Great
people, in my experience, but you don't get solid respectable, work-a-day
"professional" types that way, and they are the key.. the backbone, to any
real social movement.
That's why the hippies failed in the '60s. They couldn't get enough
middle-class normies to smoke grass and fuck freely. It was too scary for
In Zen monasteries, the roshi, the master, is treated like "one of the
guys." You can make jokes, and poke fun at each other. That sort of thing.
There is no grand show of deference inside the monastery. That is for the
outside world. The roshi will wear fancy robes, and everyone will bow and
all this.
Because the knew that if you lived without authoritarianism, and showed it
to the general public (especially a rigid society like Japan), it would be
dangerous. But, you make a big show of bowing to some guy, and people
think "oh ok.. they must be OK, they have structure like everyone else."
But the monks know its all nonsense.. its just for show. It's an act, a
play they perform.
I've often thought that a successful anarchist movement would need to
incorporate something like that.. as social camouflage.

@_date: 2016-09-18 21:20:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Depends on what your metric is, I suppose. But, I'd argue that absent Matt
Blaze's Clipper chip hack, your land line phones would have been entirely
tapped well before 9/11. Sure, it didn't matter longer term because cell
phones became the defacto standard. It remains to be seen whether Silent
Circle will have an impact.
Bitcoin is causing a stir, and providing the budding opportunity for an
economy absent a state.
These two examples, to my way of thinking, have had a more tangible
outcome than observation, and discussion.. and perhaps, even more than
outright protest. Because I don't see Wall St. responding to protests..
but they ARE responding to Bitcoin, and implementing their own block-chain
Yeah, sure. I can ignore the pissing and moaning about the media, and the
state. And likewise you can ignore my pissing and moaning about this list.
Or, I can engage - as you can. It seems we're both favoring the later.
"I tried being an anarchist but there are too many rules."
It's not supposed to mean anything other than what I said. People that
make it to cypherpunks are already quite likely informed. I don't see the
need in pointing out the obvious.
But, to answer your inquiry about power directly, I'll bite. Do I think
there are "legitimate" forms of power? Depends on what you mean by
legitimate. Do I like it? No. But I accept reality. I wish that reality
was different. It would be nice if power structures were different, and
while I'm at it, I think I'd like to add more purples, and some green to
the daily sunset. But that is all nonsense. Reality just IS.
And reality IS that every social animal has a pecking order.. an
alpha/beta dynamic. Humans are not exempt from this, and it manifests for
us, in various forms, and governments and our institutions are among them.
It's why the most driven, "alpha" sociopaths rise to power, and the whiny
betas piss and moan about it, and don't.
Changing that game is about a lot more than changing any individual
institution. It is about more than changing ALL the institutions.
Crypto won't help there, except as a tool to avoid state oppression.
Activism and protests won't help, except as a means to draw attention to
minor issues. Even if you manage to effect full-on insurrection, and get
rid of alpha-male school bully  unless you change the very dynamic of
behavior, some other douche will just take his place.
And that, in a nutshell, is why I don't favor even bothering with most of
this stuff. The depths of "the problem" go deep enough that all it does is
to become its own form of distraction. Rather, I prefer to proceed this
Find a small, soluble problem that fills a need. Propose a solution. Implement it. Repeat.
If everyone does a little, a lot will get done.
No different than 20 years ago. You know Win95 wasn't secure. The remote
exploits for Linux and BSD were laughable.
If you want shit secure, then, as now, you have to work it over.
In many respects, its a matter of shoveling shit against the tide, sure ..
but actually doing the shoveling is more effect than philosophizing about
the gravitational pull of the Moon, and the exact mechanisms of its
producing tides.
The moon exists. The alpha/beta dynamic exists. You fucking DEAL with it,
you suck it up, and you shovel shit trying to clean up the fucking mess.
Or, you deal with it, and shovel shit working for "the Man."
It's just the nature of things.
I'd love to be proven wrong, however.

@_date: 2016-09-18 16:22:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [From xorcist offlist] Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
How fucking stupid. If that was my goal, I wouldn't have taken the mail
off-list to avoid shit ON-LIST. If that was my goal, I wouldn't have
specifically tried to NOT influence the list. You're so paranoid its
laughable. You're not that important, mate.
But, if your goal was to paint me in this way, you'd have done well to not
post my off-list mail to the list. Not that it really matters, its obvious
that people buy into your bullshit.
And no.. my goal isn't to stalk you. I'm just tired of seeing shit which
isn't the slightest bit relevant to crypto, or even resistance to the
state, on this list.
I remember when this list had posts from Assange and others on actual
cryptographic techniques and tools, where real information was shared. New
information and ideas.
Now its just wankers speculating, and regurgitating links from open news
sources.. and you act like you're leaking privileged information.

@_date: 2016-09-18 03:39:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Well, lets look at both questions here:
First, the Cloudflare part is simple: they offer more than DDOS protection.
They can seemingly keep your site visible even if your site itself is
down, they offer analytics, and so on. And lets not forget that they
probably have some savvy salesmen that can convince some lawyers to pay up
and use the service.
As for why a lawyer's office would run a site like that. DHS connection is
certainly a possibility that I wouldn't dismiss.
Another possibility is simply personal interest, or the pet project of a
wife, daughter, or friend of the attorney's.
Or it could be professional. Sure, they may mainly focus on personal
injury law, but maybe they are on good terms with a client that came to
them about helping with the website hosting stuff where they can trust
some measure of attorney-client privilege if someone comes around asking
about the site and so on.
Instead of speculating, why not write them a letter and ask? Google up a
few other similar aggregators, and name drop them. Write to someone
mentioned on the site, explain that you're writing an article about up and
coming political-oriented news sources, and would like to include them.
Fucking social engineer some info, and cross-check it against facts you
already know.

@_date: 2016-09-18 03:22:19
@_author: mainstream media 
@_subject: Re: Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
True. Good point.
You're right that competition from the internet has caused the news to
tighten up some, in that certain things can't be ignored. But it also
seems to me that the spin and misdirection that they use is also ramping
up to bigger-than-ever levels. I guess the two probably go hand-in-hand.

@_date: 2016-09-18 03:16:28
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Look, I am just trying to intimate that this isn't new, or especially
fucking different, from any other day. I don't get my panties all in a
bunch about normal shit.
Yeah, there are front organizations, and powerful people playing all
manner of shady games. No fucking shit. How is this different than any
other day for the last 2000 years?
It's like you're amazed that the sky is cloudy. No fucking shit kid,
welcome to reality.
Show me a solid plan for what we can do to turn the sky blue, and I'm all
ears. Failing that, YES -- its far better to do something productive,
whether thats coding, or just jerking off, than belly aching about the
numerous games the powerful play.
You fall into that racket, and you're just another type of establishment
tool. A chicken running around with its head cut off, wailing about all
the fucked up shit. Normies will just call you a conspiracy theorist crazy
and tune out, and in the meantime, you'll be so busy jumping from one foot
to the next keeping track of what moves who made, you won't have time to
DO anything to jam up the system, or find a spot to stick a well placed
monkey wrench.
Don't worry so much about what moves the chess masters are making. Look
for a way to pull the fire alarm and drench the whole fucking lot of them
to get the games canceled.
And I'm NOT saying one shouldn't be informed. I'm saying one shouldn't let
it effect your emotional state. Get a fucking grip.

@_date: 2016-09-18 01:53:20
@_author: I'm dangerous when I do that 
@_subject: Re: Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
I'm not aware of any "news aggregators" that aren't full of disinfo. It's
the nature of the beast. If you're automatically picking up stories and
spewing them back out, you're going to pick up a lot of shit along with
This is one of the main reasons I don't really trust must of what I read,
and nothing that I see on TV, when I bother to watch. I try to hit primary
sources only, or at least, get closer to primary sources.
There is no end to the nonsense out there. I thought it was bad 20 years
ago. Frankly I couldn't have predicted how fucked this sort of thing was
going to get.
The recent bullshit of blaming Russia for everything under the sun would
be particularly disturbing, if I didn't suspect both sides have a
gentleman's agreement to play good cop/bad cop for one another to keep the
masses in line.
Ah well.. back to coding..

@_date: 2016-09-19 19:10:04
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: SHA-3 and GOST-R/Stribok 
Anyone know of some good reference material comparing and contrasting
these hash functions?
From what I know of the mathematics, they are quite unrelated, and it
should be very difficult to make inferences about inputs by looking at
their comparative outputs, but I'd love to see some work in this regard,
if there is any out there.
I have an application where it would be best to use two hash functions,
but I'd like to make sure there is some "orthogonality" there.

@_date: 2016-09-20 02:42:23
@_author: inner demon 
@_subject: Re: Xorcist = Coderman 
I don't know who "coderman" is, nor do I really give a fuck. But rather
than let such a lame attempt at an insult go, and leaving me feeling
unsatisfied, I reckon I'll have a proper go round.
My mum's so old she shits oil. I haven't been fucked in so long, my donger
grew hands and so it could jerk itself off. I'm just a stupid fucking
There. That's better. Fuck, if you're going to do something at least make
a halfshit attempt at it.
And Zen, while I'll be happy to wax philosophical about a great many
things, if I beg your pardon there .. I'm not here for shared common
delusions or shifting society and all that shit. That's for real life, ya
know mate? I'm here for the fucking lulz, and I hold out hope that maybe a
novel crypto system will get discussed.
But since I have to insult my fucking self and no one talks crypto, its
looking a might dry on both counts.

@_date: 2016-09-20 19:48:35
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Sim Theory 
I find it difficult to believe in the heat death of the universe. The Big
Crunch makes sense to me. The universe expands for a time, and collapses.
Like breathing.
But continual expansion with the universe turning into some cold,
undefinable soup.. I don't know. It's just difficult for me to swallow,
because it has no analog, or precedent. Then again, maybe thats the whole
gig. The only truly unique thing in the universe will be its fantastically
drawn out, boring death.

@_date: 2016-09-18 03:02:34
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Sim Theory 
Too cerebral.
It's interesting to me that the simulation hypothesis has so much in
common with Buddhist philosophy. In fact, Buddhism already answers this
sort of thing.
Alan Watts, as a Zen Buddhist, presented the view that life is essentially
a game played out at the cosmic level. All life is essentially the
source of consciousness, God, the Atman.. whatever you want to call it.
God desired to experience life as Alan Watts, and Richard Nixon, and dogs,
and lions and gazelle in order to expand its experience, its awareness, of
Put another way, intelligent life is the part of the universe that
endeavors to understand itself. We're the Universe's subconscious. We are
the dreams of the ultimate mind.
So, the equivalent Buddhist question would be - why would an incredibly
advanced mind dream of us? Well, the answer to that is why do you dream
the things you dream? It's a statement of desire, or of dread - because
fundamentally life is a bit boring, and its much better if you're banging
supermodels or running from zombies. So those things come up in dreams.
Likewise, its incredibly boring being God. Imagine it. Never being
surprised, needing nothing, all goals can be met without the slightest
effort, and so on. It would be an incredible drag.
Casting this notion into the framework of a simulation, one might say that
this advanced civilization is simply bored. Imagine Star-Trek type
technology, where you just hit a button and get a perfect steak. The SAME
steak, every time. There is no need to cook, because you'll never beat the
machine, and yet in the end.. it all ends up tasting plastic.
Even with our meager technology, a great many people enjoy "roughing it"
in the woods, camping and going low-tech. They enjoy getting away from TVs
and phones and nonsense, and getting back to a more basic existence.
No need for existential crisis. Just a desire for life to be flavorful.

@_date: 2016-09-21 18:08:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Switching gears 
Valid points.
I don't pin much hope on violence, though. Violent revolution has never
produced any type of long-lasting freedom. At best, a short respite from
tyranny.. like lancing an infection to let out just enough pus to relieve
the pain, but no antibiotics for a cure.
US independence is a great example. Their declaration of independence
lists charges against the King of England. Today, it strongly parallels
the US government's lesser infractions.
All violence does is to transfer power to a new group, and perhaps
consolidate it further. It does nothing to dissipate it.
Mass scale strikes or protests might have a better chance. At least that
sets a foundation not predicated on violence, and therefore coercion,
which is the premise of all government and all tyrannies.
I don't see insurrection as a real way forward, just an outlet for
inevitable frustration before we start the cycle over again. Maybe that is
inevitable, but I don't like to believe that.

@_date: 2016-09-21 17:01:51
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Switching gears 
I'd like to bounce an idea around. At the outset, I'm going to say that I
don't really like the idea. Like getting a root canal, I'd rather not have
a some guy drilling around in my jaw, but what can you do?
Some years back, maybe 8 years ago now, prior to the Snowden revelations,
a Kiwi buddy and I were discussing the arising surveillance state.
I ventured the idea that the only way to combat it, is for citizens to put
web cams in their windows, in their cars, have body cams.. whatever.. and
have a distributed system where we can live stream that stuff up. Open
source surveillance, if you will.
The idea scared the hell out of him, and rightly so. My take on
surveillance tech is that it is like nukes. The only viable strategy is
deterrence. The genie is out of the bottle, the tech isn't going anywhere,
and so if we're going to preserve freedom, the technology needs to be
under our control.
Open source surveillance is a monster, but its a monster that would bite
police and agents of the state as easily as us. Rather than the
government/media being able to selectively pick-and-choose which camera
angles, and which clips to release, we'd have to ability to check, and
I don't like what it means, in terms of enabling stalkers, but perhaps
that is mitigated by the ability to catch those fucks on camera?
I'd love to hear reactions and thoughts on this. It's not something you're
going to catch me truly arguing for, its really more of a devil's advocate
type thing.. like I say, I just see it mostly as a fucked strategy for
dealing with a fucked situation.

@_date: 2016-09-21 17:59:13
@_author: for various forms of "we" 
@_subject: Re: Little Brother, Re: Switching gears 
Heh. Kinda funny. I called it "Little Sister" when I mentioned it to my
Yeah, those are good points you make. A voting system that could
downvote/purge irrelevant/private clips would be good. It should be motion
captured, to preserve storage/bandwidth.
Of course you're right that there are implications for misuse. I'm not
sure thats a deal-breaker for me, exactly, criminal types will use their
own tech to case a joint anyhow. Sure, maybe it lowers the bar, but there
seem to be adequate payoffs.
My main concern is the privacy implications, and the social implications,
of people who get accustomed to always being on cam. I see it evolving to
a type of super-amped up example of the Japanese concepts of honne (true
sound)/ tatemae (facade). Honne being "how one truly is" and tatemae "how
one presents themself in society." All cultures have such concepts, but
for the Japanese, they were, and are, very deeply ingrained and felt,
including nuance for different levels, and things one never says even to
their closest associates.
I don't know that those are trades I'm willing to make.
The black bloc tactic of smashing cameras isn't bad, except like most of
their tactics, it just won't scale. It's great for young adults with
plenty of piss and vinegar in their veins, but its not going to attract
the masses. I'm not worried about attracting the anarchist kids willing to
get facial ink to make sure they can't get a proper job and "sell out" or
willing to do a stint in the clink. They're going to be alright.
I'm more concerned with getting to the critical mass of mainstream folks.
Your points about providing a free type of security monitoring solution
for their homes might help attract them, with the side-benefits being that
it can undermine a state monopoly on surveillance.
Still.. the social costs scare me. But those costs may very well get paid
whether an open system exists, or not.

@_date: 2016-09-23 05:34:05
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
I'm not sure I agree with that assessment, but even if you could convince
me, it's also then brought us full-circle: nukes. So we haven't really
gained much, by that measure.
And yet, you're also talking to a guy that enjoys jumping out of
airplanes, and I can tell you that the edge of extinction is a rather
lovely 45 seconds.

@_date: 2016-09-23 01:51:41
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
So? That can actually play to your advantage. With heavy training, comes
assumptions of what to expect, and an ingrained game-plan. If you know
what they expect, you simply do something else, and cause confusion.
Yeah, the conditions for real insurrection are rare, and tends to involve
a great deal of suffering. As a tyrannt, if you can keep the population
fat, and entertained, you'll be alright.
Nah, you're looking at it in a vacuum. If the conditions are right to get
a large enough force together to do something like that, there is enough
social support to get a majority on board.
Read, or review, Che Guevara's work "Guerrilla Warfare" .. he makes a
pretty compelling case for the types of conditions that need to be met in
order to have an effective insurrection.
OK, so you made me go digging this up.
Federal agents has firearms pointed at them, and stood down. DHS
subsequently predicted a rise in anti-government and anti-police activity
as a result. They were right about that, it would seem.

@_date: 2016-09-22 23:52:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
You really might want to look into this yourself.
Western military analysts tend to see the introduction of the Stinger
missles as the "turning point" in the war.
Russian analysts see the decision much differently. Gorbachev had ordered
the scale-down, and withdrawal a full year before the Afghans fired their
first Stinger.
And of course, no one was feeding them artillery during the invasion by NATO.
But, in a way, you're right. It wasn't REALLY the rifle's that let them
win. It was the mountains.
Nevertheless, given the proper conditions and terrain it is not difficult
to mitigate tanks and aircraft. It is not difficult to arrange a situation
where an army needs to walk in, on foot.
And once you get them to that point, it's all about the rifles.
I don't know exactly what the terrain is like in some of the U.S. mountain
areas, but I'm sure there are suitable areas. But it doesn't even matter.
If you have the bodies? Grab rifles, walk into New York and D.C., and
squat them. Tanks and aircraft are useless. They aren't going to use
artillery on Manhattan or D.C. Three thousand or so "tourists" show up
over the course of 6-8 months in each city. There are abandoned subway
tunnels in NY might get overlooked. You'd need access to some hardware to
break in, but if you can manage something like this, that is trivial.
There may be something similar in DC.
The problem isn't that artillery and aircraft are too difficult to avoid,
and mitigate. Its that the people are too weak. Big difference.
And in any civil war scenario, its quite likely you'll gain anti-aircraft
missles, artillery, etc, very early. It is always likely that you'll
inspire at least a partial military coup.
I don't know the whole story, but I read awhile back about some situation
or another in the States where militias had a stand off with the Federal
government, and the government stood down?
If this is true, its a serious indication that the United States
government is greatly weakening. Considering its importance to the west,
generally, its good news all around.

@_date: 2016-09-22 23:06:17
@_author: How? Good question - time to hack concepts. 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
I agree completely, Zen.
Greed is a fundamental problem of Capitalism. It is also a fundamental
problem of Socialism. The Soviet chiefs in the Politburo weren't standing
in the bread lines with everyone else.
Any reasonable political theory must account for this, and provide some
strategy to mitigate it.
How, of course, is the question. I suspect Syndicalism would work, and if
combined with a new theory of value might work quite well. Bootstrapping
it is the problem.
Power, is a whole other animal. I'm not sure anyone has really figured
that one out.
If the society has "money" .. and if "money" is, in some sense, a
mechanism for motivating and organizing labor, then quite literally, the
wealthy have more power, right down to the sense that the term is used in
physics, that of the rate of doing work.
I suspect that there is no way to create a truly egalitarian society in
the presence of money. Those that have it, will have an advantage in
negotiating with those that don't. You've created a power dynamic as soon
as you print the stuff.
Now, on the other hand, if basic goods and services were free, if you were
assured a basic standard of living, and food to eat, perhaps in a communal
house or public studio apartments, so that one did not HAVE to work for
money, but would only want to work in order to get access to better goods,
services, bigger apartment, etc, that might be enough to take the edge of
the implied power dynamics.
But it still doesn't stop the fact that a wealthy person can afford to pay
bunches of people to help get him political power, and that political
power allows him to become wealthier; and then the deafening feedback
The solution is to create a structure that doesn't utilize money, at least
not in the way we know the concept.

@_date: 2016-09-22 03:12:11
@_author: s 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
AK47's are useless?
The Afghani's repelled the Soviets with manual-action rifles from WWI and
WWI. Then took their AK47's and repelled NATO.
And the Taliban is still there.
So I think they'd take exception with this.
But there are good points to it. The ability for insurrection is largely
But nothing is impossible if you're willing to die.

@_date: 2016-09-24 02:45:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: JY vs Sea Sea vs Actual Discussion 
Yup. This can be achieved quite simply without anything exotic, though.
Tar your truly secret plaintext all up, and encrypt it with a header-less
symmetric algorithm, to create a ciphertext. Store that ciphertext on a
USB key. Create a decoy tarball, and XOR it with the ciphertext,
essentially using the ciphertext as a one-time pad, and store the result
on your laptop. When asked what these random encrypted files are, you XOR
them together to produce the decoy. Simply deny that there is a passphrase
involved at all.
For clueless border control, this would be sufficient. Even for
crypto-savvy interrogators, it may be nice: you're using no special
software or algorithms, so its perhaps easier to plausibly deny any other
Dedicated deniable encryption systems are really only worthwhile when,
upon capture, you're going to try to game your interrogators, and feed
them disinformation, and keep them guessing.

@_date: 2016-09-24 01:14:22
@_author: all mountable separately and usable 
@_subject: Re: JY vs Sea Sea vs Actual Discussion 
I've been toying with libgcrypt, lately. Mostly to refresh my 'C' after a
long, long love affair, turned dirty mouth-spitting fuck-fest with python.
It's been a long time since I had to do so much fucking book keeping. I
remember why I left C behind.
I'm turning over some ideas for a FUSE-based encrypted filesystem.
To start, I'm building an unencrypted system (so I can hex the block file
and make sure shit is getting stored correctly). The passphrase gets
hashed such that it is used to specify the location in the file for the
root dir entry. Different passwords get you pointed to different roots.
Files are essentially linked lists, pointing to the next block. Allocation
will be intentionally fragmented/random. Once the allocation and
filesystem primitives are debugged, and painted with robust error
checking, it will be trivial to add AES. Chaf data can be added by making
a dir/files with a random password, containing random data. Or hell, keep
the password, and
be able to delete the chaf if you needed to free up space.
I'm toying with how I might use Shamir's secret sharing scheme as well.
You'd need N-of-M images (all mountable separately and usable) but when
brought together, allow you to decrypt a root dir that you wouldn't be
able to decrypt separately.
So, from a deniability standpoint, you can choose to claim you have no
"random" chaff meant to thwart cryptanalysis. You have your encrypted dir
(which you were forth-coming with), and the other data requires a
different file, which you don't have.
Provides for some more nuanced game theory at the interrogation phase when
being coerced into giving up keys.
And usable secret sharing at an FS level is cool by itself.
As of now the plan is to have a plaintext descriptive header, and
allocation table. I can't think of any ways that an allocation table would
be useful for cryptanalysis. In the end, all it really does is let you
ignore the blocks containing 000's (wiping/secure deletion by default)..
and you'd be ignoring them anyhow..

@_date: 2016-09-29 06:29:36
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
I don't expect anyone, to do anything. Except die. That we all have in
common, at least thus far.
As far as 'intellectual honesty' goes, well isn't that rich. A large part
of intellectual honesty is not allowing one's personal beliefs to get in
the way, and to remain unbiased.
It's obvious that you do not do this. You have a belief in rationality,
especially the idea that rationality forms some type of foundational core
of the humans, and that has gotten in the way of our discussion.
If you were really intellectually honest, you'd leave your rationality at
the door.
You know, its amusing to me how much you belabor Brown, it really is..
because he is no idol of mine. I'm loathe to give away the game here, but
in fact, I hadn't been thinking about his work at all, until I went on
Youtube to try to find an entirely different video of a mugging I had
seen, and found his wallet video. So I posted it.
But its good you find entertainment. I'm glad. That is the first positive
thing you've managed to muster. So, I'm happy to have helped you.
I know you don't believe that 7+10=5.

@_date: 2016-09-29 05:36:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
What can I say, you get me so flustered, its tough to think with you
around, hot pants.
Linear thinkers are so predictable. You really should spend some time on
7+10=5. It would pay off more.
And BAE doesn't fight anyone. They simply supply to those who do. And I
don't work with, or get involved with militaries, their suppliers, or
their flunkies.
I do, however, contract with a variety of firms, from time to time.
Sometimes in less than prestigious industries, like marketing. Sometimes,
far more interesting areas.
You can hold that against me, if you choose, but I'd expect something
different from a good Adam Smith libertarian. Then again, we both know you
don't believe that.
You're too wet pants scared to believe in anything. That's OK honey, I'll
rock you to sleep and sing you a lullaby.

@_date: 2016-09-29 04:57:37
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Well, OK, I'll do bare back.. but I want proof you test clean first.

@_date: 2016-09-29 00:31:34
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Does this mean we're breaking up again?
Never claimed I was enlightened, big boy. Most of it, I only get on an
intellectual level. A little of it, after a great amount of work, I
understand intuitively. It's a process.
Never claimed I was Buddhist. I've studied Buddhism, as I have psychology,
and mathematics. I'm not a psychologist, nor mathematician, either. For
that matter, I've gotten laid, but I'm not a porn star.. but hey, we can
work on that, right sweetie?
But none of this really matters, honey. I've already come to understand
that you're deathly afraid of sharing any real opinions, much less
experiences that you might base them on. One day you'll grow up to be a
big boy, and then we can have some real fun, once you're not jail bait.
toodooloo, sweetums.

@_date: 2016-09-28 22:07:29
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
How wonderfully apropos! First time I went to a strip club as a kid, I
remember one of the dancers doing a routine to this song.
ha! no accounting for coincidence, I guess.

@_date: 2016-09-28 21:39:38
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Oh, I know. I was following his lead in being willfully obtuse and missing
the point on purpose. I figured he'd appreciate it. Maybe should have gone
with my first instinct.

@_date: 2016-09-28 21:13:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Oh how I do love these teenage boys and their constant hard-on for a fuck

@_date: 2016-09-28 20:59:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
So, uh.. what about that drink baby?
And afterwards, I promise to be gentle.

@_date: 2016-09-28 20:54:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
That's OK. I don't mind if you sleep around, sweetheart.
And I love a man that can whisper sweetly in Spanish to me. I'll have a
margarita with you any day, sugar tits.

@_date: 2016-09-28 20:40:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
I knew you wouldn't be able to stay away from the sweet, sweet lovin' very
long Juan. Some loves are meant to last.
See? No tragedy. Breakups don't have to last forever.
Yeah. The Dumbfuck perspective. I murder you to get a watch. I benefit, in
the sense I have a watch now. I don't benefit in the sense that I now have
to watch my ass for cops, murder charges, and so on. Perspective.
As I've said repeatedly on this topic: what you consider a positive or a
negative is based largely on the perspective, point of view, and most
importantly the ramifications that you're looking at.
Well, if you're looking at it in a purely monetary fashion, you may be
right. When one takes in the other facets it may not be so clear. Does
abusing slaves daily make you the type of person likely to abuse their
children? People say this of mistreatment of animals, for example. Seems
likely. You might classify this as a lose of humanity, type of thing. That
is certainly a type of damage to them.
Then there is the long-term financial impact. Most wealthy types don't
just wish to see themselves get wealthy, individually, they seek to
establish a dynasty. They want to put their children, and grandchildren,
into positions of power. This was certainly compromised.
There are a lot of ways in which the slave owners were harmed.
And, to be clear: I make, and have made, no claims that the harm will be
equal, or proportional. It is certainly possible to harm someone more than
one is harmed yourself. But there is harm.
Oh c'mon .. you know what I meant, tiger. The only people able to vote,
the only ones who legally counted in any respect, were the white,
land-owning, males. They held a great deal of wealth, proportionally,
across America as I understand it. That is no longer the case.
Indeed. Too bad you lack the ability to see the use of so-called circular
logic. Still struggling with 7+10=5, I take it? Take your time.
As for the 'power grab' considering that a great deal of the schism was
centered around state's rights, its obvious that the southerners, then -
as now - considered that a type of harm.
Which is another point, in itself. Harm is relative, in the sense that the
same action applied to one may not be considered harm by another. BSDM
being the obvious example, but it applies in other areas as well. Not that
this has anything to do with slavery, but it does have to do with the
perceptions of harm; vis-a-vis a "strong" vs. "weak" federal government.

@_date: 2016-09-28 02:35:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
I find it difficult to imagine an America without slaves without also
imagining a British Empire for whom the sun may have never set.
Truly. The harm done to slaves, and to Native Americans, can be seen as a
cause in the ultimate dissolution of the British Empire, the nation which
is most largely responsible instituting the practice in North America.
The continuance of it, led to economic prosperity in the States, and also
civil war, and a recession that was termed the Great Depression, until
that term was recycled for use to refer to the recession of the 1930s.
But you're right, and I'm not looking to play games with alternate
history. The point that I was making is that the harm you do will result
in negative consequences for yourself.. this operates at a personal level,
social level, and yes.. a historical level.
I find it obvious, and I suspect the Indian people did as well, and that
this observation was the seed for their idea of karma. A notion that
expands this basic observation into the unobservable "spiritual realms",
with all the hokum and hand-waving that necessarily entails.

@_date: 2016-09-27 16:41:49
@_author: at the time 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Alas, the webmail client here doesn't seem to be that flexible.
I haven't read that. Seems like it would be interesting, however. I stayed
on a commune, some years back. I met a young woman, who was 19 when she
moved to the commune, with her (at the time) new born son. She was 27, and
finishing up a masters in biotech. She had decided that an unplanned
pregnancy wasn't going to make her give up her dreams, and found a way to
make it all work by having the commune help provide the day-care while she
was at school, and helping to provide labor to the commune in the
The boy was amazing. I often watched him, fascinated, at how he seemed
perfectly nimble. He could play with children, be silly, and altogether a
normal kid -- and take a break from running around to come talk to the
adults and engage in quite sophisticated conversation for his age.
I often think of them when people bring up such notions, that how people
are raised at a micro-level will have macro-level effects. I tend to
agree, but haven't seen a systematic treatment of the subject. I'll try to
find that book. It would be interesting.
I would add that 'educational' institutions play a large role, as well..
but in modern society, they are equally a part of the child-rearing. Some
might say more so than parents.
Well yes, and some to a 'greater' or 'lesser' degree.
I tend to take the later perspective. I find most human endeavor to be
marked by the folly of believing it to be something other than human
endeavor. So, the religious will claim its the truth of the spiritual
world. So the mathematicians have some odd neo-Platonic view that they are
"discovering" new things, rather than merely playing abstract word games
to describe patterns. The pattern doesn't exist, things that (seem) to fit
the pattern do.
Yes, the assholes looking to prove themselves. I've never been sympathetic
to that point of view, so much.
I can even deal with that, so long as they can deal with me joshing about
rather spending time with strippers and rockstars in the basement than the
boring pious doing bible study upstairs.
Well, I wasn't even thinking just those circles. It's conceivable a Nazi
might want to, say, I don't know.. honestly I've having trouble coming up
with a realistic example because of the whole Nazi thing. But, I like to
think I could set aside my distaste for that ideology and look at what the
person does, practically, more so than what nonsense they "believe."
Because, in my view, all belief is nonsense. Including the belief that
belief is nonsense. I'm sure there are beliefs worthwhile, I'm just not
convinced humans have a way to know for sure what they are. It's all just
people talking out of their asses.
I tend to look at, well on the average what does belief X encourage its
adherents to DO. Nazism gets a low grade by that standard. But a Nazi who
DOESN'T DO things I find egregious? I like to think I can not be
prejudiced against nonsense at that point.
Now that you mention it, that may be another useful metric for giving
someone/something a low grade.

@_date: 2016-09-27 16:02:27
@_author: if I'm not mistaken 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
I'll leave out your contortions of things I've said, willful ignorance of
what I meant, and your attacks. They aren't worth the time. There were,
however, two useful morsels in amongst the mess, otherwise:
Big picture: the harm they did led to a civil war which enabled their
federal government in a power grab.
Small scale perspective? Yeah, they benefited. Larger scale? No, they lost
a great deal, and the American south went from being wealthy to being
Thanks for the wonderful example, in fact.
Another perfect example of you putting words in my mouth, and then running
with it "as my enlightened opinion" ..
I don't think Putin is a sociopath. I don't think Hillary is a sociopath.
I have no way to judge since I've never met either of them. I only have
media  which propagandizing ideologues have spun  one way or the other to
try to make me think one thing or the other. Knowing that, I know that I
know nothing of the truth of the matter. Nor do you. But your ideology
makes you think you do.
But, even if Putin is truly, a kind, caring man.. what does that have to
do with not being an ideologue, worrying about the "evil of the West", or
being able to sit down, and play a position on the chess board?
Nothing, of course. Nothing at all. He can do those things, and not be a
sociopath. He can work in his country's best interests - i.e. do his job,
without getting distracted by that.
You can't stay on topic, on thread you started (if I'm not mistaken),
without going into notions of moral relativity and philosophy and good vs.
evil and all sorts of irrelevant shit.
Because you're an ideologue. Putin, is not.

@_date: 2016-09-27 15:44:56
@_author: is that objective? you decide 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
No, you're perfectly entitled to an opinion. But it seems stupid to me to
me, to ask someone's opinion, and then take a self-righteous attack stance
towards it.
I don't mind, in the sense that it "hurts my feelings" or something. It is
just stupid, unproductive, and is more of an ego-trip than any real
attempt at a "meeting of the minds."
I disagree. "Moral relativism" is the position that moral judgments are
relative to a time, place, culture, etc.
I do not hold this view. It is not that moral judgments are only
meaningful given a relative frame of reference, it is that they are not
meaningful at all because that frame of reference is bogus.
One might well say I'm a moral objectivist, in that sense. I believe that
moral judgments, if they are to be meaningful at all, must take into
account the big picture. That is the only frame of reference worth
considering, the difficulty of finding that perspective notwithstanding.
My job, as I see it, for myself - is to find synthesis, in myself, for all
those scary contradictions that people like you tend to want to avoid.
You might say my view is this: the big picture is the only framework from
which to make a moral judgment (is that objective? you decide). But, one
must understand that as a human there is always a bigger perspective than
what you can know. There is always a BIGGER picture, and in that way is
relative to whatever smaller picture you've decided to content yourself
with, because at some point you decided that a certain ideology was
sufficient to explain the world.
You find this to be a bad thing. I do not.
And your penchant for being first with the insults and personal attacks
undermines your "meeting of the minds" bullshit too.
You think you see me. But you can't: you can't even see past complementary
notions, instead getting blocked by your concept of "contradiction."
And, for the record, the men I met with didn't strike me as sociopaths.
Rather, they struck me simply as men dedicated to an ideology.
No. You had fun in putting words in my mouth to make your assumptions fit,
wildly misconstruing what I've said. I've never called anyone here a
"beta" .. nor included myself as an "alpha" for example. But it makes it
convenient for you launch attacks.
 Coming from a propagandizing ideologue that takes everything so
seriously and can't have fun with a few complementary ideas and sees only
contradiction? That is rich.
Has it occurred to you that part of my seeming contradictions are a way to
have fun, and poke fun not only at myself, but the entire pursuit of such
so-called philosophizing and questions about "moral relativity?"
In point of fact, laughing at yourself is the surest way to remember that
your woefully limited, tiny, human perspective isn't the big picture. It
is a great tonic against ideology. So why then, are you such an ideologue?
You want me to own being a moral relativist? I disagree, but I can
understand how someone might think that. I think this is a misconception,
naturally. But I'm perfectly willing to admit I may be wrong. Obviously,
like anyone else, I don't think I'm wrong. If I did, I'd adopt a new
position that is different, and then I'd be right. So I still wouldn't be
wrong. Everyone does this sort of thing. In that sense, no one is ever
wrong in their own mind. Which is exactly what makes all of this nonsense
State your opinion. Listen to an opinion. Ask questions. Answer questions.
Criticisms, attempts to disprove, and so on.. it's rather childish. It's
unproductive. And yes, like many childish, unproductive things, it can be
play and rather fun. And it can also be repetitious, and annoying.
But ideologues aren't playful, and aren't having fun. They take it
seriously. Because their ideology is the truth.
So how about you own being a propagandizing ideologue, or at least
understand that people will see you that way?
Is that a fair enough "meeting of the minds?"

@_date: 2016-09-27 14:14:12
@_author: while unemployed 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
I cannot imagine how terrible it must be, to hold any type of concept, and
feel the need to force it on others, as you routinely do. I suspect that
is why you feel that by me simply stating my opinion, that you asked for,
that you feel that I'm trying to force it on you.
Just because I don't moralize, or focus on ideology, doesn't mean I don't
have beliefs in those areas. I just tend to keep that shit to myself.
Until twats ask.
It just means I don't feel the need to force them down people's throats,
or, especially, to insult them, for having them. I insult twats for how
they act, not what a twat believes.
You asked for my opinion on such philosophical notions, so I gave it. If
you were intellectually honest, you wouldn't try to claim that I'm forcing
this stuff down your throat.
Don't want to hear it? I don't want to type it. Stop fucking asking, then.
Because, it would seem, you have the pathological need to do so. I told
juan to 'stand up' .. because I believe he can. I would tell you to rest
in the dirt, like the worm you portray yourself to be, but that I wouldn't
wish your presence on the worms.
And I loved the bit about me working for the state, mate.. fucking
brilliant. People that know me in RL would literally LOL at that.
True story: when between jobs once, I got approached by a recruiter, for a
major defense contractor. I went through the long interview process, was
offered the job, and then riffed on the scene from Good Will Hunting when
he turns down the NSA. Almost 4 months worth of BS with these guys,
grueling interviews and the expense (while unemployed) to travel to meet
them.. for one reason: my own personal satisfaction to see the stunned
look on their twat faces.
If believing those that disagree with you to be state agents makes you
feel real important, go right ahead.
But, it is just another delusion. This one, married to an imbecile.

@_date: 2016-09-27 05:32:09
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Of course!
Of course not! :) .. the way far-out example I usually give to this is
someone like a serial killer. If they were sexually, physically, and
mentally abused by their mother for years, and then she dies before he's
had a chance to confront her in any way, it is easy to see how someone
might feel a deep hatred and intense, driving compulsion -- an incredible
hunger -- that can only be sated by killing prostitutes that happen to
look vaguely like his mother did.
I can understand compulsions. Hungers.  I can understand that, left to his
own devices, it is impossible for him to resist that urge for long.
None of that understanding means that I think they shouldn't be locked up,
of course.
But neither am I so swift at judging him in the emotional way that people
do, calling him a monster. He's not a monster. He's a human being. One
that was broken before he knew how to talk, probably.
Not that I'm above finding people monstrous.
Indeed. I tend to look at things in terms of, what can we work together
on, rather than what can we fight/argue about. I'm not interested, at all,
in "converting" a die-hard National party type to my way of thinking. Nor
am I interested in destroying someone's religious faith. They are entitled
to their beliefs. I don't need them to agree with me to validate my own.
To me, its rather like being the type of asshole that needs to get into
bar fights and all that nonsense. Just a deeply frustrated person looking
to prove themselves.
To the extent that a good, Church-going Christian and I can work together
to DO something we both want to do, I'm happy. I'll even make small
changes to my behavior to accommodate their sensibilities, if needed. I'd
certainly have no issue with not swearing, for example. Other things I
wouldn't change..for example there are some people.. women, and homosexual
men.. that I give hugs to when I greet them.
Hell, I like to THINK that I'd be OK with working with a Nazi who wanted
to do something positive too.
That is an excellent point. In his defense, I'd just say that from what
I've seen of him, in unscripted exchanges, he seems far more erudite, and
together than any Western politician I'm familiar with. Not that I'm a
student of such things, so I could certainly be out of my depth on that.

@_date: 2016-09-27 04:49:18
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
No. Moral relativists believe all moral codes of behavior are subjective,
and intrinsically equivalent, and cannot be judged nor ranked. I hold no
such opinion.
If really pressed, I suppose I would say that I think that moral codes
are, at their core, ..illusions.. but that isn't really the right word. I
guess the word I'm looking for is "artifacts." Yes, I like that. Artifacts
in the sense that morality appears due to a fundamental deficiency in our
way of observing and thinking about the world: the difficulty in
appreciating "the big picture." And the possibility for the double
entendre in terms of an object made by a human being, and typically old
and culturally normative, tickles my fancy for word play. And such
artifacts can be disturbingly grotesque, and immensely beautiful. Yes. I
think "artifact" is the perfect, actually.
There is behavior. Some of it is destructive, some of it is beneficial.
The difficulty is that people believe they can somehow be destructive to
others, while benefiting themselves. They believe this is true, because
they are unable to see the big picture. It is not possible to harm someone
else, without harming oneself; try as you might, be as cunning as you
dare, it is futile. When one sees this, one sees morality for what it is:
a set of arbitrary, and usually senseless delusional notions, needed to
compensate for a basic futility that people persist in engaging in.
Morality is the marriage of a delusion, to a futility.
The irony is that once perceived, the only sensible way to behave -
regardless of the outcome, is to try to benefit as many people as
possible, in all circumstances. A way of acting that most people would
consider quite moral. It is similar, I think, to the people who get into
the free will/determinism thing, and find that by really believing that
their actions  are pre-determined, they become 'courageous' enough to be
spontaneous, and therefore, free.
So, there is that. But that isn't even what I meant.
What I meant is, I do not believe the influential decision makers and
policy makers make a great concern for applying a moral code when making
geopolitical decisions. Rather, they define aims, and try to find
strategies to meet those aims. Some strategies they may reject, perhaps
even on moral grounds, and will then pursue some other strategy. But, when
there is only ONE workable strategy, regardless of the morality of it, it
will get put in place. Because the important aspect is not morality, it is
Therefore, in my analysis of geopolitical happenings, I try to leave
moralizing,  ideology, and even my own opinion, out of it.. or at least
relegate it to a side bar, or after thought. As it has no bearing on "that
world" it is superfluous, and even misleading, in analyzing it. It leads
to ideological propaganda, and so on. Such things make it too easy to
generalize about "The Americans" or "The Russians" .. speaking of
cultures, rather than the powerful few who actually do this stuff.
If you think Putin spends a great deal of time thinking of "combating the
evil of the West" you may want to reconsider. I would suspect that Putin
spends his time analyzing how to counter the aims of rival nations. He
thinks of it, just in those terms.

@_date: 2016-09-27 02:59:10
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
OK, I can understand that.
Yes, there is a lot of ideological stuff like that here, it seems. I look
at geopolitics from a merely strategic point of view, believing that the
military planners and people in power tend to look at it in those terms
rather than believing the bullshit that they tell the public. How could
they? Many of them, no doubt, have contact with the media and have
directed them what to say, in some way or another.
I would add, however, that from what I can tell, Putin is out-classing the
West at nearly every turn. If there are any politicians in the U.S. that
have a chance of out-thinking the man, I haven't heard of them.

@_date: 2016-09-24 08:42:23
@_author: on the whole 
@_subject: Re: [RUS] Putin - the most moderate Russian politician acceptable to the Russian public 
Straw man implies I'm arguing with you, or trying to refute your opinion.
I'm just having a discussion, and the "Putin good man / bad man" thing was
mostly to clarify my own position, as I had just stated my opinion of some
of his positive qualities.
Right. You name them. It's your opinion. I may even agree with that
opinion. But I am operating from the standpoint where I understand that
others have different opinions, and may name things in exactly the reverse
That's why I meant by there are no good guys and bad guys in geopolitics.
American's are going to (on the whole) support America. Russians are, on
the whole, going to support Russia.
As I understand it, people tend to support their local sports teams too.
Surely. My point was more in regards to the "since perestroika" part.
Mainly that, since those times, Russian/American opinions of each have
been up, and been down; whereas it sounded like you are presenting the
idea that Russian's opinion of America has steadily declined.
From my understanding, that is not the case.
Agreed. He is playing for his team.
I'm sure someone like Kissinger would argue Soros is playing for the other
I tend to agree. We have similar definitions of worth.
Depends on who you talk to. Russians in the West certainly don't, that
I've talked to.
It's a development.
Some years ago, I was living in New York City. I sat in a bar once,
talking the piss with a couple of guys that were older than I. One, a
former U.S. marine. The other, a former Russian soldier. We sat around,
getting a bit tossed, telling jokes and having a good time.
The conversation turned to their pasts, when the subject of their military
backgrounds came up, and it turned out that they had both served in their
respective forces at the same time. I shut the fuck up, first, not having
any inclinations to military type loyalties, and because I was curious how
this whole thing was going to go down now that we'd both had a good number
of drinks.
The American observed that, he was glad the world turned out the way it
did and that we were all having a good laugh, and that a "bunch of rat
bastard politicians" didn't make him have to kill the Russian guy. The
Russian poked back in good nature, saying he was glad that he didn't have
to try, because the American would surely have lost, sort of thing. Just a
bit of guy bravado and joshing around.
Just as they started to move the conversation away from all that .. I
piped back up and offered:
Yeah, but think back to your time in the service. Think back to when you
were in it. Back then, you would have never believed you'd be sitting here
having a drink together, laughing. Back then, they had you hating each
other before you even met.
They got quiet. Somber. I let them stew for a bit, and then ordered
another round and offered a toast 'So here's to the rat bastards who are
smart enough to trick us all, but not smart enough to run the world like a
proper clock.. at least the cunts haven't fucked up the booze yet!'
Which brought back around the revelry.
THAT was a positive development.

@_date: 2016-09-24 08:17:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [RUS] Putin - the most moderate Russian politician acceptable to the Russian public 
I disagree.
On a personal level, right and wrong certainly exist. I believe this is
the only plane where morality has any real meaning.
On a geopolitical level, good and evil are meaningless, UNLESS you make
the simple statement that ALL states are evil. That I can agree with. Like
street gangs, for instance.
But once you're IN that game, there is no more good and evil. There is our
gang, and their gang. We compete, and that's the game.
Like chess.
I was never much a fan of chess. Simulated war game silliness. Nor sports
like football where you're running back and forth towards opposing goals,
and playing at invading territory.
Cricket and baseball are more my speed. You share the field, and take
turns being on the top of the mound, and getting shit thrown at you. It
has an element of team play, and an element of one-on-one competition
while the team stands around.

@_date: 2016-09-24 01:29:33
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [RUS] Putin - the most moderate Russian politician acceptable to the Russian public 
Meh. Early in Putin's reign, when eastern bloc countries were all joining
NATO, there was a widely done poll amongst Russians in their attitude
towards the West. I forget the exact numbers, but it was generally
favorable overall, with support for Russia joining the EU "some day." The
results went up dramatically when focusing on younger generations.
Years later, it's a whole different story. For that matter, Americans had
generally favorable view of Russia back then, too. Relentless state
propaganda is quite effective.
And I don't fault Putin for the propaganda, nor his distrust of the West.
I'd distrust an alliance that is putting rockets withing striking distance
of  my capital as well. Largely, I think he's a very smart man, and a good
But Putin isn't the good guy. There are no fucking good guys and bad guys.
There are just guys, playing chess. White moves first, then black. Rooks.
Queens. Castling. Good and bad, right and wrong, don't enter the equation.
Whose the good guy, and whose the bad guy is the wrong question.
The appropriate question is: are these players actually trying to win
against each other, or is it an exhibition match for show, to keep people
glued to the board while each side sells merchandising, and makes movies
about who is, or is not, the good guy.

@_date: 2016-09-29 12:39:28
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Yahoo is sued for gross negligence over huge hacking 
Meh. Nowhere near lucrative enough. I can beat that 'handily' with regular
sperm donations.

@_date: 2016-09-28 19:55:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Yahoo is sued for gross negligence over huge hacking 
Give the grandfather's situation, I can understand the suit in this case.
Personally though, as much as I dislike Windows, Win10 has been a pleasant
experience for me comparative to XP, 7, and especially 8. Granted, I don't
have a great deal of use for Windows generally, and my usage is restricted
to inside VMs. Dunno what it would be like on the iron.
Nevertheless, it is pretty cool to get a check from Microsoft.

@_date: 2016-09-29 13:02:08
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Buddy of moved into a sweet gig. After years of 'serious' admin work, he
was burnt out, and took a gig at a local hospital.
6 months later, the director of IT for that hospital up and quit. Or up
and died. No one really knows. Went on vacation, and no one has heard from
him since.
Anyhow, he got moved right in as director.
Most people that are really good with computers go after the IT industry
work. If you're good, you'll find you're likely the best if you're working
for hospitals, real estate firms, law offices, that sort of thing.

@_date: 2016-09-29 03:25:48
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Just pointing out that not all places are super-competitive.
Yup. The hows/whats/whys of the data they collect is interesting.
I contracted with them for a period. Last time I knew, their security
wasn't so hot, in case anyone is bored.
BAE needs Linux guys if you can pass the security clearance. There are two
projects that I know are current: creating a nuclear sub training
simulator, and embedded programming to create a new electronic lock.
I'm not a real fan of the marketing industry myself, but I have far fewer
qualms with that than working for a weapons manufacturer.

@_date: 2016-09-29 01:23:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
In my experience that is an accurate description of probably 90% of the
industry to some degree or another. That seems to be changing, rapidly,
There are a few New York based startups I'm familiar with that have a VERY
strict "leave your ego at the door" type policy. If they get the slightest
hint of competitiveness in the interview process, you're done.. no matter
how good your chops are.
Very cool people. Very chill environment.
Bluecore is one of them. They're hiring. I won't give the others because,
I still have relationships with them. But Bluecore is awesome, and it
isn't hard to find the others if you Google around.

@_date: 2016-09-28 04:23:13
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Interesting points.
I would take a small amount of exception to the idea that such Things are
low-reward though. I mean, I guess it really depends on what you're
looking for.
0wning a fat database server or web head farm is great, except its real
public. People are going to be getting in there, doing upgrades, analyzing
performance, and so on. There is always the outstanding chance that you'll
get expunged, either because you get found, or because they upgrade
hardware and/or software, and redeploy their work. Either way, its just a
matter of time before you lose access.
On the other hand, getting a set-top box, or some other embedded platform
is a different story. No one is looking at those things. They are
more-or-less completely off the radar. Root one, and you have it until the
device goes offline. Set it up to listen on a Tor hidden service on
startup, and you'll probably have access even if it hits the used market
and switches physical owners.
That may change some as IoT gets more attention, but for the near-to-mid
future, this problem is only going to get worse.

@_date: 2016-09-29 03:31:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
HEY! Go find your own sailor to flirt with, slut!
But you're right, Juanita sure did knock me out. What stamina! I haven't
been fucked like that since middle school! Grrr.. you go tiger!

@_date: 2016-09-30 02:11:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Memory Hole 
Well, if we're speaking of disassociative / depersonalized states
generally, I quite agree. But my understanding is that 'fugue' states
refer to a rather rare sub-type specifically characterized by amnesia.
Yes, like most things in psychology there is a sliding scale for
everything. Generally not considered a disorder until it comes into more
acute forms, though.
Mmm. Yeah I believe that. Seems to me that computers, mathematics, music..
those types of fields where pattern recognition / development, and extreme
states of concentration are rewarded, tend to be attractive to -- and
indeed, at their highest states, often only navigable by, people who tend
to think very differently from the norm and may have some cross over with
those at risk for such "disorders."

@_date: 2016-09-30 01:13:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Memory Hole 
When I first heard he died, I read a few articles that were kicking around
about it, and his family and friends had mentioned it, along with his
financial troubles. Or, at least I seem to remember it that way, at any
Yeah, it could be.. but it doesn't take something as extreme, or rare, as
a disassociative state to explain this, I don't think.
Hard drinking and clinical depression alone is really enough, by itself.
If you're trying to numb depression over losing a loved one while having
your finances get all fucked is enough to drive a lot people over the edge
in one way or another, especially if you're the type of person that bases
their self-worth on such things. Which, in our society, unfortunately, is
most people.
The again, a sudden shattering of self-worth can be the type of thing to
cause a disassociative state, so .. who knows.

@_date: 2016-09-29 23:05:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Memory Hole 
Well, considering that he was taking it hard, it would seem he didn't
consider her a bitch/cunt. Or were you just showing your misogynistic side
because no sane female would put up with your shenanigans?
So, quite likely, it would seem the case is that she simply got tired of
dealing with his persistent negativity, combativeness, and completely
worthless sense of how to look at the world, and other people.
Wait.. nevermind. I got the two of you confused. Probably she was just
looking for someone with a bigger cock.
Wait.. no, no.. I'm obviously still confused..
Uhm.. oh, whatever.

@_date: 2016-09-29 22:40:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Memory Hole 
Just checked the wiki. It's a bit limited. Prior to his suicide, he split
up with his long-time partner Debra (Debian was named as a combination of
their names), had taken it hard as most long-term mid-life breakups tend
to do, and was apparently soon to be evicted from his mansion, and had
taken to the bottle.
I'm not aware of any projects that he was currently involved with that
would have led to any interest in him by.. state actors.
As far as I can tell, its just the sad case of a man who suffered the
greatest pain one can. To lose no longer be able to afford the pricetag of
what one has, and to lose what is priceless.

@_date: 2016-10-17 03:13:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] [HISTORY] Afganistan, Russia, USSR, Lybia, WW2, pre-WW2 - "Why do they hate us so?" 
Yup. A large percentage of people fall for some type of
cult-of-personality. And those movements or ideologies that don't start
with explicit leaders, end up electing certain figures by consensus
opinion, and then quoting them as authorities, and using their words to
justify one's own opinions or beliefs. The amount of 'atheists' that
piously quote Dawkins, for instance, is always amusing to me.
Excellent point. At bottom, truly anti-Orthodox opinions in general stay
strictly the domain of a small percent of truly free thinkers.
Mm. Talk less. Meditate more.
What we need then is a conspiracy of well-placed scientists and doctors to
isolate those genetic markers, keep the work secret, and to create a
retrovirus that can unleashed to cause the required DNA rewrite. That
technology could be close, as well.
Genetically cross the pig and a songbird.

@_date: 2016-10-10 15:16:33
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
I do, in fact, volunteer some of my free time helping the mentally
Apparently it's become an obsession, as I'm posting here as well.

@_date: 2016-10-06 03:31:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I never claimed I am enlightened, or possess superior knowledge. This
whole thing started merely by you taking issue with certain
inconsistencies that derive from my reasoning from multiple, conflicting
assumptions, simultaneously. I'll return to this below. I then simply
pointed out I don't have a problem with this, as I keep in mind the
limitation of logic, and rationality.
But yes - my opinion is my own. It is not inherently any better than
anyone else's. To the extent that your opinions, and approaches work for
you, quite good. I don't require you to agree with me. I never have. I've
simply sought to explain things that you ask about.
I got a kick out of this because, in fact, one Zen adherent once described
enlightenment as just like ordinary experience, except about 2 inches off
the floor.
So, about reasoning from conflicting ideas. Imagine a 30's mafioso type,
obviously engaged in crime, who also is dealing drugs against his
'family's' wishes. He keeps a piece of tape or something on his door to
verify if someone got into his apartment. He comes home one day to find
the tape disturbed. He then reasons this way:
1. It could have been the cops.
2. It could have been my competition.
3. It could have been Don Corleone
4. I could have failed to set the tape right.
5. It could be something else I've failed to consider.
He can assign probabilities that he deems reasonable to these different
assumptions, but he has no way to verify those probabilities. He can't
verify any of them directly, can't just go to the cops or his competition
and ask, and son.
In reasoning about his best course of action, he may decide to do
something that seems counter-intuitive, or "irrational" from the outside,
like approaching his competition and selling his existing stash at a loss,
and then even doing repeat business. From the outside, it might look
insane -- but really he's reasoning this way: if  I can lead the cops
away from my supplier and maybe make the cops think I'm doing business
with my competition instead. I take a loss, but if  I keep my connect
and I'm in business still. Simultaneously, if  I may have the
opportunity to pick up a read on if it was them, so getting contact might
be good. I might be fucked no matter what if it was  but doing business
sets me up for a potential alibi, as I can claim my primary motivation was
intelligence gathering, or sniffing out defectors, or whatever.
Or, he may choose two seemingly inconsistent courses of action
simultaneously, to hedge and so on.
By reasoning from incomplete, uncertain information - as we often must,
tolerance for inconsistency becomes important, and enables discriminating
among available courses of action, or available beliefs.
Now, I'm quite sure you'll have nothing to say about this except something
stupid about my choice of a mafioso for an example. That's why I tried to give an example of a mafioso, in fact. I actually tried coming up with
some examples about how Winston may have reasoned if he had a tip off
about the Thought Police, but that scenario is more difficult because of
the essential fact that Big Brother is watching you, and already knows.

@_date: 2016-10-05 20:12:00
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: ATM fees averaging over $4.50 
Yeah, it sucks. Some cities I visit don't have local branches for my bank,
so in those cases, I take to making my max withdrawal of cash generally
once per month. If I don't spend it all, good .. I have some around the
following month. Beats racking the ATM charges.
Bitcoin is great, and all -- but I'm sure if it ever becomes ubiquitous
and NEEDED in every day life, those charges are going to skyrocket, as

@_date: 2016-10-05 19:23:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: misogyny 
I'd like to publicly apologize.
It has been brought to my attention that certain comments I've made were
potentially hurtful towards women. To any that I've offended, I apologize.
I'll refrain from such excesses, even if they were meant only to pantomime
the liberal use of "whore, bitch, cunt" and so on by others.
While I'm a big believer in fighting fire with fire, as it were, there is
also wisdom in not adding fuel to the fire.

@_date: 2016-10-02 19:34:59
@_author: will be 
@_subject: Re: You could (will be) replaced by a robot coder 
I certainly won't argue with that. I would point out, however, that these
sorts of ulterior motives are essentially always present in any group
purportedly trying to "help humanity." Your observations about mega-rich
philanthropists is well-noted.
But for example, among the religious there are those that say "our way is
the only real truth."  These groups then go on to try to convert others,
ostensibly for their own good, but really because "winning souls" becomes
a competitive game. Then you have the religious that say "Oh, we believe
there are many paths to God" .. they are playing a game too, this game
simply being "I'm more tolerant than you are" and this allows them to
believe that they are more loving than their intolerant opposites.
Likewise, amongst the political activist community, one sees the same
holier-than-thou mentality. So-and-so is *REALLY* committed, because they
will live in a squat, or will intentionally get arrested, or whatever.
All of this is an expression of the effects of simple human ego.
Certainly, we can agree that some of these are less problematic than
others, but I think that they all share the same difficulty at scale, and
so we see all types of oppression by oligarchs, theocrats, and political
purges whenever one of these groups gets any real control, or power.
I would say that any system or ideology which contains some type of metric
for measuring one person better than another will always suffer from these
types of problems in some way or another. Which is a very thorny problem,
it seems, because it is very natural to look at a rapist and say "Yes,
well OBVIOUSLY, I - who would never rape - am BETTER than this bastard."
My personal solution, which I will admit I often fail at, is to try to see
such people not as lessers that I am superior too, but rather as sick
people whom I am healthier than. This helps in the way of compassion, but
may not - in the end, really even solve the problem. As one can see the
egoist perspective at work in the "healthy living" fad popular these days

@_date: 2016-10-07 15:01:49
@_author: 1926-1997 
@_subject: Re: testing 
There was a young man that said, Though
It seems that I know, that I know.
But what I would like to see,
Is the I that knows Me,
When I know that I know, that I know

@_date: 2016-10-07 13:56:08
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: testing 
And in the naked light I saw
Ten thousand people, maybe more
People talking without speaking
People hearing without listening
People writing songs that voices never share
And no one dared
Disturb the sound of silence

@_date: 2016-10-07 19:29:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Sim Theory 
If I'm understanding you correctly, I find I quite agree, but for perhaps
different reasons, because I don't find the implications to be all that
Whether reality is material and we're threatened by cosmic rays, meteors,
or the vagaries of war-mongering, hairless apes with nukes, or whether
reality is immaterial, and we're at the mercy of a simulation, or some
unknowable God, the result is fundamentally the same when you follow it
out: There is no safe place in the universe. There is nothing to grab hold
of. The more we look for safety, the more danger we will find. The more we
try to grab hold of things, the more they will slip away. Death will
overtake every living thing, eventually.
And so, from this, it doesn't matter the slightest to me if reality is a
simulation, or not. For that matter, it doesn't matter in the slightest if
a meteor hits. Or if humanity blows itself up with nukes. I'd prefer my
other humans decided to play better games than Monopoly, Scrabble, or
but it doesn't really matter one way or the other.
We're HERE. NOW - attending a party with some 7 billion or so other
people. So, party, and try to make it a FUN party.

@_date: 2016-10-01 02:43:56
@_author: will be 
@_subject: Re: You could (will be) replaced by a robot coder 
They have an incidence response system that is essentially point and
shoot.. draw the code with diagrams and a library of 45000 modules. The
"AI" platform is quite impressive as well. By far no mere chat bot.. and
they are working on integrating the two systems.
Within 10 years they will be able to automate nearly any business or
computer ops workflow.

@_date: 2016-10-06 02:22:16
@_author: x 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
They don't KNOW. They suspect. Like you suspect the law of
non-contradiction is absolutely, always, in all cases, true.
They can't prove it, or disprove it. They REGARD IT as true. The way you
regard the law of non-contradiction as true.
As formed, no it isn't a Taylor series, exactly. But this particular
system of recurrence relations has all the essential properties, which is
precisely why it forms the basic result. The result of the relations forms
a polynomial by the process of additions and multiplications, essentially,
and if you scaled it appropriately to actually be cos(x) it would be the
Taylor polynomial for cos(x).
Mmm, ok I see what you're getting at. Yes I suppose we can consider
recurrence as feedback. I should have been more specific: uncontrolled
feedback. Precise control of feedback can produce oscillation like this,
but what I was trying get at was the results of unbounded positive
Curves like this are not more "complex" than lines. A line is a polynomial.
Curves like this are just longer polynomials. Lines are differential
everywhere. This curve is differential everywhere.
They are more complex only in the sense that they are longer, and take
more time to compute. But if you can compute a polynomial, you can compute
a line. If you can compute a polynomial, you can compute a curve.
Why shouldn't it? Even looking at your example, your curve provides
periodic behavior that addition and multiplication and line segments don't
These emails are getting long enough as is, I don't feel the need to
respond to every single point, especially when you to make not-so-veiled,
insulting insinuations.
That is no proof. What you call nonsense may just be counter-intuitive, or
unexpected results. Lots of physicists in the early 1900s thought quantum
mechanics couldn't be true, because they dismissed it on its face because
it seemed like nonsense.
There is no particular reason to believe that the universe will adhere to
principles the human mind cooks up.
So, try again. Prove it.
It was never self-evidently true. And again, axioms are REGARDED AS
self-evidently true. A red-green color blind person looks at reddish
leaves in the autumn and green grass and says IT IS SELF-EVIDENT they are
the same color. And they are, according to the apprehension of color blind
people. They are not the same to those that see differently.
Seeming to be, on the surface, according to human senses or the human mind
doesn't mean IS. The fact that something is obvious and self-evident to
YOU, or even the MAJORITY of people, doesn't make it TRUE.
Only according to your opinion, and the opinion of the majority.

@_date: 2016-10-06 01:01:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I unicorn is just a horny horse, and a pegasus is just a horse high on dope.
Rather elementary.

@_date: 2016-10-06 00:45:55
@_author: and snobbish 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I just meant that you might like to add it to your repertoire.
You really don't seem to get it. Essentially ANYTHING that is unprovable
(therefore not disprovable) can be postulated as an axiom.
LOL. That's actually quite funny. I may have to adopt that.
They reject it, in this sense: If the law of non-contradiction is stated
as "No contradictions are true."
They reject - or negate that, so:
"Some contradictions are true." It therefore follows, that "Some
contradictions are false."
Paraconsistent logics are about discriminating true contradictions, from
false ones.
This is your example of linearizing complexity? You consider piece-wise
curve construction and integration complex? My lord, we have work to do.
Sure - simple curves are differentiable, and expressed by approximations -
and if taken to infinitely many terms, there is identity. So, fine - we
have a Taylor series. Quite good. A Taylor series cannot be used to
express a non-differentiable function, however.
For that, we have to level up. Taylor series gives us sine/cosine, and we
must create series of sine/cosine terms in Fourier series to approximate
periodic, non-differentiable functions. And again, with infinitely many
such terms, we get identity.
All quite good - but none of this represents emergent behavior, feedback,
or any type of complexity. It's trivial to find functions or data sets,
that cannot be expressed by Taylor, or Fourier, approximation.
A better example for you would have been one of Wolfram's cellular
automata rules. This would illustrate some real unexpected behavior from
simple rules and conditions. But that would also help prove my point: the
methods and analysis and reasoning that one would
use for simple automata systems -- mere logic -- are not useful to
characterize the overall behavior. For that, the best we can do currently,
is to describe them statistically.
It's not a matter of constructing FORWARD. Yes, one can take simple things
- functions, automata, or whatever .. and scale UP to create complexity.
The point we began at was to DECOMPOSE the complex to the simple. To find
the simple causes for the larger social/governmental/etc interactions.
Well, that is a deep philosophical question, in fact. There are different
answers to it in different philosophical schools and ideas about
MY answer is: Axioms are not true, and are not false. The property of true
and false doesn't apply to them. It is for this reason that they are able
to PROVIDE that property of truth/falsity to other claims, when those
claims are made in reference to a set of axioms.
But because true/false doesn't apply does NOT mean they are arbitrary.
Yes, but no. Perhaps.
But you know what, I'm not going to worry about the fact that you
repeatedly made incorrect statements about axioms before, because you do
it for me again:
No, because they can't. And since you won't accept reference citations of
this, and since you're thick and obviously not listening to me. I'll
listen to YOU. Completely open mind. No agenda.
Prove some, then. Prove either the law of the excluded middle, or the law
of non-contradiction. Your choice.
Prove both? I'll shut up, leave the list, whatever you like, diety.
It can't be done. You're a fool for thinking it can. IF it could be, the
derived axiom would be eliminated from the set of axioms, and called a
theorem. The axioms are the simplest set of unprovable propositions needed
to prove other things. That's the way logic works.

@_date: 2016-10-05 22:18:19
@_author: but not necessarily 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
No, it just means the axioms are incompatible.
And, reductio ad absurdum is quite a  bit more general  than proof by
contradiction, but I won't quibble.
But, since you're familiar with reductio ad absurdum, perhaps you'd also
like to read up on examples of ad hominems as well.
Are they related? Yes, they are among the three classical laws of logic.
That is their relation. Other than that, they do not depend on each other
Holding to them as in some way objective is a matter of tradition,
convenience, and little more than that.
I did ignore it. Because replying was futile with someone who doesn't even
have a grasp of axioms, and proof. But, if you insist:
From the USA/Iran's individual points of view, it is logical and rational
to pursue the stated goals. It is rational for USA to prevent Iran from
obtaining a nuke.
It is rational from Iran's POV to try to acquire one. Having nukes forces
other countries to the negotiating table rather than invasion. Sure, as
you point out, it might speed up invasion -- in to Tehran before they get
a nuke. But if an axiom that Iran is operating by is that sooner or later,
given USA's historical performance in the region, they WILL get invaded
regardless, it is quite rational to try to obtain a nuke to prevent that.
Individually, from different perspectives, and different goals it is
possible to reason to quite different conclusions.
You seem to be taking the position that there is Rational/Logical (note
caps) that somehow transcends these individual frameworks. I don't see it,
and if you really had a clear idea of it on any sort of firm basis, you
ought to write a book -- because no one else has such an idea either.
What is nonsense? The philosophical school of dialetheism? Fine, that is
your opinion. I'll wager you couldn't argue against any of it,
successfully though. But in any case, it is TRUE that this school of
thought exists. And it is TRUE that they reject the classical principle of
non-contradiction; at least within certain bounds.
I didn't ignore it, I was waiting to get some more ground-work covered.
You're right. Some complex systems can be simplified, and linearized and
dealt with that way. But not all can: hence the reason multi-value logics
exist in the first place.
But, more generally, in complex systems there is emergent behavior. One
might state the notion with the old phrase "the whole is greater than the
sum of its parts." The whole can develop properties that none of its parts
have. Moreover this can happen spontaneously, or at least accidentally
apart from the human design. So, the type of thinking or analysis that is
sufficient for a smaller part will not be sufficient for the whole.
You can use quite simple mathematics -- nothing more than algebra, to
characterize an audio amplifier, and an audio microphone. Under the right
conditions, those components will generate feedback -- and at that point,
algebra is entirely insufficient to characterize the system's performance.
In the same way, with governments, social systems, and so on where
emergent behavior and feedback are at play, one needs a wider view than
merely the algebraic philosophical notions that gave rise to a government,
or simple economic modeling only according to one view, and so on.
Wait for it...
There we go.. right. So PROPOSITIONS, then. Statements that ARE REGARDED
(but not necessarily) as self-evidently true.
Not subject to proof, as you claimed. Let's just be clear about that.
You claimed that axioms can be proven. They cannot.
There ARE different systems of logic, with different axioms. The axioms
cannot be PROVEN, and therefore it is a matter of CHOICE which system
you're using. That choice may be for any reason, really. Utility is a good
one, and I've said above with regard to complex systems, but ignorance and
simply not knowing of more than one equally valid.
But that must be set out. There is no objective criteria of which to use.
Denial Denial On Wed, October 5, 2016 6:11 am, YOU said:
Emphasis mine.

@_date: 2016-10-05 21:04:32
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
No, one simply denies them. But, even if one HAD to USE them, that would
not prove them. I might use several axioms to derive a contradiction. If
one of my axioms IS the law of non-contradiction, I can then exclude one,
or more of the axioms to rectify the situation, including the principle of
I'm not aware of any systems of logic that deny the law of identity. It
is, of course, quite foundational. But since you claimed that axioms can
be proven: well go ahead and prove it, then. After all, the burden of
proof is never on the skeptic.
But this all began not with a disagreement over the law of identity, but
over the law of non-contradiction. The principle of non-contradiction IS
denied, by example, in the philosophical school of dialetheism. It is used
in mathematics, as well, in formal paraconsistent logics, which can not
only be inconsistency-tolerant, but also have more states to a proposition
than merely "true" and "false."
These, and other multi-value logics, generally, are useful in a wide area
of mathematics, physics, electronics and so on.
In these complex systems they are quite useful. Why should we not use them
in other complex areas of thought?
Simply because you're not aware of them? Well then, OK. So then we have to
AGREE on which system to use first, then.
I don't either. I've explained several times that axioms are assumptions,
or if you prefer, propositions, and are not subjected to PROOF. You
disagreed, so I quoted sources.
Your statement about axioms was quite wrong. They are not subject to proof.
You're now trying to walk  that back and play a different angle -- one
that I handed to you -- that of self-evidence.
Quite good. Let's continue.
They are self-evident only from a certain way of thinking. For example, in
geometry, a point is axiomatic. An infinitely small object with no
dimension. This is an intellectual abstraction that is self-evident and
meaningful only from the perspective of that intellectual simplification
used in geometry.
Physically, there is nothing with no dimension. From an idealized,
abstracted, way of thinking the existence and meaning of a point is
self-evident. From a physical perspective, it is utter rubbish.
What perspective you have, the way you're approaching a subject, informs
which axioms you'll use as the foundation of your reasoning.
I'm quite aware of that. So? Formal logic, as studied and used by
philosophy, is a branch of mathematics.
And in any case, in philosophy, and informal logic, axioms cannot be
proven, as you have stated.

@_date: 2016-10-05 14:48:12
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Please re-read the definitions.
Yes, the person making the statement believes it to be true (i.e.
apparently true, but not self-evident).
One makes a hypothesis, and then tests it by experiment in order to
establish it - but it is not self-evident.
And note that the word 'connote' is in there, as well.

@_date: 2016-10-05 13:37:50
@_author: unless redundant 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
From the CRC Encyclopedia of Mathematics:
"AXIOM: A proposition regarded as self-evidently true, without proof. The
word "axiom" is a slightly archaic synonym for 'postulate'. Compare
'conjecture' or 'hypothesis', both of which connote apparently true but
not self-evident statements."
From the Wiki:
An axiom or postulate is a statement that is taken to be true, to serve as
a premise or starting point for further reasoning and arguments.
Within the system they define, axioms (unless redundant) cannot be derived
by principles of deduction, nor are they demonstrable by mathematical
proofs, simply because they are starting points; there is nothing else
from which they logically follow otherwise they would be classified as

@_date: 2016-10-05 03:43:03
@_author: or holy 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I take this to mean that you don't believe that logic requires fundamental
assumptions that cannot be proven, but must be agreed upon?
And using figurative language isn't misrepresentation of your position.
You have dismissed as stupid/retarded/nonsense my opinions because they
were not consistent. This is little different than a religious person
dismissing my opinions because they are "sacrilege." They are incompatible
with your system of thought. So, in this way, you quite do put logic on a
If it isn't logical (or holy) it is wrong. That is an accurate summation
of your position, and it is clear that the figurative speech of "putting
logic on a pedestal" .. in fact applies, pointedly.
I didn't hear the legend that way. As I recall it being told, they killed
the guy who discovered it. I'm not sure either version is true, and if I
had to bet, would wager that both are simply fiction.
You accept what, exactly?
I've never claimed that inconsistent statements are superior to consistent
statements, as such. What I claim in that regard is that there are certain
truths that can only be indicated by inconsistent pairs of statements. And
yes, within the context of our discussion, I have favored inconsistency as
a balance to your focus on minutia, mere points of debate, and reliance on
ideological principles which I obviously do not hold, and which therefore
have nothing to do with the actual ideas that you started asking me
questions about.
The reality of logical inconsistency is trivially observable even in
simple situations: It is logical for the USA to try to prevent nuclear
proliferation. It is logical for Iran to seek a nuke.
Therefore, what is LOGICAL tells us NOTHING about the actual situation.
What ACTUALLY informs us about the situation is the inconsistency.
It's also observable in more complex situations:  A person may
simultaneously "love" and "hate" another.
The apparent inconsistency points to, and indicates, the underlying
tensions of the situation as it really exists. In this way, there are REAL
contradictions. But lets get down right to physical reality with it, too:
A computer system with two sensors of arbitrarily high resolution and
accuracy, measuring the temperature of tank of water will, nevertheless
see inconsistent data from the two sensors. Measurement is an inherently
subjective activity.
Inconsistency and uncertainty is a fact of life, right down the the barest
components of physical reality.
The ability to deal with inconsistency without dismissal is, to me, vital
for 'valid proper thought' which is the goal of 'logic' as a discipline,
in my understanding.
Not preaching. I have no reason to believe that you'll get yourself into
any type of trouble, or doom for only thinking one way. I'm not trying to
save you from the evils of classical thought, nor classical liberalism.
I'm not interested in converting you, partly because I'm not interested in
converting anyone. Mostly, in your case, because I'm sure I wouldn't want
you in my circles. I'm just giving my perspective, and explaining what you
continually misrepresent and attack.
And I will point out that saying that I gave "false analogies" doesn't
make it so. I gave NO analogies in the bit about logic, and maths. An
analogy is to draw simile between two things. I didn't do that. I made
direct statements of fact. There are different branches of logic, as I've
described. There are different branches of geometry, as I described. There
are theorems which prove facts about the limits of logic, which while
stated informally, are in fact true.
If you're out of your depth, that's quite alright. You said before you're
not much for maths, so I didn't get into it, and instead tried to show
some of those limits playfully instead. But you're not the playful sort
either. So, I'll admit, I'm rather at a loss for how to convey these ideas
to you, except to say -- rather than merely "accepting" logic, perhaps you
really ought to consider studying it.

@_date: 2016-10-05 01:29:23
@_author: 2 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I disagree, but I can understand where you're coming from. I always have
understood your point. I've discussed this sort of thing, at length, with
many people who put logic on a pedestal. I don't believe you've made an
effort to understand my point, however.
There is a danger in being too focused on logic and reason. It
unnecessarily constrains one's thoughts. Consider the very word -
RATIONAL. As in, rational numbers - numbers expressible as ratios. That is
how the Pythagoreans thought of numbers. They had no concept at all of an
"irrational" number - a number not expressible as ratios.
So, to say to them that sqrt(2) is not expressible as a ratio of two
integers was UNTHINKABLE. They had no framework for the concept within
their "logic." They lacked the IMAGINATION to set aside their quite
literally rational view of arithmetic and to simply THINK, with as few
rules guiding that process as they could manage.
And that is an example regarding something a simple as the concept of
quantity. How much more should we be suspicious of such failures of
imagination when dealing with complex concepts?
As far as totalitarianism goes, I'm not sure what an example from fiction
is necessarily supposed to prove, but I can counter with another: legend
has it that Hippasus was murdered for proving that root 2 is irrational. A
warning for taking systems of thought, ideologies, logics and so on, too
But there is a deeper matter, here. When you ask for something to be
"logical" what, exactly, do you mean? Logical according to what?
A triangle has interior angles which sum to 180 degrees, says Euclid.
Lobachevsky can prove all triangles have more than 180 degrees. Both are
correct, given their assumptions. Both work in the real world. Which,
then, meets your criteria of "logical" or "rational"? Which do we use?
There is classical, "Aristotelian" logic. But there are parametric logics
where induction and deduction are special cases of consequence. There are
fuzzy logics where truth and falsehood are not 1 and 0's but take on a
range of values .. formalized "grey area" thinking, essentially.  More
importantly, there are paraconsistent logics - logics which specifically
deal with contradiction in definable, inconsistency-tolerant ways.
So what type of logic should we use? And why? You want to use one type of
reasoning, as most people do, usually Aristotelian; but there is
absolutely no basis for this other than ignorance of the others - despite
the fact that the others are often times the better tools for the job.
That is why they were invented.
I mentioned Godel's Incompleteness Theorem at one point. It says,
informally, that in any logical system with a finite number of
assumptions, one cannot have consistency, and the ability to prove all
true statements.
If you value consistency as the ideal, you put truth at second place. This
is the choice of the mathematician. To have access to all truths within
such a system, you need either an infinite mind to hold infinite axioms,
or tolerance for inconsistency. This is the path of the philosopher.
Some would suggest that complete tolerance for all inconsistencies and
having an infinite mind are quite the same thing. Hence, the F.S.
Fitzgerald quote.
My point is that "rational" and "logical" only make sense according to
some assumptions, according to a frame of reference. And that frame of
reference needs to be agreed upon for use in order to have any utility in
a discussion.
You mentioned that 2+2 doesn't equal 5 before. True enough, at least not
that I know of, but I countered that 7+10 does equal five.
And it does, according to a different frame of reference. That frame of
reference being the face of a clock. Circular.
You choose to only think linearly. I choose to think according to any
rules I choose, when I choose them, for the purposes of getting to the
goal that I decide is worth pursuing.
I'm free of thought that way.

@_date: 2016-10-05 00:03:48
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Don't you see that the whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of
thought? ... Every concept that can ever be needed will be expressed by
exactly one word, with its meaning rigidly defined.."

@_date: 2016-10-04 21:36:40
@_author: among other times 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Ah, now this is telling. Please take a moment, and consider our mutual
choice of words here: I used the word "useful." Whereas you chose the word
It is quite natural that "rationality" is the only "valid" tool for
"rational discussions." This is a tautology. Sometimes tautologies can be
quite profound, but in this case, I'm not finding it.
But I chose the word useful. I chose that word because often times in
"rational discussions" the participants cannot agree on basic axioms and
perspective from which to reason. Rationality is, at its foundation, about
AGREEING on some basic foundational ideas, and PROCEEDING from them. When
the bedrock cannot be found, reason as a tool has no purchase. The teeth
of the wrench have no bite.
When this happens (among other times), rationality ceases to be useful,
and one goes round and round getting nowhere in the discussion. As we
It is at that point that I begin to make fun of the entirety of the
discussion. It is at that point that I bring in "irrational" (more
properly - non-rational) modes of thought to inform the discussion.
Sometimes, they can help provide the friction needed to move forward.
Other times there is such a great insistence on thinking only just a
certain way, and such a volatile response to bringing in any other
considerations, that I'm then content to just go into foolishness mode and
fuck with the other participant. I may not get ideas from the
"discussions" but I'll get ideas for a turn of phrase or such, and that's
fun too.
Oh, we both know you won't let that happen. But thanks.
Alternatively, you're welcome to the 'last word' so long as those words
are simply a disagreement with what I've ACTUALLY said, rather than a
misrepresentation, attack, or some pathetic conspiracy delusion.

@_date: 2016-10-04 17:42:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I'm not anti-rationalist, any more than I am anti-wrench. It's a tool. And
when it is a useful too, I'm more than willing to use it.
But not all problems are mere nuts and bolts.
Yes, it does: a realist. I don't like the idea of surveillance in general.
Just as I don't like the idea of nukes, in general. But I'm a realist.
Nukes, unfortunately, do in fact exist. In this, nation-states found the
only workable strategy to be a strategy of mutual deterrence; so I find
that this same strategy may be the only one workable with regards to a
police state and surveillance.
What's sick, to my way of thinking, is to KNOW that the state has
surveillance abilities, and to oppose citizenry from making an equally
capable system to keep the state/police in check. That would be like
opposing the Soviet's from pursuing nukes when they knew America had them.
It's, frankly, nonsensical.
If I could, somehow, make all surveillance technology either cease to
exist, or in some way moot, I'd happily do so. As I would for nukes.
But that isn't reality.
I don't engage much with ideology, and the 'should be' nature of people's
opinions. I understand that the sunset might well be prettier if there
were some greens, or silvers thrown in. Maybe things "should be" that way,
according to your aethstetic, and I would likely agree so long as we're
talking deep greens, and not some garish color. I might like two moons, as
But it is irrelevant, because are not not that way, and anything you might
do to the atmosphere to make some nice shades of green show up,  would
most surely make a worse mess of things than we already have.
What is. Not what is not. 'Rational' 'principled' 'idealistic' thinkers
tend to have difficulty in this. I get it. I really do. I once had
difficulty with it as well.
But then one day I realized its far better to appreciate the sunset, and
do what you can to keep the park you're enjoying it in cleanly, than to
sit around pissing and moaning about the garbage and how the sunset
doesn't even have the appropriate colors.

@_date: 2016-10-04 15:05:08
@_author: yes no 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Yeah. It's like I told a friend of mine once during a discussion.
"That is a lucid, cogent, well thought-out opinion." "But I disagree."
I have a working theory related to Christianity in this regard. I find
that in cultures not rooted in Christianity, people seem to be more
accepting of disagreements, and understand that disagreements are quite
natural and are to be respectfully explored, but that this should
represent no difficulty towards understanding.
Whereas, those from Christian cultures used to all the preaching and such
tend to develop the idea that there is only one way to think, and if you
think differently then, well YOU MUST BE CONVERTED!
This seems to break down somewhat, however, in regards to Russians; whom
while Orthodoxy is a deep cultural influence, also have very nuanced
linguistic forms like 'Da nyet' (yes no). It's use to express a somewhat
undecided negative answer in some contexts, or to contradict someone. Or
'da nyet navernoe' (yes no maybe) to express a negative answer, but which
is decidedly undecided. But the important point is the 'da nyet', while
usable to contradict someone, has no personal pronouns involved.
So, while in English one must say 'You are wrong.' or 'I disagree' .. in
Russian, and other languages too, the subtext becomes more "There is
disagreement" with the personal side taken out.
I suspect this is why, in English speaking countries, talking politics or
religion carries a certain social taboo in many situations, while in
Russia there seems to be a much greater expectation to talk about such
things with new people, in order to get to know them.
Just a little applied Chomskyism today, I suppose.
Me too! I'm too big of a fan of symmetry to think otherwise.

@_date: 2016-10-04 13:19:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Truth. I should learn to look at chatter like juan's as something akin to
Alas, I have difficulty accepting the heat death of the universe as well;
I suppose that's 'on me' as they say.

@_date: 2016-10-04 13:13:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I know, I know. I'm not proud of that either.
I should have been a gentleman and called her back.

@_date: 2016-10-04 05:11:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Thank you with going for the a-list troll move once again and ignoring and
cutting things you can't refute. And to be clear: not taking the time to
respond to a point, is one thing. But RESPONDING by ignoring what was
actually said, and just going off road with distraction is why I don't
take you seriously. It's been your go-to move, like all trolls, from
minute one. So much for your supposed focus on rationality, or facts and
This is why I have little to say to you, and am content to saunter
off-topic, provide obtuse non-responses, and the like. Its impossible to
take you seriously, so I don't. You'll harp on the error of making
generalizations, but then go and make generalizations yourself. You'll
argue for days about rationality with me, and then ask another "Well, how
much logic do you need?" flippantly when they point out there is no direct
evidence to support a hypothesis that appeals to you.
You can offer nothing but weak tea, son.
Which is why I'm content to fuck with you, not offer any real answers to
your supposed questions, and generally make fun of the entire
"conversation" that you're pretending to be a part of.
lulz. You're ridiculous, which is why I enjoy saying ridiculous things in
return, sweet tits.

@_date: 2016-10-04 03:38:46
@_author: like third worlders 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Yeah, I've seen break-downs like that. It's truly depressing, especially
when you abstract it out and realize how many millions of people need to
be convinced to help change things.
It's daunting, really.
I'm often reminded of a story of Buddha's enlightenment. In his final
struggle with Mara, she showed him all the people that would live. All the
countless generations of humans, all the individuals that would suffer,
and he could see with full awareness how very few would attain nirvana and
how few would hear his words. It was staggeringly crushing to realize how
little impact he would have on the world. It almost broke him.
But his response was simple; with his beatific smile he responded "But a
few will hear."
Or, Gandhi's advice that "Anything you do will be insignificant, but it is
vitally important that you do it."
I try to feel that, when I'm feeling frustrated. It helps me, at least.
Truly. My travel is such that my footprint is about average for a first
worlder, mitigated by the fact that I've never owned a car and tend to
walk, bike, or take public transportation. But yes, it virtually
impossible to live in the first world and have a carbon footprint like a
third worlder. The possible exception might be people who live in rural
areas, in completely off-the-grid type situations where they supply their
necessities themselves (like third worlders).
But still, to live like that will tend to require living in some other way
first to acquire the wealth to do so.. so, in the end, its still going to
be far larger. Communal living can help amortize that.
But then factor in children? And boom. Forget about it. It's nuts.
Wow. Well stated. Yeah, I imagine the trailing edge of the economic
meltdown is starting to catch up. The whole beatnick thing is gone. Now
the dropouts were more forced out than willingly bailed. That's gotta make
for a few fucked up scene.
My experience is kind of opposite, in a way. I grew up in a shit hole
rural town, but got lucky. My father and his brothers had done time, were
into a lot of heavy shit, but my dad always made sure I kept my act
together. Came down hard on me for the slightest bit of trouble. Told me
growing up.. when you're 18, I'm kicking you the fuck out. "My job is to
make sure you get out of here and do something with your life, what you do
with it will be up to you," sort of thing. That's about the only thing he
ever told me I listened to.
Fortunately, I managed to get handy at fixing up electronics stuff --
mostly because nothing we had ever worked right when we got it
second-hand. 18 came, moved in with my girl, scraped by for a few years
and had the good luck to have her get accepted to an art school (amazing
with acrylics) leaving me with fuck-all but a shitty job, a broken heart,
and in the right place at the right time to take the right bit of advice
and go take a volunteer position abroad. And since then, life's just been
a matter of floating down a river. Mostly easy, as long as you can dodge
the logs and rocks and shit.

@_date: 2016-10-04 01:21:42
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I skipped over this the first time, because you're mostly a bore. But I
should respond to this for, well, accuracy.
When speaking of the disparity of wealth in global income earnings it is
not a matter of 1% of the population who have the most income. Well, that
is one way of analyzing the situation. Often one compares the richest 1%
of people and compares their wealth against the median 50%. That is one
way. Another way is to look at the percentage of people who have incomes
at the top 1% of the scale for all salaries paid to people.
32000 USD/yr represents the entry point for the top 1% of salaries paid to
people the world over. 99% of people make less than that, per year.
This graphic illustrates the situation well. The poorer countries have
much larger populations, but their salaries are much smaller.

@_date: 2016-10-04 00:36:08
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
You're right, I do have several problems.
At the moment, I can't find my lighter. And you never shut the fuck up.
Those are two problems I have.
Sure it was. I mentioned it.
And it's call fucking with you.
You seem to have real difficulty understanding playful obtuseness in an
effort to let a conversation die for lack of genuine interest.
Like I said some time ago. You're like autistic or something.

@_date: 2016-10-04 00:19:57
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Offended? About my standard of living? Now that would be stupid. No, I'm
not offended. Nor am I ashamed, nor proud. It is what it is. Globally,
even paycheck-to-paycheck Americans or Brits scraping by are the 1%.
I just think its stupid to point to causes that post-date the problems.
Like all the shit America does. It's colonialism, basically. But America
WAS a colony. So obviously COLONIALISM, as a problem, isn't America's
fault in the sense of having its genesis there.
Now, as I believe I've made clear elsewhere, the only extent to which I
"defend" the status quo is in my disagreement about "revolution" -
particularly violent revolution. In my reading of history, that never
solves the problems, and may in fact make things worse.
No, I'm not objectivist libertarian.
But my statement wasn't a statement of identity. Note the HAVE ALWAYS bit.
The problems we have now (with the exceptions of global warming and
nuclear proliferation) are really no different than the problems we've
always faced.
Colonialism is marauding. No doubt about that. And it goes back to the
cave men.
Revolution won't solve that.
What will? Well, nothing that has been tried, and failed, before, thats
for sure.
Also quite true.

@_date: 2016-10-04 00:02:53
@_author: as a matter of fact, I use a desktop computer 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Wait, I lost track. Are we talking about wealth, or intelligence?
Because I agree that neither of us are in the 1% of the most intelligent.
That much is obvious.
As for wealth, you're saying you make less than $32000 / USD a year?
And you bought a desktop computer, AND a phone? And you pay for all the
bandwidth for your 'musings' here ??
How fucking stupid. You're never going to get ahead that way.
Ok. I believe you. You're not in the 1% of either intelligence, or wealth.
I stand corrected.

@_date: 2016-10-03 23:34:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
That is a polite way of putting it. Are you suggesting I try being overly
Well, OK.
Juan, dear sir, I wouldn't be happy to find your thumbs cramping up typing
on a phone. Fear not, I shant be ill to find that you not bother
responding to my twaddle and would be endeared to find that you would just
shut the fuck up.
We'll see.

@_date: 2016-10-03 23:22:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
No, just having some 'fun' with Juan.
Trying different strategies to see what will actually shut him the fuck up
and just ignore me.

@_date: 2016-10-03 23:20:02
@_author: like "shit-for-brains" 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
I'm fine with mental rigor, except when its used to box in ideas, and try
to control people.
Which is, ALWAYS, how ideologues use it.
So, in those circumstances, I eschew it. Because I don't let people put
rules on me. If I adopt rules, and choose to obey them, it is because I
decide they have authority. Not others.
Oh, I don't care about insults. And the only reason he's been getting
snippy with me is because I won't stop flirting with him.
But I refuse to adopt ridiculous opinions and engage in lazy thinking
which lay all the problems of the world on a convenient, scape-goat enemy.
The Nazi's used the Jews. Others like to point at the Americans, or the
Brits or whatever.
It's all bullshit. The problems of the world have always BEEN the problems
of the world. As they say, "history repeats itself" .. the same modalities
come up, time and again, with agrarian societies, with industrial
societies, with capitalism, with communism.
So what's the common denominator? People. People are the problem. That
means YOU. That means ME.
So change.
I, in point of fact, used to think very much like Juan. Then I started
doing some thinking on my own.

@_date: 2016-10-03 23:10:38
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
And those phones are computers, fuck face.
No, not at all. Because I'm smart enough to know that a programmable
device that has a CPU in it is a computer. Even if, derp.. it can make a
phone call.
Hell, for that matter, there are analog devices with no CPUs that are
computers. Fuck, while I'm on the topic, the ABACUS is a fucking computer.
Because, news flash.. a COMPUTER is a DEVICE that COMPUTES.. that is does
With your stunning lack of understanding of the even the basics of the
devices you use every day, its no wonder.

@_date: 2016-10-03 23:04:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Expert? No. But you don't need to be an expert to know a few things.
Like you. I see you occasionally use verbs and nouns properly.
LOL. If you knew shit about history, you'd know this isn't anti-Arab at
all.  What is usually termed a "dark age" period is the period following
the collapse of an empire. Empires tend to expand, and suck in resources
from surrounding areas - giving the citizens/subjects of the empire a
ever-increasing source of goods, ideas, trade, and so on. When it
collapses, the culture goes into shock, and becomes very insular. The
Christian dark ages occurred after the fall of Rome, and lasted nearly
1000 years, and they only really got shook out of it when it came in
contact with the Ottoman Empire.
The Ottoman Empire would hit a period of severe stagnation in 1700's,
right around the time that Newton was getting set to slingshot Europe into
Industrialism. It would exist really only in name for some time, with
large patches of its former lands having become independent. This led to a
contraction of Muslim expansion, and a very much cut them off from the
rest of the world.
Until recently. When industrialism came knocking for its life blood: oil.
Much like what happened in Europe in the 14th century when the Ottoman
Empire came knocking at the doors of Vienna.
I'm not anti-Arab at all. I often inform clueless rubes like yourself that
it was the Ottoman Empire that had the world's first "hate crime" laws
specifically protecting Jews and Christians from getting singled out in
Ottoman-controlled lands.
The Chinese aren't engaging in colonialism. They are footing the bill, and
giving resources to Africa, not pulling resources out.
Like I said, and you conveniently cut out and ignore like you always do: I
realize I'd never get agreement, and it therefore wouldn't work and that
I'll never get my way. It's no fantasy. It's an idea of how to balance and
contain industrialism.
Sure, laugh. I expect a sociopathic troll to laugh at rape.
But the fact is, that in previous times, a conquering army would fuck the
defeated population to a different shade of skin color. Mass rape, as in
nearly every woman was raped, or killed if she was too old or ugly to
bother fucking. Rape was used TACTICALLY. It was ORDERED.
That, in fact, doesn't happen anymore. At least not with armies in the
West. If you can provide a citation to the contrary, I'd be interested in
hearing it. My understanding is that the Russians used rape as a tactic in
Afghanistan, though.
In any event, in the Iraq war, the number of rapes by soldiers in the
Western forces numbered in the hundreds.
And each one of those soldiers deserves, in my opinion, to be put to death
for it.
But it is NOTHING like the scale, of say, Attila the Hun, or Genghis Khan.
It is NOTHING like the scale of the American or Spanish forces against the
Take it off for me, honey. I won't bite.
Why? Because I have a clue about reality and the likely response of
competing nations?
I'd love it if the world was all sunshine and rainbows, darling.. but it
isn't. Most people, are useless, negative shit-bags not unlike yourself
who will take any opportunity at all to get a leg up on someone else, just
for the enjoyment.
I don't like it. But I cope with it, and I develop my opinions accordingly.
Like my glorified ape opinion. You're proof of the theory, if there ever
was one.

@_date: 2016-10-03 22:32:42
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Hey fuck head, any electronic device that can post stuff on the net is a

@_date: 2016-10-03 22:16:53
@_author: yours 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Hey fuck head, you're typing on a computer. That makes you one of the
global 1% too.
So if you really feel so much solidarity with the oppressed of the world,
give up the laptop, and go shovel shit out of a latrine in the third world
somewhere if it makes you feel better.
But it won't do you, them, or anyone else any fucking good. Neither will
pissing and moaning about shit that happened hundreds of years ago.
You want to make the world better? Come up with ONE idea that could be an
ACTUAL solution.
Can't do that? Pick ONE PERSON, and make their life better.

@_date: 2016-10-03 22:04:17
@_author: for instance 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Whoa now. Never said it made anything OK. But from the POV of the
peasants, human history is largely about getting the means to migrate from
one place where life is really screwed up, to a place where it is less
screwed up.
At present, the West is less screwed up: which is why those refugees you
mentioned are walking north, and German's aren't walking south.
Has nothing to do with my income, not that I'm rich at all. But I've held
that view even when I was dirt broke. Given the choice between pessimism
and optimism, I always choose optimism.
But, in terms of humanity growing, or healing? I don't think its a
fantasy. Look at Western history: Open, official monarchs have been
dethroned, we now only deal with largely covert oligarchs. God is dead,
and we only deal with a vocal minority and unraveling the cultural norms
informed by the myth. Personal racism is on the decline, and systemic
racism is once again the topic of the day where different races, and age
groups, come out to speak out against it.
Look at Asian history: China is finally coming out of its slumber and will
provide a much needed counter-balance to Western dominance. Already there
are forces at work at reforming the Chinese economy and society, and they
haven't even really gotten off the ground yet.
Look at the Middle East: For all intents and purposes they are in the
midst of their Dark Ages. In the 1950s in Saudi Arabia, wealth was defined
as the number of camels one had. Today, education is highly valued and
prized. The current tensions are largely due to the earth-shaking effects
of modern life on a culture that is largely still in the 16th century.
That is rapidly changing, and already there are several key partners in
the region that, at least for now, are committed to helping advance the
Arab world and bring it to the table, so to speak.
Africa: Yeah, Africa is totally fucked. But not if the Chinese have their
way. China (and thank goodness for that long-term Confucian thinking) has
already began to build important relationships there that are free of the
old European colonial tensions. China is bankrolling the creation of the
African Union headquarters, and has invested heavily in getting
infrastructure and communications networks going.
So? When was that ever not the case in human history? Every society has
engaged in some type of cultural mythology that plainly disagrees with the
facts. This is nothing new, and certainly nothing worse, than in other
times in history.
Yeah, but I never said that. If I had it my way, we'd transfer all
technological and industrial production to one city, maybe two cities per
continent. Those would be the centers of production and learning.
A handful of modern cities could produce all the goods, medicine, and so
on needed if most people CHOSE to live simply as in circa 1800. Maybe with
a modern convenience or two in the way of communications/education. And
even that is mostly just a bone tossed to those that simply MUST HAVE
But I'll never get my way. Because people don't want that, and it isn't
some propaganda job that makes them not want that.
They don't want it because the death rate is higher. They don't want it
because the infant mortality rate is higher. They don't want it because
the common work they will have to do will mean busting their ass in a
field actually GATHERING food, rather than walking around an
air-conditioned store.
Why would they? You can't seriously expect people to individually work
against their self-interest. Well, I mean, I guess you can.. but you're
going to be disappointed. This goes to my naturalistic thesis. You
wouldn't expect a lion not to eat your pet dog, so why the do you expect a
glorified ape to NOT act like a glorified ape?
Come now. Very few people SUPPORT the rape and murder of whole cities.
First of all, rape in Western militaries is lower than any time in
history. It's actually a crime, rather than an approved war trophy. So
stop with that. But, murder is on-point, so I'll stick with that.
It's not that your average guy SUPPORTS it.. its that they don't have any
tools to stop it, nonsenseand are largely unaware of any of it to begin
with. This goes back to laziness.
Most people - your average person - doesn't learn this sort of thing.
Because they are too busy getting their asses kicked all day at work. Then
they come home, deal with the kids, bills, or whatever OTHER problems they
have in life, and when they get a few spare moments, the last thing they
want to do is delve into geopolitics and the problems of the world too.
They want to fucking relax, and take it easy for a few moments, before
they go back out there the next and wage their personal war against life
all over again. That is the story of being human, and its why we don't
want to have to bust our ass raising animals, or grinding grain too.
After 9/11, I got into a discussion with an American that started off very
heated because I had gently implied that, frankly, it should have been
expected the States' had it coming. He didn't like that. Went on for a
moment about 3000 people dead and so on, trying to simultaneously
intimidate me, play on my compassion, and shame me. I didn't budge. I
simply responded "I feel deeply for those that died in New York. But I
also feel deeply for the people Clinton killed Frandala. The killings in
Frandala were one of the reasons bin Laden cited for 9/11. He wanted
revenge. Now you guys want revenge, and I understand that too. But an eye
for an eye makes the whole world blind, won't you see?"
He had never heard of Frandala. Didn't know of the bombing, at all.
And when I explained it to him, and explained that it was, in fact, a
cited reason for the 9/11, I could tell that he was ashamed for not
knowing it sooner.
Now, you can tow the "party line" about education being indoctrination,
and to the extent that you mean "learned what they were taught" you'd be
right. But to the extent that one can be SELF educated. To the extent that
one can possess FACTS, this type of education is sorely needed.
And, in my view, if anything is going to raise us on the whole out of that
glorified ape strata, it is going to be possessing facts, having critical
thinking skills, and knowing how to balance that with poetic license. I.e.
developing as much of the uniquely human traits as possible.
That may be, but it still does no good for anyone to wish societal
collapse. Not to mention, humans faced those consequences BEFORE our
society, in previous societies, and indeed before civilization itself. So
I find the idea that all of the problems humanity faces can be squarely
placed at the feet of modern industrialism alone dubious. There are
barbarous marauders, thieves, rapists and all sorts of shit well before
any of this modern nonsense came around. And I'd point out, that against a
25 year old drunk/beserking Viking, a little old lady has no chance. But a
little old lady with a shotgun is a credible threat against a methed up
biker. So, keep in mind that when you get rid of industrialism, you give
the advantage to the youngest, and the largest.
And, I would add, that if people, and their leaders today truly ARE as
bloodthirsty as you imagine? Then that only drives my point home more.
Because before the collapse, it would stand to reason that they will fire
off the nukes.
I understand that civilization is the core problem. I'm not in denial
about that. The question is, what do we do about it?
People will not be willing to scale down civilization. And even if we
could get a society to unilaterally try, they would simply become prey to
their enemies who have maintained industrial weaponry.
Sometimes, when you go down the wrong road.. the shortest way back is
Indeed. This is why I try to choose optimism. It still won't change a
fucking thing, but it feels better, and makes you more popular at parties.

@_date: 2016-10-03 20:29:35
@_author: pretty mediocre 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Oh Juanita, sing that sweet sweet song of love to me once again! Of all
the trolls under heaven, there is none as fair as thee.
Thine voice is mightier than all the goblins, and thine breast as comely
as a common rogue.
Speak again, fine vagabond, and slather us with your wiles.

@_date: 2016-10-03 20:20:05
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Well, I can't speak to the exact forms of violence that may or may not be
rampant in "shanty" communities or the like in third world countries, or
what their people have to deal with, exactly, but I would be very
surprised if those societies didn't have human predators as well. In many
3rd world countries, arms are essentially unregulated, and are quite
common. That would suggest to me that violence, of some form, is a daily
I know that plenty of African women feel the need to carry around AKs to
fend off rapists. I know that a first world homeless guy may have to worry
about individual attacks from some college jock, but he doesn't have to
worry about sleeping under the wrong bridge that gets bombed.
I saw a study, by MIT recently, that estimated the carbon usage of first
world humans compared to third world. In particular, it was striking to me
because first world homeless people are estimated to use 8 tons of carbon
in the form of the services they have available to them, whereas third
worlders used about 4. I think energy consumption is probably a reasonable
gauge for quality of life, at least in the physical sense.
Again, I'm not saying by any stretch that first world homeless have it
easy or anything like that -- but I'm just trying to keep an eye on the
perspective and to remember that even part-time workers in the first world
making $25k-30k USD are globally in the 1% or so.
And my concern is, for those people that are just getting by or are on the
streets, now.. societal collapse will burden them most of all. The rich
are going to hole themselves up in their mountain houses, top-floor
penthouses, and gated communities playing the fiddle like Nero as the
world burns.
It'll be every day people that get burned.

@_date: 2016-10-03 20:00:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Actually, I found that answer quite entertaining. And seeing that our
previous interaction has proven to me that you will persist in
intentionally misrepresenting anything I write, and ignoring those parts
which you can't misrepresent, I have already decided that my future
interactions with you will be for entertainment purposes only.
So how about that margarita there, Juanita?
Yup. That is clearly what I said. And any other the people on this list
who shares your reading difficulties will obviously also get that out of
it, so there is no point in me repeating a correction that will be
willfully misinterpreted by a two-bit shit-for-brains troll like yourself.
But I'll be glad to flirt any time, tiger.
Like I told ya. A dingy hotel bar napkin. I'd scan it and prove it to ya,
since I know you like evidence and logic, but unfortunately I used it for
cleanup and tossed it with the condom wrapper, and your mom's phone number
already. True story.

@_date: 2016-10-03 19:33:03
@_author: and I do agree on that 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Sorry, we you talking?
Actually, I found it scribbled on a cheap hotel bar napkin, crammed
between the pages of 'Dick Niglet and the Shit Wizards of Asscabin' ..
curiously your mom really cums ridiculously hard when you read her
passages from it. But whatever, I dig that dirty shit.
I mistakenly read the bit off the napkin, and she assured me you'd get a
kick out of it. I guess she was right.

@_date: 2016-10-03 19:21:33
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Oh, hey I get all that.
But the point is that a goodly number of people the world over would find
being homeless in a first world country the proverbial "good life."

@_date: 2016-10-03 18:47:08
@_author: and I do agree on that 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
While I do understand the frustration and anger to our current society and
situation, I would encourage you to think a bit about what society would
actually turn into upon its collapse. Invariably that comes at huge price,
generally involving bloodshed, and resource shortages, and when things get
really fucked, regional warlords, rape, pillaging, etc. Societal collapse
is never a good thing for the people that have live through it. The USSR
handled the transition about as well as can be expected, and organized
crime took over a great part of their national wealth nearly overnight.
As sick as this society is (and I do agree on that), bloodshed is
relatively at a minimum, and resources are plentiful. Hell, even the
homeless can be overweight and have ipods and shit. There are egregious
acts of systemic violence, naturally - and I won't condone a single
example of it - but I will note that oppression of blacks by police is
certainly less today than it was in the 60s. And everyone is better off
than we would have been under nearly any monarch that ever lived.
My point, in as much as I have one, is that on the whole -- while human
societies are deeply ill, with a long enough view of history it seems as
if we are ever so slowly healing. I do understand that this isn't fast
enough for you. I do understand that you deeply yearn for a just society.
But there just isn't anything that can be done to heal instantly. It's not
the way healing .. growth .. works at any scale.
But try to keep in mind, when you yearn for its collapse, you might well
be wishing for your sister, mother, or other innocents to be raped, or
killed. You might well be wishing for a situation where kids need to whore
themselves to help scrape up some food for their families. And YES that
happens now. But we need not wish more of it on ourselves.
Just a thought. And honestly, some days I think "fuck it all" too so, I
get it, I really do. But I try to keep the other stuff in mind too. YMMV.

@_date: 2016-10-03 12:36:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Yeah, a friend of mine is in that camp.
Plausible? Quite. But too conspiratorial for me. I tend to believe that
human stupidity is a larger force than conspiracy.
I may, however, simply be being stupid.

@_date: 2016-10-03 12:32:11
@_author: besides maybe Ted Snooz 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Oh? That seems like a false dichotomy, to me. I've fucked around with jobs
before, and taken interviews for jobs I knew ahead of time I'd turn down.
And I'm certainly no billionaire with tons of other options.
And _why_ does a billionaire, with a private jet NEED to do this? Why
can't he just fuck around, and if the shit hits the fan, cash out and take
his wealth elsewhere? Tahiti is quite nice.
Then there is the other point of view: maybe he doesn't give a shit how
good of a job he actually does, even if he gets it. Lets face it, most
politicians have been colossal fuck ups. But still, they get reverence and
respect from the masses. Their opinions are taken seriously, and all of
You seem to be working from the point of view that the government is
somehow quite important. Well, fine, granted that to regular folks the
government does seem quite important. But to billionaires, who regularly
buy political favor, who know - first hand - that the government is merely
the marketing and PR firm for the wealthy at best, or a inconvenience they
have to work around at worst, I would imagine that there is a
substantially different view.
If you think on it, I believe you'll find that what YOU NEED him (or
another other presidential candidate) to do, and what THEY NEED to do,
have very little in common.

@_date: 2016-10-03 05:06:00
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Makes no difference either way. Hillary is as corrupt as they come, that's
just a fact. Trump may be a meglomaniac, but I don't see him as
substantially different than Hillary.
Hell, as I understand it, Trump donated shit tons to the Clinton
Foundation as late as recently as 2008.
I'm not sure I am ready to go down this rabbit hole, but a friend is
fairly convinced that Trump is shilling for Hillary. I gotta say, he
called the debate performance before Trump even clinched the GOP nod. He
said if he gets the nod, he'll blow the debate with Hillary.
The argument goes like this: he enters the GOP race, and gets all the
candidates talking about him, rather than Hill. Running interference for
her. If you look at the time line, whenever the media began running back
to her emails, Trump would do his most outlandish shit and distract the
attention back to him.
I don't buy it, myself, but it is interesting to consider. I think Trump
is in it just for his ego. Obama embarrassed him, and now he wants to
stick it to the political elite, beat them at their own game, and get the
respect that all Presidents get.
But I don't buy half the nonsense he says, anyhow. He's just playing this
whole thing like a reality TV show to get the votes.
I don't think Trump is the maniac he is playing himself up to be. But he
knows that if he crafts that image, he'll get a bunch of maniacs that
never ordinarily vote, to come out and vote for him. It's a smart move.

@_date: 2016-10-04 15:18:36
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "Tor is dead technology" 
Yeah, in this respect the difficulties of Tor are much like the
difficulties of deniable encryption. Using it at all is in a certain way
incriminating. Its one of the main reasons why I try to explore novel,
legitimate uses of Tor, quite apart from anonymity. It's ability to reach
beyond firewalls for hosting is quite novel; unfortunately there isn't
much legitimate purpose for this. Personally I don't have a problem with
exfiltrating/liberating data from corporate coffers, but it is generally
frowned upon more widely.
But I wonder if there is a market for such an Internet cafe. An internet
cafe that provides wifi for your device, and a few on-premises computers,
and tunnels all connections through Tor as a matter of policy. I'd
certainly hang out there, just as a matter of geek-chic if nothing else.
Could also serve as a kind of base-of-operations for wider public
education about cryptography, privacy, security, and so on.

@_date: 2016-10-04 03:43:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "Tor is dead technology" 
I wouldn't expect them to use Tor. If you're a field agent that may be
under surveillance, connecting to something like Tor fucks you. Or at
least, I would think it does.
Better off with a shell, or front-company, that provides a plausible story
of employment or some time of affiliation, and shuttle data to that.

@_date: 2016-10-05 04:07:52
@_author: and perhaps always will have 
@_subject: Re: [Was, and still is: yahoo sux] Security experts urge clients to stop using Yahoo Mail 
Well, I'm not moderator but I'll try to mediate this, here.
I get what Juan is saying, and I understand what you are saying. Here is
the disconnect:
It seems to me that Juan is looking at this entirely.. functionally.
Functionally, the government suppresses information for its own interests.
All of them do. He is disregarding the belief system of Americans, and the
cultural identity and beliefs that this involves. What is American, is
what America, as a whole, does. To be American is to enslave blacks, bomb
brown folks, and generally make a great mess of things, and worse - to be
proud of that mess.
You are using the term "American" quite differently. You're not using it
functionally, you're using it, forgive the term.. mythologically. There is
the cultural identity of "American" which sees itself as being about
freedom, natural rights and so on. For you, these are ideals, that
Americans strive for, and you acknowledge that in the past your country
fell short of, and that you have (and perhaps always will have) more to
For you, it is totally possible for America to be UN-American. To Juan,
this is a logical absurdity.
I think I got that about right. I've been fucken with this dude, exploring
how he thinks for like two weeks now. It's like some weird catharsis for
me because I used to think quite similarly.
I suspect you're beign ironical?

@_date: 2016-10-05 03:47:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [Was, and still is: yahoo sux] Security experts urge clients to stop using Yahoo Mail 
On this, at least, we can agree completely.
The only thing I would add is that this is largely a recent phenomenon due
to the ability for large enough governments to have truly global reach.
Power will exert itself as far as it can.

@_date: 2016-10-10 15:12:45
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
You're right. I don't take "sides" for the sake of taking sides. I try to
see the value of as many perspectives as possible, and to understand and
be able to reason from them.
I said, from the outset, that I'm not ideological in that way. Ideology is
rather like mental training wheels. There comes a time when you don't need
I'm not sure what this even means. If I make a factual mistake, and look
it up and see that I was wrong, I then change my mind regarding that fact.
It may, or may not, change my interpretation of related facts, but I do
change my mind. I presume any sane person thinks this way?
We don't get paid by the word. If we did, I'd have already retired. And I
don't work for Langley. Brussels.

@_date: 2016-10-10 03:45:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
Ok. I get where you're coming from, and this is an important point of
INFORMATION WARFARE / PROPAGANDA.
In this aspect, I'll agree with you guys and admit that as distasteful to
me as sexual/gender discrimination is, I will admit that that it is MUCH
less important than the ramifications of war.
But, ignoring or whitewashing the REAL discrimination that going on is, in
my view, not the answer here. I would advocate calling out Russian
discrimination towards homosexuals, AND calling out American aggression
towards .. well.. the whole fucking world but Russia in particular right
now. Especially Russia, even, because it is insanely egregious.
Look, guys. It's obvious by now that we all have very different
perspectives... Juan is coming from a libertarian view, Razer from more of
a socialist / Communist view .. and I from a wild-eyed, messy hair /
skid-marks in my shorts anarchist framework but in terms of trying to hold
governments accountable, it seems like that may be the point of common
ground we share.
IW strategy is important, but the BEST IW strategy is FACTS.
If we can be FACTUAL about American, Russian, Belizian, and other
government misdeeds, and failures -- that is the ONLY way we're going to
be able to generate the momentum to challenge them.
After the governments crumble, and the dust settles, then we can hang out,
have a few beers, and philosophize about libertarianism vs. socialism vs
syndicalism vs martianism vs whatever.
But even all that is nonsense. I, for one, will call out factual
inaccuracies when I see them. I hope others do that for me.
Our interpretation of the facts my vary, but we should be able to
acknowledge the FACTS.

@_date: 2016-10-10 03:27:20
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
Whatever. Try owning your mis-statements, and dealing in facts. You'll
find I reciprocate.
Deal in bullshit ideology and willfully being blind to Russian (American,
or other) misdeeds? And I'll call you out. Start slinging bullshit, and I
have no qualms getting down to the farm as well.

@_date: 2016-10-10 03:23:31
@_author: or American/British 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
Thank you for retracting an inaccuracy.
It leaves me to wonder, however, why you would choose to respond to the
otherwise 'boring' points, rather than own the inaccuracy upfront to begin
with and just move on.
This is an excellent, and fair point! I have no illusions about U.S.
mis-deeds. I am not anti-Russian, nor some type of neo-McCarthyist. Quite
the contrary. The current situation being what it is, I give the moral
high-ground to Russia.
Nevertheless whitewashing Russian (or American/British) history IS a
misdeed. All governments fail in this way, and it is precisely the reason
to distrust ALL government.
Fine. But again, please don't whitewash Russian history. That was my only
objection - your statement gave a rosy view of Russian history which is
not real. I understand that not ALL of Russian history was so -- monstrous

@_date: 2016-10-09 18:04:49
@_author: snigger 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
Right. Because calling you out with a specific year which negates your
statement is a lack of specificity.
Why not just address the point about Stalin, and forced work camps for
homosexuals, starting in 1933?
Are you too stupid to realize that you're wrong? Or too much of a
socialist ideologue to prevent anything as optional as facts to sway your
Right. Because people with minds as powerful and acute as yours, which
fail to even be able to address points of fact, are such a threat to the
world order. And more generally, anyone that disagrees with you at all,
must be an agent of the state.
You might like to read up on self-supporting, delusory belief systems and
brain-washing. Witnessing the general ineffectiveness of government-run
programs generally, it is doubtful whether a State-run COINTELPRO-type op
could be as effective as your own self-induced state of hypnosis.

@_date: 2016-10-09 17:27:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
You said "AND my POINT is THERE ARE NO DISCRIMINATORY LEGAL POLICIES and
haven't been since 1917."
That is patently false. What I agreed to in the portion you quote is that
Lenin, in 1917 instituted fair practices. You are right about that.
However your statement is WRONG in regards to the "haven't been SINCE
In 1933, Stalin made homosexuality a crime.
Period. You're wrong. And it is obvious to anyone with basic reading
comprehension, which you clearly lack.
Fascist, Stalin-loving troglodyte - begone.

@_date: 2016-10-09 16:52:48
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
Your assertion about Russian in 1917 was false. Period.
You then picked up by ignoring that basic point, where you were wrong, and
focusing on one dubious point claiming that a discriminatory law isn't
discriminatory because... reasons. Some 'reason' somehow related to some
other law related to material in regards to prostitution.
YOU CHANGED the topic from homosexuality, and issues related to it - to
bringing up prostitution.
So, if a tangential point somehow makes you "lose" .. then, you lose on
three points, rather than just two. Congratulations:
1. Your assertion regarding the Russian Revolution in 1917, and its
effects on homosexuals was wrong.
2. You lack the basic intellectual honesty to even address the point
regarding Stalin in 1933.
3. YOU tangentially brought up prostitution, and laws related to
propaganda against it, instead of focusing on the real point: Stalin.

@_date: 2016-10-09 16:23:51
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
Fine. But prostitution is illegal. That has nothing to do with outlawing
propaganda aimed at providing information about an theoretically "legal"
lifestyle like homosexuality. Is propaganda suggesting they get married to
the opposite sex, and have a pair of kids illegal? Is propaganda
suggesting that homosexuality is a choice, and that they can choose a
"normal" life illegal? If not, the law as written is discriminatory.
I'm quite willing to concede that there may be details that make this law
non-discriminatory. From what I know, this isn't the case. But I'm willing
to learn about other Russian laws that may come to bear on this.
But again. That isn't even my point, per se. Because I'm quite willing to
concede that life for homosexuals is better in Russia now, than in 1933
under Stalin.
No. You're evading the point about Stalin, and aren't even capable of
simply offering a retraction saying "Ok, I didn't know about Stalin's
actions post-1917. Stalin was shithead, and I was wrong."

@_date: 2016-10-09 15:50:21
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
Oh? Care to explain or should we just take your word for it? Because it
seems to me that a law that makes a DISCRIMINATION between one type of
material and another is, obviously, discriminatory. If it outlaws
distributing ANY type of sexual-oriented propaganda to minors, I would
agree with you.
But the law is written, and intended, so that heterosexual propaganda can
be distributed to homosexual kids.
It's discrimination.
Actually, my point was that you were wrong in your assertion that things
were A-OK for homosexuals in Russia since 1917. That is what you claimed.
You completely ignored my point about Stalin in '33.
So, no I didn't make your point at all.

@_date: 2016-10-09 03:58:59
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] George Soros calls on world to unite against Vladimir Putin 
Incorrect. The Russian Revolution in 1917 did bring about real change in
that way. Under Lenin, homosexuals were allowed to serve in government
positions, for example. HOWEVER.
In 1933, Stalin recriminalized homosexuality including punishment of up to
five years hard labor. Following his death, this eased, however homosexual
acts remained illegal right up to Gorbachev and glasnost.
Following the dissolution of the USSR, with Yeltsin in 1993, homosexuality
between consenting males was decriminalized. In 1999, under Putin,
homosexuality was removed from the list of mental disorders.
If there was no discrimination present in Russian government then gay
pride parades would be allowed, and police protection would be provided to
the activists. Instead, they are routinely canceled in Moscow as religious
leaders and others generally encourage violence towards them.
In 2013, Russia passed a federal law banning distribution of "propaganda
of non-traditional sexual relationships" to minors. Following its passage,
there has been increased discrimination against gays, and increased
protests. In 2013 the USA received over 800 asylum requests from
homosexuals in Russia.

@_date: 2016-10-10 23:46:21
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Fw: 6 Major Media Conspiracies Happening Right in Front of Your Eyes. 
Warfare meets this criteria, no? There are rules of war, like the Geneva
convention. Participation is largely voluntary, and even with nations that
have forced conscript armies, one can argue that - for example with
Israel, or Sweden, the citizenry has structured their society so that
everyone must play and its "voluntary" in that way.
If you take the "participation is voluntary" bit absolutely, then no child
is playing a game in gym class, for instance.
I think I understand what you're getting at, and there is something to it,
but I don't think this formulation gets quite at the core of it.
Stop the assault = stop the game? Most games end when someone wins.
Yes, I agree that "game" has some unwanted connotations. I am not using
the term to imply a lack of seriousness, or to indicate triviality. Even
with actual games of sport, one may take them quite seriously. Football
hooligans are perhaps the most insane example of this. Some games of sport
involve death, like hunting.
That's fine and well. I'm not even commenting here on how decisions are
made, as such, but on the outlook towards competitive "systems dynamics"
wrt "winning" as you stated before. I'd not want to be involved in an
organization that has that view of competitive behavior.
Clearly, coldly, there is something to it. It's obviously a rampant view,
and quite successful. I'd rather fail.
Yeah. I'm not interested in perpetuating the cycle of abusive history
known as "revolution." I don't care one iota if its "my team" or "their
team" that has power, because I firmly believe that within a few moments,
"my team" will start looking a lot like "their team." Animal Farm, and
That said, I am involved with entirely voluntary groups myself. Your 10/90
rule seems about right.
But nonetheless, I am skeptical of such organizations in principle, if not
in practice at a small scale. At some point, as they grow, voluntary
organizations will get big enough to pay people. That's when shit will
fall apart.
Depends on what you consider "political" I suppose, but I understand your
point. But that isn't really what I'm getting at. My point was more that
spontaneous organization is possible. How it is leveraged (whether for
art, fun, or something else) is largely not my point.
Most large protests have some form of art / music component. There is an
effort on the part of organizers to make them fun. In the end, that is
what is necessary to actually get people involved.
You must admit that hierarchical organization is the most common
formation, and if I were to put the names of random "organizations" in a
hat and let you pick one out, chances are going to be quite good that it
is run along hierarchical lines.
I don't see it as "pathological" to accept the fact that "firm",
"company", "corporation", "institution" are all synonyms for
"organization" and that one is rather hard pressed to find examples of any
scale that are not hierarchical.
I'm not sure I agree with this. Seems to me one can find any number of
corporations which are certainly corrupt which don't use any form of real
violence at all. Google started out in a garage with a couple guys and "do
no evil" as their corporate motto. Charities routinely get corrupted. The
list goes on and on.
What happened?
Money. Influence. Power.
When you're small, you'll have that unified core of "true believers." Then
you get big, and soon the people that are getting involved aren't quite on
the same page. Then you start hiring people to do the work, or you get
well known and the donations are just pouring in and it gets easy to skim
off the top.
And so it goes.
Foolproof? No. And again, at small scale, such things can be useful
But I am skeptical of the ability to scale such organizations in a way so
that they are capable of ridding us of the threat of government,
corporations, and so on -- without becoming threats themselves.
I suspect we're having a difficulty with terminology here more than
anything else.
If you're talking in terms of truly decentralized organization where the
decision making mechanisms are expressly insulated from the effects of the
cult-of-personality .. I can get behind that, and have.
I get what you're saying, and to limited degrees, it might be OK - but I
don't see it as scaling.
I mean, Ttis statement right here, can be read as dripping with every bit
as much power-envy as some CEO somewhere:
"No power means no capital, and no means to edge out our competition and
assert market dominance."
The desire for power, no matter how that power is supposedly to be used,
is a problem in itself. Approaching the system this way is like trying to
pull ourselves up by our bootstraps. To paraphrase Einstein, our problems
won't be solved by using the same mindset that created them.
Why must we buy Mayfair and Park Lane to stop playing Monopoly and switch
to a more fun game? Shouldn't it be possible to simply convince the
players to switch to something else?
The difficulty here is profound, I think. Because, in a sense, you are
right. In order to change the status quo, we must develop and create
centralized structures of power to effectively challenge it. But if our
goal is to create a society without such centralized power-structures,
we've already defeated ourselves by becoming the enemy.
How do we bridge this divide? I don't really know, but I suspect it is by
creating very small, very limited organizations in this way. Lots of them.
Tons of them. And we must get used to the idea of dissolving them,
regularly. If none of them get too big, and if we're used to forming an
organized body for a short time and a specific, written-in-stone goal, and
then dissolving it .. then, maybe we'd be in a position to take over the
apparatus of society in a way that spontaneously orders itself without
centralized structures of great power that are doomed to over-reach,
abuse, self-serving ends, and so on.

@_date: 2016-10-10 18:52:08
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Fw: 6 Major Media Conspiracies Happening Right in Front of Your Eyes. 
Safest for whom? I assume that, finding yourself in a fight, and knocked
about the jaw a few times, that you'd choose not to simply grab your
adversary by the head and crack his skull onto a fence pole or something
to immediately kill him?
Fast, and surely safer for you than messing about. But then we have..
So you would just crack the dude's head on the fence pole then? That's
what "winners" do?
I suppose it depends on what you're trying to win. This certainly the way
the players look at thingson a battlefield, and in finance. It probably,
even, scales down to the board game Monopoly.
But there are other games. And your contention about it NOT being a game,
just shows you're not acquainted with games. Doesn't mean people aren't
playing for keeps. It might be a zero-sum game.
Still just a game. And there are still better ones.
And in any event, with an attitude like that I certainly wouldn't want to
join an 'organization' that you're at the helm of.
How you 'win' is as important as 'what' you win. This is not some
namby-pamby point of moralism on my part. It is a matter of strategy for
attaining the goal. Because an organization of people that worked, and
operated, according to the principles of "winning" that you're espousing

@_date: 2016-10-10 13:58:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Fw: 6 Major Media Conspiracies Happening Right in Front of Your Eyes. 
Such can only be the case if you're looking to play 'their' game. The very
creation of such 'organizations' is what leads to the associated chaos in
the first place. Rather, I favor a free association of individuals - with
no organization, just people working towards individual goals; each taking
a small chip out of the establishment. Consume it like a disease. Like
piranha. Not by doing eyeball-to-eyeball combat on equal terms.

@_date: 2016-10-14 03:06:10
@_author: rooty 
@_subject: Re: Jake and Tor article 
Trolling for psychological soft spots? On a list? I don't know, but I
don't think that would be very effective. Maybe I'm wrong, but I don't
think the recon is done that way. Seems much more effective to leech
facebook and gmail for that sort of stuff.
If you, or others on the list are having serious suspicions to this effect..
Look for that sort of thing in your personal life. Text/online comms are
wholly prone to miscommunication / misinterpretation. Look at real life.
People at your job, and acquaintances with no loyalty to you would be the
first round of recruits. Especially look for acquaintances that suddenly
drop contact with you. They are folks that decided not to get involved and
are choosing to stay away. Misinformation is then spread to test/break the
loyalty of those closer to you. Maybe they need a bit of pressure too,
Not a fun scene if you experience it, until you get your bearings. Then it
can be immensely fun. Treat it as a game. Most importantly? Fake the soft
spots. Lies are your weapon, and being able to not flinch your main
shield. When you find someone gauging you, testing this or that wrongly,
fake discomfort, and try to keep a level of calm and be stone-faced or
non-chalant with anything else.
Basic misinformation on your part. Then you can shake THEM up easily down
the road by just shrugging off what they think should cause discomfort,
and subtly calling them out.
Feed their lies, basically. If they get something wrong, and you feed them
that it is right, it is very confusing for them and it helps act as a type
of "marker" for you to spot them in the future. Be off-puttingly friendly.
 Occasionally switch gears rapidly, with a subtle/vague threat/insult.
Fucks up the whole game plan on their part.
They build up a model trying to predict your reactions and behaviors. Blow
the expectations, and try to be more or less erratic. That will draw them
out if you're under any type of real surveillance.
Just a loose set of guidelines. YMMV, depending on who you're running into.

@_date: 2016-10-14 16:54:36
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [unwanted offlist mail] Re: It's for YOU! Fwd: Re: Jake and Tor article 
Translation: When you call him on lies and bullshit, it's 'psychological
..thats so full of win, I'm going to start using that. Outright lie, and
when called on it 'Hey, don't psychologically stalk me, that's rude.'
Fuck me the world is doomed.

@_date: 2016-10-14 16:22:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [unwanted offlist mail] Re: It's for YOU! Fwd: Re: Jake and Tor article 
Not two minutes before you sent the above quoted message, you posted a
message saying your reply would be the last in thread. Obviously not.
But whatever. Uhm -- No, not fishing at all.  Maybe you are a senile
71-yro after all? Because your memory is obviously garbage.
In our first interaction on this list you made a ridiculous claim that you
were being profiled by the government. In your words, paraphrased, since
before they were really using computers, when things were being done with
paper and punch cards.
As I pointed out in a private message to you, which you also then posted
publicly here, punch cards were phased out in the 1960s.
If you were a well-connected extremely rabid 20-year-old radical in 1965,
to make the fed's watch-list at that tender age, today you would be 71
years old.
I don't care how old you are. It's just an observation based on the
stupid, paranoid, ridiculous shit that you constantly say. And I'll tell
you WHY I don't care, in the slightest, about you or any personal details
about you:
You're an unimportant, clueless child, with a penchant for paranoia, and
grandiose claims. You're rude, wear the term "asshole" like a badge of
honor. This alone limits any effect, or importance you could possibly have
to anyone, in any possible universe or social circle here on earth. You're
nothing, and the few morsels of information or opinion that you offer that
are worth anything, are really just pre-chewed pieces of fat gleaned from
other sources. At best, you're the net equivalent of a talking head,
dutifully reading off the page presented to you from somewhere else,
trying to convince us that it has merit.
You have never had an original thought in your short little life, and
since you obviously feed your ego mostly through the goings-on here - the
net equivalent of scrawling graffiti in a dis-used lavatory at a random
highway rest stop, it is quite likely that you never will have such a
You have proudly written about how you avoid IT work, preferring other
forms of labor out of some ideological duty -- which may be at least
partly true, but it is just as likely, given the observations above, that
you're just scared shitless to actually put your talents and mind to the
test, because deep down, you wonder if you have what it takes.
That's just my opinion, off the top of my head, from what I remember of
your nonsense.
It would be dizzingly pathetic, if it weren't so clockwork-regular like a
fucking automaton.

@_date: 2016-10-14 15:50:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [unwanted offlist mail] Re: It's for YOU! Fwd: Re: Jake and Tor article 
There is indeed a certain ironic quality to a list like cypherpunks, which
is supposed to be privacy-centric, to be used for public displays of
private comms like this.
I'd like to submit much of this thread as evidence for my much-debated
"chimpanzee hypothesis."
Or, Razer is - as he claims - 70-something years old, and possibly going
It's all very hard to tell.

@_date: 2016-10-15 20:23:38
@_author: widely supported in fake, american, privacy circles  
@_subject: Re: Inspirational - Senator Culleton's Passionate Maiden Senate Speech gets Standing Ovation - YouTu 
There are certainly known attacks on the Tor model, and I understand its
technical failures in this regard. Conspiracy theories (with no disdain
there -- one should question the veracity of government funded projects)
about its intended purposes aside, unless a better model can be put
forward that provides Tor's features, while decreasing risk, I just don't
see how such criticisms are relevant on technical grounds.
You liken it to a weapon, and fair enough. In the 1700's muskets were
state of the art. Criticisms of their technical failures with regard to
poor accuracy, slow time to reload, difficulties in wet conditions, and so
on have no real merit unless/until an alternative design is presented
which solves it.
For me, Tor's main utility isn't in the way of anonymity so much as a
robust way to reach out past firewalls, and to obviate the need for any
dynamic DNS considerations, and so forth. On each network that I have to
deal with, I keep one box/VM running SSH as a tor hidden service. If I, or
someone else, fucks up a firewall configuration, we have a chance to use
the Tor entry point to jump in and fix. We could use a VPN server for
this, with an associated single-point of failure, and cost. With Tor, we
get redundancy and no cost. But anonymity isn't even a stated need with
this use-case.
That said, you're right: Tor is very suspect in terms of providing true
anonymity and protection from government surveillance. But if that is who
you're worried about, there is never, and really can never, be a wholly
technical/cryptographic solution to that problem. Even if you have
technology that the government can't spy on, they are bound to get extra
interested in you BECAUSE they can't spy on you.
The solution to that problem starts, "at home", as they say. Opsec from
the start. One keeps a bootable USB drive hidden in a bus-station locker
or some such. When anonymous comms are desired, you leave your cell phone
at home, retrieve the disk, boot up at a random public wifi spot, do what
you need to do, and drop the disk back off. Avoid patterns in public hot
spots that you use, and so on. Keep a strictly red/black design where no
information leakage between "you" and your "alter-ego" ever cross up.
Probably you'd even want to wear a disguise of some sort when doing work
as your alter-ego. Separation of "privilege" all the way down.
Any purely technical scheme seems doomed to failure in some way or another.

@_date: 2016-11-29 10:55:52
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: CNN - asking the right questions 
Hitler; the loser calling for a redo, fam
Guezz you support the rekount
Nobody still wins, lol

@_date: 2016-11-27 01:04:47
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?=22Feel_free_to_diminish_as_much_as_you_like=22_-_=22You?= =?iso-8859-1?Q?=92re_doing 
Must hav all the dataz
Nobody does care, keep posting Zzz
But do condense them a twinkle more; fukin 10 posts in a row, alllll linx;

@_date: 2016-11-23 12:41:51
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Why Taxes? 
Why not?
Why support a use tax?
Please explain yourself, sir

@_date: 2016-11-29 11:04:40
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Rising carbon dioxide is greening the Earth - but it's not all good news 
They ar as Zordon suggested
"Zwallys team calculated that the mass gain from the thickening of East
Antarctica remained steady from 1992 to 2008 at 200 billion tons per year,
while the ice losses from the coastal regions of West Antarctica and the
Antarctic Peninsula increased by 65 billion tons per year"
"They also used information on snow accumulation for tens of thousands of
years, derived by other scientists from ice cores, to conclude that East
Antarctica has been thickening for a very long time"
Like when say oposight of what is said, lol

@_date: 2016-11-29 10:44:22
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
Instead of thinking for yourself, you subscribe to a predetermined pattern
of behavior, citing "what pothead's think" as a foundation for your truth
Eat it
In a sensory deprevation tank
It is not, why keep trying to conflate the effects of canabiz and alkahil

@_date: 2016-11-27 11:22:09
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
Chemically, yes but not legally or socially, or you'd be in jail and out
of a job, fam
Cuz you didnut try it, or address it
.5g flower is 100mg THC
I said 500mg THC
Eat it
Hate women, do ya =D
You did, or ya wudent have been fishing for tips
BSides, alcohol becomes sugar and you get diabeetees
Propoganda, much
I not live in yer country, fam

@_date: 2016-11-27 00:56:47
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
If you think alcohol is less than or equal to "drugs" in
harmfulness, but maybe you are intentionally misreading
Purchase some alcohol and find out
Ditch that grain shit and anything with added yeast or preserves, fam
Wild ferment some honey and apples 'til it be wine
Don let Rrrr see you doin this hipster shit, tho
Blame it on the a a a a a a alcohol

@_date: 2016-11-25 19:34:48
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
Wrong! (I'm on my Donald Trump shit [1])
And CO2, which you breath in all day
Ever use soap?
Grab some dry ice and stop being such a grinch
You listen to way too much Necro
Proly making soap
[1]:

@_date: 2016-11-25 19:21:01
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
Yeah, I meant the other way
Seems to be working if you think alcohol is less than or equal to drugs in
Read a book =)
"Because cannabinoid receptors [unlike opioid receptors] are not located
in the brainstem areas controlling respiration, lethal overdoses from
cannabis and cannabinoids do not occur."[1]
500mg edible dose is .5g of oil, ~2.5g of cannabis @ ~20% THC
Try it
When inhaled, THC travels directly to the brain, as
When eaten, THC is metabolized by the liver, which converts it to
[1]: The Internet

@_date: 2016-11-23 12:30:13
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
On who? Prove it
High Price - Dr. Carl Hart
Getting it in early for the Chelsea elections?
Take 500mg edible dose and say that shit

@_date: 2016-11-23 12:12:36
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
But your stupid argument says these two options have the same effect =D
The outcome can be twisted that way, sure, but then it defends the idea
that if the majority of a state votes for a candidate the entire state
voted for that candidate, which is dishonest
You are being dishonest here, 'memba?
Yeah, I 'memba!
You proly believe that satuated fat and cholesterol are bad for you, too
And that "organic" food is more expensive
And that it is healthier, because "organic pesticides"

@_date: 2016-11-12 20:18:39
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
John = Juan
Clarifies Juan's deep knowledge of a place he don't live.

@_date: 2016-11-23 12:56:08
@_author: xorsict@sigaint.org 
@_subject: CNN - asking the right questions 
How Hitler Became a Dictator
by Jacob G. Hornberger
Whenever U.S. officials wish to demonize someone, they inevitably compare
him to Adolf Hitler. The message immediately resonates with people because
everyone knows that Hitler was a brutal dictator.
But how many people know how Hitler actually became a dictator? My bet is,
very few. Id also bet that more than a few people would be surprised at
how he pulled it off, especially given that after World War I Germany had
become a democratic republic.
The story of how Hitler became a dictator is set forth in The Rise and
Fall of the Third Reich, by William Shirer, on which this article is
In the presidential election held on March 13, 1932, there were four
candidates: the incumbent, Field Marshall Paul von Hindenburg, Hitler, and
two minor candidates, Ernst Thaelmann and Theodore Duesterberg. The
results were:
Hindenburg 49.6 percent
Hitler 30.1 percent
Thaelmann 13.2 percent
Duesterberg 6.8 percent
At the risk of belaboring the obvious, almost 70 percent of the German
people voted against Hitler
causing his supporter Joseph Goebbels, who would later become Hitlers
minister of propaganda, to lament in his journal, Were beaten; terrible
outlook. Party circles badly depressed and dejected.
Since Hindenberg had not received a majority of the vote, however, a
runoff election had to be held among the top three vote-getters. On April
19, 1932, the runoff results were:
Hindenburg 53.0 percent
Hitler 36.8 percent
Thaelmann 10.2 percent
Thus, even though Hitlers vote total had risen, he still had been
decisively rejected by the German people.
On June 1, 1932, Hindenberg appointed Franz von Papen as chancellor of
Germany, whom Shirer described as an unexpected and ludicrous figure.
Papen immediately dissolved the Reichstag (the national congress) and
called for new elections, the third legislative election in five months.
Hitler and his fellow members of the National Socialist (Nazi) Party, who
were determined to bring down the republic and establish dictatorial rule
in Germany, did everything they could to create chaos in the streets,
including initiating political violence and murder. The situation got so
bad that martial law was proclaimed in Berlin.
Even though Hitler had badly lost the presidential election, he was
drawing ever-larger crowds during the congressional election. As Shirer
points out,
In one day, July 27, he spoke to 60,000 persons in Brandenburg, to nearly
as many in Potsdam, and that evening to 120,000 massed in the giant
Grunewald Stadium in Berlin while outside an additional 100,000 heard his
voice by loudspeaker.
Hitlers Rise to Power
The July 31, 1932, election produced a major victory for Hitlers National
Socialist Party. The party won 230 seats in the Reichstag, making it
Germanys largest political party, but it still fell short of a majority
in the 608-member body.
On the basis of that victory, Hitler demanded that President Hindenburg
appoint him chancellor and place him in complete control of the state.
Otto von Meissner, who worked for Hindenburg, later testified at
Hindenburg replied that because of the tense situation he could not in
good conscience risk transferring the power of government to a new party
such as the National Socialists, which did not command a majority and
which was intolerant, noisy and undisciplined.
Political deadlocks in the Reichstag soon brought a new election, this one
in November 6, 1932. In that election, the Nazis lost two million votes
and 34 seats. Thus, even though the National Socialist Party was still the
largest political party, it had clearly lost ground among the voters.
Attempting to remedy the chaos and the deadlocks, Hindenburg fired Papen
and appointed an army general named Kurt von Schleicher as the new German
chancellor. Unable to secure a majority coalition in the Reichstag,
however, Schleicher finally tendered his resignation to Hindenburg, 57
days after he had been appointed.
On January 30, 1933, President Hindenburg appointed Adolf Hitler
chancellor of Germany. Although the National Socialists never captured
more than 37 percent of the national vote, and even though they still held
a minority of cabinet posts and fewer than 50 percent of the seats in the
Reichstag, Hitler and the Nazis set out to to consolidate their power.
With Hitler as chancellor, that proved to be a fairly easy task.
The Reichstag Fire
On February 27, Hitler was enjoying supper at the Goebbels home when the
telephone rang with an emergency message: The Reichstag is on fire! Hitler
and Goebbels rushed to the fire, where they encountered Hermann Goering,
who would later become Hitlers air minister. Goering was shouting at the
top of his lungs,
This is the beginning of the Communist revolution! We must not wait a
minute. We will show no mercy. Every Communist official must be shot,
where he is found. Every Communist deputy must this very day be strung up.
The day after the fire, the Prussian government announced that it had
found communist publications stating,
Government buildings, museums, mansions and essential plants were to be
burned down . Women and children were to be sent in front of terrorist
groups. The burning of the Reichstag was to be the signal for a bloody
insurrection and civil war. It has been ascertained that today was to
have seen throughout Germany terrorist acts against individual persons,
against private property, and against the life and limb of the peaceful
population, and also the beginning of general civil war.
So how was Goering so certain that the fire had been set by communist
terrorists? Arrested on the spot was a Dutch communist named Marinus van
der Lubbe. Most historians now believe that van der Lubbe was actually
duped by the Nazis into setting the fire and probably was even assisted by
them, without his realizing it.
Why would Hitler and his associates turn a blind eye to an impending
terrorist attack on their national congressional building or actually
assist with such a horrific deed? Because they knew what government
officials have known throughout history that during extreme national
emergencies, people are most scared and thus much more willing to
surrender their liberties in return for security. And thats exactly what
happened during the Reichstag terrorist crisis.
Suspending Civil Liberties
The day after the fire, Hitler persuaded President Hindenburg to issue a
decree entitled, For the Protection of the People and the State. Justified
as a defensive measure against Communist acts of violence endangering the
state, the decree suspended the constitutional guarantees pertaining to
civil liberties:
Restrictions on personal liberty, on the right of free expression of
opinion, including freedom of the press; on the rights of assembly and
association; and violations of the privacy of postal, telegraphic and
telephonic communications; and warrants for house searches, orders for
confiscations as well as restrictions on property, are also permissible
beyond the legal limits otherwise prescribed.
Two weeks after the Reichstag fire, Hitler requested the Reichstag to
temporarily delegate its powers to him so that he could adequately deal
with the crisis. Denouncing opponents to his request, Hitler shouted,
Germany will be free, but not through you! When the vote was taken, the
result was 441 for and 84 against, giving Hitler the two-thirds majority
he needed to suspend the German constitution. On March 23, 1933, what has
gone down in German history as the Enabling Act made Hitler dictator of
Germany, freed of all legislative and constitutional constraints.
The Judiciary Under Hitler
One of the most dramatic consequences was in the judicial arena. Shirer
points out,
Under the Weimar Constitution judges were independent, subject only to the
law, protected from arbitrary removal and bound at least in theory by
Article 109 to safeguard equality before the law.
In fact, in the Reichstag terrorist case, while the court convicted van
der Lubbe of the crime (who was executed), three other defendants, all
communists, were acquitted, which infuriated Hitler and Goering. Within a
month, the Nazis had transferred jurisdiction over treason cases from the
Supreme Court to a new Peoples Court, which, as Shirer points out,
soon became the most dreaded tribunal in the land. It consisted of two
professional judges and five others chosen from among party officials, the
S.S. and the armed forces, thus giving the latter a majority vote. There
was no appeal from its decisions or sentences and usually its sessions
were held in camera. Occasionally, however, for propaganda purposes when
relatively light sentences were to be given, the foreign correspondents
were invited to attend.
One of the Reichstag terrorist defendants, who had angered Goering during
the trial with a severe cross-examination of Goering, did not benefit from
his acquittal. Shirer explains:
The German communist leader was immediately taken into protective custody,
where he remained until his death during the second war.
In addition to the Peoples Court, which handled treason cases, the Nazis
also set up the Special Court, which handled cases of political crimes or
insidious attacks against the government. These courts
consisted of three judges, who invariably had to be trusted party members,
without a jury. A Nazi prosecutor had the choice of bringing action in
such cases before either an ordinary court or the Special Court, and
invariably he chose the latter, for obvious reasons. Defense lawyers
before this court, as before the Volksgerichtshof, had to be approved by
Nazi officials. Sometimes even if they were approved they fared badly.
Thus the lawyers who attempted to represent the widow of Dr. Klausener,
the Catholic Action leader murdered in the Blood Purge, in her suit for
damages against the State were whisked off to Sachsenhausen concentration
camp, where they were kept until they formally withdrew the action.
Even lenient treatment by the Special Court was no guarantee for the
defendant, however, as Pastor Martin Niemoeller discovered when he was
acquitted of major political charges and sentenced to time served for
minor charges. Leaving the courtroom, Niemoeller was taken into custody by
the Gestapo and taken to a concentration camp.
The Nazis also implemented a legal concept called Schutzhaft or protective
custody which enabled them to arrest and incarcerate people without
charging them with a crime. As Shirer put it:
Protective custody did not protect a man from possible harm, as it did in
more civilized countries. It punished him by putting him behind barbed
On August 2, 1934, Hindenburg died, and the title of president was
abolished. Hitlers title became Fuehrer and Reich Chancellor. Not
surprisingly, he used the initial four-year temporary grant of emergency
powers that had been given to him by the Enabling Act to consolidate his
omnipotent control over the entire country.
Accepting the New Order
Oddly enough, even though his dictatorship very quickly became complete,
Hitler returned to the Reichstag every four years to renew the temporary
delegation of emergency powers that it had given him to deal with the
Reichstag-arson crisis. Needless to say, the Reichstag rubber-stamped each
of his requests.
For their part, the German people quickly accepted the new order of
things. Keep in mind that the average non-Jewish German was pretty much
unaffected by the new laws and decrees. As long as a German citizen kept
his head down, worked hard, took care of his family, sent his children to
the public schools and the Hitler Youth organization, and, most important,
didnt involve himself in political dissent against the government, a
visit by the Gestapo was very unlikely.
Keep in mind also that, while the Nazis established concentration camps in
the 1930s, the number of inmates ranged in the thousands. It wouldnt be
until the 1940s that the death camps and the gas chambers that killed
millions would be implemented. Describing how the average German adapted
to the new order, Shirer writes,
The overwhelming majority of Germans did not seem to mind that their
personal freedom had been taken away, that so much of culture had been
destroyed and replaced with a mindless barbarism, or that their life and
work had become regimented to a degree never before experienced even by a
people accustomed for generations to a great deal of regimentation. The
Nazi terror in the early years affected the lives of relatively few
Germans and a newly arrived observer was somewhat surprised to see that
the people of this country did not seem to feel that they were being
cowed. On the contrary, they supported it with genuine enthusiasm.
Somehow it imbued them wi
Oh snap:
