
@_date: 2017-02-13 16:58:11
@_author: Yosem Companys 
@_subject: Mobile App for ICE Checkpoints? 
Hi Folks,
Glad to see new energy around this idea of using technology to fight back
against an oppressive system.
I started an open source project to see if there was interest in developing
an app that provides real-time verified alerts about immigration raids to
people. I've gone through a couple of iterations of this idea.
I'm sure I'm not the only or first one to think of something like this, but
I first came across this idea while working at United We Dream and
collaborating with MIT's Center for Civic Media on a project called
Undocutech .
Then the idea resurfaced while I was helping build some online
infrastructure for Movimiento Cosecha . I started
working on a prototype using Meteor.js, but felt discouraged by the lack of
interest and haven't really worked on it. A couple of months ago, I
refactored the prototype to use React.js, a modern front-end framework.
That project is currently open-sourced, and on Github:*
Open-sourcing it was an attempt at gaining attention/energy, and help in
developing the project. However, considering the sensitivity of the
subject, a serious solution would most likely need to be developed in
private. I've already been faced with questions/concerns about the security
of open sourcing an app like this.
I've also realized through some iterations of a solution, that a mobile app
is not really necessary. The core functionality of something like this can
be accomplished with SMS. If anything, a web app can be used to present the
data about where raids are happening. And that would allow for less attack
vectors if there is no website, or app, to hack into.
I must also admit that I'm not much of an organizer (or salesperson), so I
never put prototypes in front of people to validate and get feedback from
the people this solution would serve.
For a project like this, more that just developers and designers would be
   - Project Managers
   - Organizers to train people on using the tech, and work orgs on pushing
   it to the public
   - Fundraisers
   - Maybe some lawyers to at least be conscious of the legal lines
   something like this would blur
A bit about myself:
Born in Mexico, I've grown up in Phoenix since I was four. I'm currently a
DACAmented person, and work as a full stack developer. I started out in the
movement in 2009 while attending Arizona State University. After
graduating, and being a farm-hand while having a Business Management degree
for a few summers, I decided to go back to the city of Phoenix and start a
business repairing computers.
My involvement in the movement also led me to pick up graphic design
skills, website skills, mainly because it was needed and I would volunteer
for that kind of stuff. I eventually served as Online Coordinator for
United We Dream around the time we started asking for administrative relief.
While at United We Dream, I had the honor to meet Aaron Swartz (RIP) while
he was at ThoughWorks. I remember him telling us about our ideas for apps
(paraphrased) "Don't worry about whether it's technically possible. If the
movement needs it, I can build it for you."
That blew my mind.
It inspired me to continue into my passion of design and technology. I
moonlit some online courses for a year, then decided to be a freelance web
developer to accelerate my learning. I did that for a couple of years. It's
been a tough road, but I recently got a job as a web developer, where I am
learning even faster, and want to put that knowledge to good use. And I
think the time is right.
I look forward to seeing something come to fruition.

@_date: 2018-04-08 23:20:17
@_author: Yosem Companys 
@_subject: Help Puerto Rico use tech for social good 
Dear friends and colleagues,
   - How should the Puerto Rican government use technology to improve
   quality of life and socioeconomic development, especially in the poorest
   and most vulnerable communities?
I would appreciate your emailing me as soon as possible one-sentence
proposed actions in the format of "Do X with Y to achieve Z." Feel free to
share links to any case studies or articles that may show their successful
implementation elsewhere.
Your proposed actions could apply to any societal sector including and not
limited to:
   - Accountability;
   - Affordable access to Internet, Web, mobile, or mesh, among others;
   - Agriculture;
   - Disaster relief;
   - Economic growth and development;
   - Education and training, whether primary, secondary, higher education,
   vocational, or online;
   - Entrepreneurship;
   - Environment;
   - Food;
   - Health;
   - Housing that's affordable but can resist storms;
   - Jobs;
   - Manufacturing;
   - Open data;
   - Open governance;
   - Pharma/Biotech;
   - Privacy;
   - Public safety;
   - Security, physical or cyber;
   - Transportation; and,
   - Water.
Please share with your closest 1-million friends, post on all your social
media accounts, or email to all your other lists.
I truly appreciate your help.

@_date: 2018-06-14 19:13:10
@_author: Yosem Companys 
@_subject: Stanford Liberationtech Needs Your Help 
Hi All,
The Program on Liberation Technologies at Stanford University (LT)
 has been going strong since circa
2006. Since then, LT has helped thousands design, use, and research
technologies that foster the public good.
Recently, the decision was made to spin off LT as an independent entity.
I'm one of the people tasked with doing so. Here are LT's major needs:
   - Recruit people to develop a new website, logo, and graphics.
   - Identify a legal jurisdiction with strong security and privacy laws
   and regulations and a server provider with a stellar reputation at
   protecting user security and privacy to host the site.
   - Determine whether to maintain LT's mailing lists on Mailman
    or to
   transition them to a content management system (e.g., Discourse.org).
   - Assess the best legal structure for LT (e.g., digital cooperative).
Any ideas? Thanks for your help and advice.
P.S. I'm sending this email on behalf LT's co-founders and not Stanford
