
@_date: 2002-04-24 02:05:05
@_author: required 
@_subject: Have you fired your boss yet? 
A few months back I joined a program and then...promptly forgot about it.  You may have done this yourself sometime...you intend to work the program but then get caught in your day-to-day activities and it`s soon forgotten.
The program was free to join so maybe I just didn`t take it very seriously.
Anyway, near the end of May I received a letter from my sponsor informing me that I had more than 2000 PAID members in my downline!
As you can imagine, I was very skeptical.  After all, how could I have more than 2000 paid members under me in a program that I had never promoted?
I took the time to check out the site...then write to my sponsor asking for the confirmation that these were paid members not just free sign-ups...like me:) Well, it was true...I had 2365 paid members in my downline.  This in a program that I had never worked!
All I had to do was upgrade to a paid membership before the end of the month and I would have my position locked in and a downline of 2365 people.
You can bet I wasted no time in getting my membership upgraded!
I can tell you, if I had known what was happenning with this program, I would have become an active paid member months ago!
With this program, you will get a HUGE downline of PAID MEMBERS.  My sponsor`s check, which is a minimum of $5,000, arrives every month...on time.
How would you like to lock your position in FREE while you check out this opportunity and watch your downline grow?
Just join Post Launch;
To sign up simply reply to: yveschantallagasse
Type in Subject:Send my FREE Membership (required)
Type in Letter: Your First and Last NAme (required)
Your E-mail address (if different from above)
We will confirm your position and send you a special report as soon as possible, also Your Free Member Number.
This is ONE TIME mailing - your name is already on our exclude list.
I`ll get you entered and let you know how you can keep track of your growing downline.
That`s all there`s to it.  No obligation.  No risk.  Do it now!
I`ll then send you info, and you can make up your mind.
I hope to hear from you soon,
Yves Lagasse
P.S.  After having several negative experiences with network marketing companies I had pretty much given up on them.  This company is different--it offers value,integrity,and a REAL opportunity to have your own home -based business...and finally make real money on the `Net.
Their revolutionary Vertical Integration plan is amazing and GUARANTEES that you will have PAID members placed in your downline.
Don`t pass this up...you can sign up and test-drive the program for FREE.  Just join Post Launch now for FREE.  nothing more to it.
You have nothing to lose and potentially a LOT to gain.  Just do it!
