
@_date: 2008-12-22 11:13:33
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: P2P Energy Economy: request for critical 
Are you saying Capitalism (or "The Free Market", or whatever
'governance' is currently running) doesn't *let* scalable/distributed
"city" models exist?
Even if you didn't mean to say that, I think it is partially true.
The deepest failing of our current economic kernel (the way we
structure tax and trade) is the problem it has with our success.
It's funny you mention that specific game, as it was recently
relicensed (Jan-10-2008) to GNU GPLv3 and renamed Micropolis. --
Here are some other Free Software games we we might harvest ideas and code from:
 >>Cultivation is a game about a community of
gardeners growing food for themselves in a shared space.
 >>Warzone 2100 is a real-time strategy game,
developed by Pumpkin Studios and published by Eidos-Interactive(TM).
Although comparable to Earth2150(TM) in many significant respects, it
does contain aspects that are unique. These include various radar
technologies, a greater focus on artillery and counter-battery
technologies, more frequent in-game cinematic updates as gameplay
progress, as well as a different vehicle design method. It was
released in 1999 for both PC and Playstation(R).
 >>Economic development in
the land of the balls has rendered communism an obsolete ideology, but
one ball is ready to stand against the cruel corporate oppressors. Is
one ball enough to free the capitalist balls from their egocentric
ideology and send them to labour camps, or is the process doomed to
fail? There's only one way to find out...
 >>"Diameter" is an arcade game with elements of
economy and adventure.
 >>This is a discussion to
generate ideas and plans to create a computer game in which players
interact according to the principles of a Participatory Economy.
 >>Rules of Feudalism    Real time strategy with
small soldiers and very realistic battles (1000+ soldiers involved).
Also emphasises automation of economy rather than having to
micro-manage troops and resources.
 >>"spring_alpha" is a networked game system
set in an industrialised council estate whose inhabitants are
attempting to create their own autonomous society in contrast to that
of the regime in which they live. The game serves as a "sketch pad"
for testing out alternative forms of social practice at both the
"narrative" level, in terms of the game story, and at a "code" level,
as players are able to re-write the code that runs the simulated
world. The original narrative is based on a series of drawings by Chad
McCail, "Spring" and "Evolution is Not Over yet", which also shape the
game's visual style. The original stories and images become a
framework that is fleshed-out by people's own ideas and experiences.
The basic aim of the game is to change the rules by which the society
in that world runs. This is done through hacking and altering the code
that simulates that world, creating new types of behaviour and social
interaction. How effective this becomes depends on the players'
ability to spread these new ideas into the society.
 >>Gamma Low is a multiplayer strategy game in
which two teams of light-based life-forms fight for the dominance over
a cellular system. The roles in each team are split up into a master
commander position (called The Mind), several sub-commanders (called
Spirits) and the working/attacking force, the Lights.
 >>While playing The Fortress you will design,
build and defend your very own castle.  You'll need to take care of
both economical and military aspects of your kingdom.
 >>VRSpace is free cross-platform modular 3D
community software. Features include chat, with live people or
chatbots; ready-to-use application server, mail and news server
plugins; persistence in text files or database; world editor, able to
save vrml 'screenshots', and so on.
 >>Hansa2 is an implementation of
the trade game Hansa, invented by the economist David D. Friedman. The
game is generally similar to games like Empire and Risk: the goal is
to dominate the world.
 >> Free Conquest & Colonization of America
 >>GNU motti is a simple multiplayer,
networked strategy game. The objective of the game is to conquer
enemies' capitals by occupying and encircling their territories. The
game map is an array of square cells.
 unique strategy territorial wargame and
 >>Simutrans is a freeware transportation
simulator that runs under Windows, Linux, and a few other operating
systems (Mac with Intel processors, BEOS).
 >> Free Conquest & Colonization of America
 >>"Diameter" is an arcade game with elements of
economy and adventure.
 >>8 Kingdoms is a 3D turn-based fantasy
strategic game in which players become kings, build their empires and
conquer enemy kingdoms.
 >>FreeDroidRPG is a free isometric RPG game
inspired by elements of Diablo and Fallout.
 >>This release is intended to be a fun
introduction to the Silver Tree engine. The game is heavily in
development, but most of the major intended gameplay features are
already present. Players can explore the world, build a party, fight
enemies, gain experience and assign skills, and acquire equipment.
 >>With over 20 enemies, 15
weapons, two character classes, ALTERIA boasts gameplay rarely found
in the  genre.  Equal parts RPG and action based 3-D shooter, this
game will entrall you with it's immersive atmosphere and gameplay.
 >>UFO2000 is free and opensource turn based
tactical squad simulation multiplayer game.  It is heavily inspired by
the famous X-COM: UFO Defense game.
 >>a not-for-profit effort to create a new
multi-user online role-playing game, one with a high degree of
immersiveness and believability, depth of character, and, above all,
an emphasis on Story.
 >>NightFist is a 3D Game.  Mixed
between RPG and FPS.  Szenario is timed after the last nuclear war
(remember MadMax).  The mankind attempts to survive.
 >>A tactical RPG is a type of role-playing
game where turn-based battles are fought on a 3D map. Examples of
commercial tactical RPGs include Final Fantasy Tactics, Vandal Hearts,
and Disgaea: Hour of Darkness.
 >>DccNiTghtmare is a project to make a 3d
realtime RPG with batles in turns schema. The story will be a
sarcastic post apocalyptic view of the student's life in a Computer
Science Department (look at story on the menu for more details). Any
sugestions are welcome, just put them at our forum.
 >>What this is, is hopefully a movement to
create RPG games that Linux users would be proud of. Games that would
have Windows users drooling, instead of the other way around.
 >>GearHead2 is a giant robot
roguelike role playing game set five years after the events of GH1.
Features include random plot generation, detailed character creation,
tactical/RPG modes, graphical/ASCII interfaces, and many kinds of
mecha to play with.
 >>Das Zero-Projekt ist nach einigen Umwegen
(siehe "Geschichte von Zero") im Februar 2006 mit dem Ziel gestartet
wurde, ein nichtkommerzielles Computer-Rollenspiel (cRPG) zu
entwickeln, dessen Szenerie in einem postnuklearen Deutschland
angesiedelt ist.
 >>Magic Master Project is aimed to be a modular
lightweight game development toolkit, based on Python and PyGame, for
making turnbased or realtime strategy and RPG games (single and
multiplayer).  First goal is a remake of the famous classic "Master of
Magic" game, with a better emphasize on tactical combat and network
multiplayer support.
 >>3D MMORPG multiplatform, Object
Oriented and Extreme Programmed using GPLDevKit, FreePascal and OpenGL
 >>The Expanses of Naryan will be a fully
fledged 3D Role playing game, and, possibly, a MMORPG. It uses
Irrlicht and the great modeler Blender.
 continuing where Ryzom.org left off.
 >>Help us make Ryzom a Free MMORPG! Donate now to
help us purchase the source code, artwork and other game data
associated with Ryzom, so we can breathe new life into it as an open,
democratically run player project.
 >>- it's an idea of creating a computer game,
MMORPG, which is placed in cyberpunk reality. Application is being
created for network playing, where hundreds of people can compete in
this uneasy realm. All You need to play is Internet connection and
Client application.
 >>Peragro Tempus is a unique MMORPG developed by a
dedicated group of contributors. It features a rich story coupled with
exciting gameplay for a truly immersive experience. It is set in a
lavish world with dark forests, flourishing wildlife, flowing rivers,
and rolling hills. It is a world ripe for exploration.
 RPG
==2-2.5D (Ultima, nethack, rougelike, dungeon crawl)
 >>Welcome to the Dungeondweller
homepage for roguelike development and my own roguelike hobby
projects. This site is intended as an entrypoint for anyone interested
in the development roguelike games. If you are unfamiliar with the
roguelike game genre a good definition is (modified definition taken
from Balrog and originally from ADOM)
 many Roguelikes
 From AaronBishopGames.com, the creator of
Egoboo.sf.net comes a cartoonish 3D rougelike
 >>Tower is a roguelike game for Mac, Linux (x86),
and Windows. (Java)
 >>Hero of Allacrost is a single player, 2D
sprite-based role playing game. Hero of Allacrost is also often
referred to as simply "Allacrost" or "HoA".
 >>Densetsu Online is an online RPG With 2D top
down style game play. The engine will be nice enough that you can have
live action battles, turn based seperate battles a la Final Fantasy 6.
Or even no battles and have a completely unique style of game play
(Harvest Moon). People will be able to run their own server, There
will be official and non-official servers. The difference is only in
name really. also it means that the Densetsu Online project officially
endorses the server.
 >>Final Frontier Trader is a 2D single player
space strategy, combat, and trading game. looks idle.
 >>Egoboo is a top down rpg in the spirit of
Nethack and other games of the Roguelike genre.  It uses Open GL
graphics and will have randomly generated maps and customizable
characters.  The objective of the project is to bring the fun and
depth of roguelike gameplay, kicking and screaming,  into the third
dimension.  It is still in development, but is at a playable state.
 and zippy-egoboo.sf.net >>Egoboo is a 3d dungeon
crawling adventure in the spirit of NetHack.
 >>This is the homepage of FreeCol, an open source
project that aims to provide a free Colonization clone (released under
the GPL). fkg java
 >>Lost Labyrinth is a coffeebreak dungeon
crawling game!
 >>Warp Rogue is a gothic science fantasy roguelike game.
 >>cooperative multiplayer graphical RPG
and adventure game
 >>Crossfire-Extended is a successor project
to the RPG crossfire. It contains all the maps, features and objects
of crossfire but adds 50% to the world and aims at a higher rate of
media creation.
 and Daimonin.sf.net >>Daimonin is a FREE online
role playing game (MMORPG).    In the game you will meet many other
people in our big, persistent virtual heroic fantasy world! Explore,
fight, meet friends and enemies - JOIN NOW!
 >>Ultima-like game engine (2D tile graphics)
 >>Ancient Domains of Mystery
 >>'Cause civilization should be free!
 >>3D city simulator, based on the original ideas
of the FreeReign project. also OpenCity.sf.net
 looks closed
 Ultima 7 emulator
 Dragon Hunt
 >>GNU Robbo    It's popular Atari XE/XL game
ported to Linux.
 >>top-down 2D Action RPG
 >>AGI (Adventure Game Interpreter) is the
adventure game engine used by Sierra On-Line to create some of their
early games. QT AGI Studio, formerly known as Linux AGI Studio, is a
program that allows you to view, create and edit AGI games. Basically,
it is an enhanced port of the Windows AGI Studio originally developed
by Peter Kelly.
 >>merged with SCUMMVM.org
 >>ScummVM is a program which allows you to run
certain classic graphical point-and-click adventure games, provided
you already have their data files.  The clever part about this:
ScummVM just replaces the executables shipped with the game, allowing
you to play them on systems for which they were never designed!
 >>Invoke Adventure Game Goddess and she will bring
hundreds of AGS games to your GNU/Linux
 >>space adventure/combat game In Epiar, you begin as
a shuttle pilot in a galaxy generally ruled by anarchy, with few
stable governments and numerous rebel factions.
 >>A Graphical Adventure Game System
 >>An open-source cross-platform game engine and
authoring environment, the Pipmak Game Engine enables you to create
point-and-click adventure games in the style of the Myst series,
including panoramic ones like Myst III: Exile.
 >>Siriel4 is game engine for adventure, arcade or
maze games.
 >>Adventures on Planet Zephulor
 >>Welcome to Finity Flight II, an
open-source periodical game.  Every week a new episode of Finity
Flight II is released, packed full of new adventures.
 >>It is a freeware, open source software kit
for developing and running multiplayer adventure games.
 >>The Mad Project is an attempt to create an
adventure game engine capable of creating adventure games similar to
old Sierra games such as the Quest for Glory series, the Space Quest
Series, and the King's Quest series.  The MAD engine is being
developed as an open-source, cross-platform, highly customizeable,
script-driven adventure game interpreter.  MAD itself is not a game,
but an engine that will allow people to create their own adventures
with much less effort.
==Interactive Fiction (IF), Text Adventures
 >>the adventure game website
 >>Text Adventure Development System
 >>The competition for short text adventures.
 Inform 6 and 7 >>A Design System for
Interactive Fiction Based on Natural Language
 IFComp.org, IFiction.org
 >>The Phantasmal MUDLib is a DGD MUDLib under
active development.
 >>Glulx is a portable VM, like the Z-machine.
 >>Hugo is a complete design system
for developing interactive fiction. It has been used for creating
classic text adventure games in the Infocom tradition, for developing
commercial games, and for prototyping other applications. In addition
to an extremely sophisticated full-sentence-cognizant interface, Hugo
also allows a developer to incorporate graphics and video (which are
optional for those who lack either the hardware or inclination to view
them) as well as sound effects, music, and mouse control.
 >>This is a collaborative project of The
Guardian's gamesblog community. The aim is simply to create the
greatest group-generated text adventure in the world ever.
 >>IF Quake is a recreation of id
Software's Quake using the Inform programming language. Inform is a
language for creating Interactive Fiction games, or simply IF.
 >>Welcome to WikiRPS, the totally online,
community-developed role-playing system.
 >>Journey deep into abandoned castles, solve
intricate puzzles, fight strange creatures, and wield arcane power.
Adventure with a group of intrepid companions in the tradition of "The
Three Musketeers" or "The Lord of the Rings."
==MUD, MOO, MU, MUSH
 >>LambdaMOO is both the name of a MUD and the
name of MUD server software. This page is about the server software,
not the particular MUD.
 and P2PMUD.sf.net
 ComMOOnity
 LogMOO
 "online multi-user environment
specifically designed for educational applications"
==3D, Quake*
 >>XreaL will be a non-commercial multiplayer only
first person shooter based on a heavily modified Quake 3 Arena engine
(id Tech 3).  The aim is to push the rendering technology until it can
be compared with current commercial titles and then to produce a
playable Total Conversion.  Quake 3 Arena's gameplay will be only
slightly modified.  The simpleness of the original game will stay but
the game media will be replaced completely with high quality assets
that match the new engine's technology.
 >>A Fast Paced First Person Shooter Game
 Sauerbraten.sf.net replaces CubeEngine.com
 >>Cube mapping, modding, and mayhem
 >>Eisenstern is a novel RPG game built on the
Sauerbraten engine. We are currently in the preproduction phase.
 sf.net/projects/bloodfrontier >>Blood
Frontier is a total conversion modification of the Sauerbraten engine
which will provide a deeper single player experience, effective AI,
new game modes, and more online features.
 >>Police Forces - the free
CounterStrike-Clone.  The game engine is Sauerbraten.
 >>EDM is a fork of the Sauerbraten FPS engine which
adds new gameplay and engine features. Sauerbraten was written by
Wouter van Oortmersen and others. Sauerbraten data was created by
several authors, see the included readme files for more info. EDM code
and data is maintained and hacked on mostly by Johannes Kroll,
contributions are welcome.
 >>Some time ago ID Software released the source
code for their old Wolfenstein game, it was the first FPS game I can
remember, with very cool graphics at the time it was released but not
very nice for today's standards.  I don't know the reason why nobody
had any interest in it, I've seen several ports of Hexen, Heretic and
Doom but nobody did a Wolfenstein port.
 >>Duke3D runs natively on Linux now, thanks
to 3DRealms releasing the game source. requires original game files.
 >>Transfusion plunges you into a world
originally created in 1997 by Monolith Productions. Created with the
BUILD game engine (Duke Nukem, Shadow Warrior), Blood was a tour de
force of horror that has yet to be matched, in which you battled
minions of evil in a lightning-paced, blood splattered quest for
 >>2 teams, vampires and slayers, they have
to kill each other - simple eh ?
 >>Hello and welcome to the DXX Rebirth project
page.  This project is dedicated to one of the best first-person
shooters of the nineties:    DESCENT
 >>Welcome to the home of D2X-XL, a D2X version for
MS Windows, Linux and Mac OS X, containing a host of bug fixes,
improvements and enhancements compared to standard D2X.
 >>framework for a Multiplayer FPS (First Person
Shooter). Built on the base of yake.org
 >>multi-user, interactive, distributed,
high-quality 3D graphics and audio
 >>Eternal Lands is a FREE MMORPG (massively
multiplayer online role playing game) currently under development.
 being reborn as CrystalCore.CrystalSpace3D.org
 >>Tremulous is a free, open source game that
blends a team based FPS with elements of an RTS.
 >>Aleph One is an open-source descendent of
Bungie's Marathon 2
 >>Ultima Online client
 >>The Interreality project is a collection of
Open Source,  Free Software projects based on the Virtual Object
System (VOS) platform. The primary goal of the Interreality project is
to develop a free and open platform for multiuser 3D virtual reality
and interactive, collaborative 3D virtual spaces, and collaborative
data systems in general. As part of this effort we have developed the
Virtual Object System, a powerful networking platform with many
applications in and beyond virtual reality. The VOS community is small
but growing and we invite you to join us.
 >>N-Grave is an on-line 3D single
or multi-player strategy game.  It's like Quake and Tremulous except
it's pseudo-turn based, you control a squad, and there are specific
mission objectives.  There is also an advanced AI to play against.
 >>Nuclear Graveyard is a 3D squad-based
strategy game.  In brief, it's Quake with strategy and action points,
and it runs on Windows or Linux.  It used to be called Laser Squad 3D,
but has been changed considerably since it was renamed.
 >>Last Remaining is a first
person shooter and role-playing game in the same vein as Deus Ex.
There will be an engrossing storyline, and the player must take
whatever action is necessary to get to the bottom of the mystery.
 VRML engine and some games for
it, mostly using FreePascal.org
 >>The Freedoom project aims to create a
complete Doom-based game which is Free Software.
 >>PrBoom is the culmination of years of work by
various people and projects on the Doom source code.
 >>Industri is a First Person Shooter single
player game modification using the Doom 3 engine.
 >>The aim is to create versions of Doom, Heretic
and Hexen that feel the same as the original games but are implemented
using modern techniques such as 3D graphics.
 >>ZDoom is an enhanced port of the official DOOM
source code to Win32. As such, it not only works with (and requires)
Windows 95/NT 4.0, but it also adds new features not found in the
version published by id Software.
 >>Windows/Unix/Mac OS X source port of Doom,
Heretic and Hexen. Lets you enjoy the original games using modern
technology.  Supports e.g. OpenGL, Direct3D, DirectSound3D, 3D models,
unlimited framerate, high-resolution graphics, simulated radiosity.
 >>This is the right place to start playing
QuakeWorld(R) --- the fastest first person shooter action game ever.
 >>We are developing GPL-compatible content -
including models, maps, sounds and textures - which are required for a
fully GPL game using the GPL Quake source.
 >>Unofficial Quake Engine
 >>.: The Quake Revitalization Project :.
 >>Prydon Gate is a hack and slash
action adventure role playing game similar in game play to some giants
in the history of games such as Diablo.
 >>Dark Places is a Quake
modification I have built over the course of 6 years on and off
experimenting, it got somewhat of an overhaul when the Quake engine
source code was released, and I began developing a custom OpenGL-only
engine for it and other mods, which supports Windows WGL and Linux
GLX, and has greatly improved graphics and image quality.
 >>Tenebrae is a modification of the quake
source that adds stencil shadows and per pixel lights to quake.
Stencil shadows allow for realistic shadow effects on every object in
the game world.  Per pixel lighting allows you to have fine surface
details correctly lit.  These are essentially the same algorithms as
used by the new Doom game.
 >>Telejano is a modified Quake engine.
Derived from the TomazQuake engine, Telejano is bigger, badder, and
better.  Telejano adds in so much more new effects that it is over
1000 kilobytes in size: More than twice the size of TomazQuake.  It
may not have as much super-effects as Tenebrae, but I don't think the
Quake monsters would keep the wall/floor that squeaky clean
 Quake 1 mod
 Quake1 remake
 >>QuakeForge is a 3D graphics game engine based
on id Software's legendary Quake and QuakeWorld game engine.
 >>Quake2World is an unsupported, unofficial,
multiplayer-only iteration of id Software's Quake II. It aims to blend
the very best aspects of the entire Quake series to deliver an
enjoyable FPS experience in a free to download, stand-alone game.
 Quake2 total conversion
 Quake 2 mod
 advanced Quake2 engine
 >>Welcome to the Nexuiz project website. Nexuiz is a
3d deathmatch game project, created online by a team of developers
called Alientrap
 >>Zymotic is a single
player first person action game being developed by Alientrap software.
 >>This game combines some of the very best
aspects of such games as Quake III and Unreal Tournament and wraps
them up with a retro alien theme, while adding tons of original ideas
to make the game quite unique. AlienArena.org
 >>A completely free game for the FOSS Quake 3(TM) Engine
 Quake3 total conversion.  Some data files may
not be free.  see also sf.net/projects/wop-gamecode and
 >>The game is set in an imaginary
universe where fearless pilots fight to the death with their
futuristic vehicles. Gameplay lies somewhere between the
Mechwarrior-series and Quake 3. It is faster and more
action-orientated than in Mechwarrior, but tries to avoid the
known from Quake 3.
 >>Now I'm not saying that the current team
will take this game to a new level, but who knows what might happen
once the source is released?
 source at
 Quake3 replacement data
 >>Our permanent goal is to create the open source
Quake 3 distribution upon which people base their games and projects.
===Lower Tech 3D
 >>This is a home page of the Citadel (Cytadela)
project - a conversion of an Amiga Doom clone "Cytadela".  The
original was created in mid 1990's by Virtual Design, and released
firstly in Poland and then in other countries.
 >>Alpha Shooter was born as a project for
the Computer Graphics course at the University of Bologna. The main
objective was to develop a very simple 3D game using the OpenGL, GLU
and GLUT libraries only (and some creativity). Emphasis was not placed
on the game itself, rather on learning how to use the libraries to
produce a 3D environment and interact with it; it was thus required to
build a suitable scenery using polygonal meshes and quadric surfaces,
appropriate textures and materials, lights, and effects.
 >>Space Plumber is a first-person 3d
game, not much different to Doom and Quake. The main goal is to reach
the extraction pumps before the water level increases swamping
everything. Each of the 30 levels that conform the game have
progressive difficulty by adding more pumps and consoles that you must
deactivate first, and by making the map bigger. There are no enemies,
you fight against time and misorientation, and you only have your
skills to move inside the maze.
==Real Time Strategy (RTS)
 >>Welcome to the Spring Project. This is
an open source project developing a new realtime strategy game.
 >>Site undergoing maintainence, to be continued.
 >>Global Domination Project
 >>A CrystalSpace template game
 >>You may sell additional units, models, scenarios,
etc, but modifications to the core game must remain open source.
 >>medieval-fantasy setting and standard rule
sets; but trying to be focused on community and roleplay instead of
other aspects.
 >>It is the evolution and combination of the
web, chat, instant messaging, and voice communication. It is not just
a graphical user interface (GUI), but an immersive user interface
(IUI). The interverse is a virtual universe running on top of the
 >>Bringer of Light is a free and
open-source single-player roleplaying game set in a mythological

@_date: 2008-12-23 11:45:42
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open and free games 
My take is probably too simple.  I am interested in:
1.) Licensing traditions and the artificial separation of code and
art. (For example, using CC for a texture or sound-effect when GNU
[A]GPL would make the program more easily distributable and also
insuring future User Freedom)
2.) Artisan defiance and sarcasm used to cut through corporate media
stronghold to expose socially important issues.  (For example,
  "'AIDS drugs are not available
in Africa. It's here they would be the most usefull, tough
pharmaceutical industries and USA has decided differently...'"
3.) What "Business Model" can be used to 'support' such activity.
More generally: How can artisans specialize interdependently without
excessive "Tit-for-Tat" value accounting.
4.) Using the best of each to make a nature simulation fostering
player-defined notions of property, law, incorporation, government,
tax, trade, etc. - so we can have a better "Mode of Production
Maybe someone from one these places would like to write such a "state
of the art article":

@_date: 2008-02-02 23:56:34
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer governance and democracy, request to Ned 
Hello Ned, Michel and all researchers,
I'd like to ask a question that may seem too stupid to be worth
answering, but I wonder if the reason it hasn't occured to us is
because it is just too obvious to consider.
First, a claim about ownership:
1. == When users are owners, tension is 'fair'
In some (usually very small) cases, the users and the owners are
actually the same set of people.  If each of those users has as much
vote-control (as measured by the percentage of ownership they hold)
needed to accomplish the goals they desire, then conflicts could only
be structured as: [a subset of owners vs. another subset of owners].
This levels the playing field, and avoids the uneven case we are
usually fighting: [a subset of non-owning users vs. a subset of
Second, a claim about scale:
2. == Profit should be treated as an investment from the user who pays it
Users pay price above cost (even if just through excessive exposure to
unwanted advertising and lack of freedom) when they don't have
ownership, so profit should be treated as a plea for growth, and may
be 'balanced' by treating it as an investment from the specific user
that pays it.  By doing this, ownership flows continuously to those
who are willing to pay for it - thereby holding the first claim (
"in place" in a sort of self-correcting dynamic.
Third, a question about implementation:
3. == While Copyleft jujitsu requires Copyright, Propertyleft will
require Property rights
Could we write a contract similar in spirit to the GNU GPL that
describes  in legal language, and then apply that contract to some
of our OWN property - maybe as a kind of corporate "Terms of
Operation" so that Freedom is guaranteed for all users by causing each
and every user to incrementally become partial owners (and
simultaneously be growing the organization) whenever they pay price
above cost?
If some of us were to start a small business or organization and
become owners ourselves, we could choose to steer the power we might
be otherwise tempted to hold against new users so the system would
scale as control is contiuously distributed.
Allowing every user *real* ownership over the investments they pay for
(as measured by the amount they pay above real costs of production)
would enable owning subgroups to 'fork' whenever they thought they
were large enough to survive on their own, and would also insure the
whole organization couldn't suddenly be aquired by a big-fish, since
each user would have real and divisible ownership (note: ownership
would NOT be equal, because some users are very active and willing to
pay (invest) alot, while others may be willing to spend very little
time, energy or money).
Maybe property ownership isn't the problem per-se; maybe the problem
is more about WHO the owners are.  Notice, that while Richard Stallman
dislikes how Copyright is usually used, he didn't abandon it.
Instead, he used it in a subversive manner to insure every user would
have control of the 'virtual' means of production.  Maybe we could do
something similar with property to insure every user gains control
over the 'physical' means of production.
We would still need to hire skilled personell whenever we couldn't do
it ourselves, but at least we would have the reins, and could fire
them if they ever tried to act against us.
Yes, there will always be individual and group idiosyncracies, but
those conflicts will be more 'fair' when each user is gaining real
Hoping for thoughtful critique,
Patrick Anderson
President, Personal Sovereignty Foundation

@_date: 2008-02-09 12:54:01
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mode of production shootout 
Sam, Mich[a]el, and other researching peers,
Hey Sam.
I found Marcin's SourceOpen.org stuff maybe back in 2003 [
 ]
when I was trying to get the "Permaculture Propagation Project" and
the more general "Communityism" ideas going.
I have alot of respect for his "Open Source Ecology", "Open Farm Tech"
and now "Neocommercialization" initiatives, and of course for your
help with them.
I've been thinking about this shootout idea for quite a while now, but
suddenly got the urge to work on it "in the open" before thinking it
through fully because that tends to only cause me too much
I definitely want to include more Modes, but have some questions/trouble:
1. I am not always sure what to name them.
2. The table is already kinda cramped.  Maybe we could break it into
two or more tables?
3. I'm not sure User:Mattcoop even considers "Open Enterprise" a Mode,
so would you please replace it for now with Neocommercialization (or
whatever title you prefer).
Sorry to be daft, but I'm not really sure what you mean.
Maybe you could give it a go and I'll try to fill-in with whatever
seems missing (insert questions in your explanation if that will

@_date: 2008-02-11 10:56:41
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mode of production shootout 
It is *because* of the only slight differences between mode[l]s that I
made the table; and to also highlight how they were the same.
I actually just added the column right before reading this mail, but
will just undo the change if you would rather not make the comparison.
By the way, I've wondered if 'Neocommerce' might be less of a
mouthful, but of course that is your business (trademark).

@_date: 2008-02-11 11:09:54
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open letter to Routledge 
Will we (the users/consumers) ever stop begging the current OWNers who
have the goal of keeping price above cost, and instead organize to
purchase and OWN the physical means of production ourselves?
Why are we (the users/consumers)so afraid of OWNership?  I think it is
because we suspect that if such an organization were attempted, it
would end just as it always inevitably does - with the handful of the
initial investors remaining OWNers even while the users/consumers
implicitly invest when the pay price above cost and yet receive no
OWNership themselves.

@_date: 2008-02-12 04:14:15
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mode of production shootout 
These are useful points, I will add them to the shootout when they are
more clear to me:
I imagined the "Cost Recovery: Wages" row covered this, but maybe we
need another row, or should rename it?  The word 'Wage' leaves a bad
taste in many people's mouths.  Any suggestions?
Do you have more in you brain that you are not telling me?  This
sounds important, but what do you mean?  Come on, Michel, don't hold
out on me! ;)
Ah, yes, this is very important to me, and will add this row right now.

@_date: 2008-01-10 08:43:33
@_author: Lord AGNUcius 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining terms for clear communication 
Hello fellow P2P Researchers!
My name is Patrick Anderson.  I've been lurking here for a few months, but
when I tried to post a reply to Michel yesterday, my email was not
recognized I think because of something to do with the way DNS resolves my
email address to my hosting provider instead of to my registered domain...
Anyway, that's all fixed and here is my slightly edited response:
I agree with your concern, but the fix you propose would not help
our community come to any sort of "agreement" on the definition of the
terms we need to communicate clearly with each other.  Any such
"agreement" would probably need to be held in a sort of semi-stable
'tension' after many suggestions, battles, and rewrites, but at least we
would know what terms to choose when writing new sentences to minimize
I consider term definition the primary reason for faulty communication and
misunderstanding that often leads to unnecessary conflict and lack of
For instance, what does the word 'Value' mean?  To some people, 'Value'
means the ability withhold the physical sources of production from user
control for the sole purpose of keeping price above cost.  Governments use
this definition and the scarcity logic based on it to do terrible things
in the name of progress including using OUR tax dollars to pay farmers to
NOT grow foods such as wheat so supply is artificially restrained and
profit is perpetuated.
After writing that last paragraph I was reading the Oekonux list and
noticed a great example of this:
Dmytri Kleiner writes at
Stefan Meretz responds with
How can we ever expect to help each other resolve concerns when we are not
even speaking the same language?  We each live in our own little world
where every word and phrase means slightly different things to each of us
depending upon our background and the assumptions we make.
I don't really care which definition is chosen for each term, only
that we can finally use them in regular discourse and that they are
'stable' enough to allow the creation of claims and proofs that have
deterministic meaning.
Once these definitions stabilize, the meaning of a sentence such as:
"Profit can be calculated as the difference between the Price a consumer
pays, and all the Costs (including Wages) that the Owners already paid for
that round of Production." will either make sense to the reader, or that
reader can click on any of those terms to find what the community has
already decided about how that word or phrase is to be interpreted.  The
clickability of those words is not yet automated, but could be through a
plugin that implements the ideas at
I will add the tags you suggest if you reject this proposal, but otherwise
would like to see pages such as the following adjusted according to what
is most "correct" in the collective minds of the P2P Foundation members.
       ... There are others I've forgotten for now...
Your peer,

@_date: 2008-01-11 13:17:22
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining terms for clear communication 
Ok.  I understand your goals for the wiki now.  I faultily assumed it
was to be used toward the goal of *proving* or *disproving* parts of
any one person's claims.  If the only purpose is to dump data that
single humans have conjured into existence without debate or
correction (I assume some of what I  write is also incorrect), then my
approach is completely out of place.
Yes, we can view Benkler's arbitrary definition of 'cost', and we can
view a dozen other definitions for 'cost', but when using the word in
a sentence where we are trying to establish it's relation to 'price',
'profit', 'wage', etc. so that we can move forward with discovering
the *truth* (assuming such a thing exists),  there is almost no hope
of conveying our meaning to readers or for them to make meaningful
replies because all of those terms are floating.
What a mess.  Would it be any less effective to use random strings of
characters to denote those terms?  Are you interested in discovering
the real problems and solutions, or only in reporting what others have
already dreamed up?
To clarify: I am not trying to "take over" any definition.  Anything I
have written in the wiki is only my 'vote' toward that term's
definition.  I assumed others would 'fight' with me about this until
we could come to a semi-stable agreement.  As I said before, I really
don't care which word is used for each definition, only that they can
(eventually) be used when constructing sentences to each other so we
don't have so many iterations and irritations.
Offering differing perspectives is useful at first, but will we ever
use that data to come to any conclusions?   Is the whole point to
simply record and to never act?  How will we know if any part of any
theory is correct or incorrect if all we do is keep all authors
separated by variations in terms?  That seems like a lonely and
unproductive road.
Anyway, I'll make the changes you suggest with the tag
[[Category:User_Owned]] if that is ok with you.
(I think "User Owned" sounds better, as it compares well with the well
known idea of "Worker Owned" corporations.)

@_date: 2008-01-12 17:25:28
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining terms for clear communication 
Contextualizing does makes sense.
I'm afraid you're probably right about the goal being unrealistic at
this time.  Trying to standardize terms that are already in use would
require to much change in too many people.
I really like Dante' ideas about icon representation and hope to
combine them with my recent private work on business model
I'll make the changes as you suggest on the wiki.  The technology is
not yet ready for a universal human language.
Patrick Anderson
Personal Sovereignty Foundation
P.S.: Sorry for the cranky tone.  I shouldn't have asked:
I know you are looking for solutions.  We all are, and I apologize to
all readers for using the strawman technique.  I didn't really even
notice myself doing it...  I get a bit too intense sometimes.

@_date: 2008-06-03 06:59:08
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source alternative to second life 
Second Life is already Free as in freedom Software (Open virtual Sources).
What we need now is Free as in freedom Hosting (Open physical Sources)
so people can play "at cost" and have direct-democracy within that
Changing the structure of in-game property taxes will be part of this.

@_date: 2008-06-03 07:57:51
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source alternative to second life 
I started trying to find out what license the Server-Side code is
under and discovered that although there were reports in April 2007
that the Server code would be Open Sourced, but it seems that never
panned out.
Sorry about the confusion.
On the other hand, I would like to help develop such an alternative,
especially if anyone is interested in connecting the in-game costs
directly to the real-world costs of hosting.
I would also suggest that the many arbitrary restrictions that appear
in such games/simulations be removed in the name of realism - so we
can use this as planning grounds for a real society.
For instance, when you try to enter or take someone else's property,
the game shouldn't stop you with an invisible force-field because then
the participants don't have to figure out how to implement such
security in a way that is transferable back to our real-world.

@_date: 2008-03-06 10:44:42
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Hello fellow researchers,
This post is a first step toward describing the very basics of
economic activity - including such topics as ownership, production,
profit, policy, governance, growth.
This material should be understandable by any audience, but
concentrates on issues that are not so commonly discussed, so should
be interesting to even the most hardened economist.
I hope you will help me shape this into a full description of how we
have arrived at the dangerous centralization of power we now face at
the global level.
Please give critical feedback with logical arguments.
This first part shows that individual consumer ownership is the most
efficient arrangement when utilization/price is large enough, and that
individual consumers already choose that path.
Part One: The Utilization-to-Price Ratio
Why do most people choose to buy an automobile instead of renting?
Why do most people choose to rent a rug-doctor instead of buying?
When a person can make use of (utilize) a machine to a sufficient
degree, it is more efficient for them to OWN instead of RENT.
But wait, how could that be?  The owner (whoever he is) must pay all
costs either way.  A rental agency must pay for the initial
investment, upkeep/repair/maintenance/wear, insurance,
protection/security, storage, taxes, and any wages to workers needed
to do any of those thing.  A private owner must pay those exact same
costs, so how could it possibly be cheaper to own outright instead of
The difference is called 'profit'.  Profit is the difference between
the costs an owner pays and the price a consumer is willing to pay.
When the owner and consumer are the same person, there is no such
thing as profit.  That is the savings in ownership over rental.
But what about machines that are not "worth it" to own because that
individual cannot sufficiently utilize them?  It must be worth it for
SOMEONE to own them, otherwise the rental agency wouldn't do so.  The
difference here is a matter of utilization.
How can a consumer increase utilization to the point of making
ownership "worth it"?  One way is to buy the machine with a group of
other consumers.  Organizing with your neighbors to buy a rug-doctor
is cheaper if there are enough of you to keep that equipment busy, so
why don't we (consumers) do this more often?  Why do we leave that
work of organizing up to a business that intends to charge us price
above cost?
There is real work involved in the act of organization, but that cost
(wages to management) must be paid either way.  So what is keeping us
(the consumers) from organizing and cooperatively owning machines,
buildings, even land?
I think part of the problem is a long-standing belief that whoever
possesses the skills to operate those machines should be the owners,
but doesn't the above argument show that the consumers must be the
owners for optimum efficiency?
I think another part of the problem is in figuring out how those
resources should be shared among the owners.  It is a difficult,
sticky situation that most people would rather just avoid altogether
because of the in-fighting they perceive would occur.  It seems such a
group could write some 'rules' about how to schedule access and how
much each individual must compensate the others for any extra wear or
exclusion they cause.  I see such a contract, if 'properly' written,
would be the only thing our society needs to begin down the road of
peace and abundance, but will delay that discussion for now.
Cooperative consumer ownership is quite rare today, but there are a
few cases where a group of friends wanting a private airplane make a
"shared investment", and then rent the plane from the collective
others whenever they want to use it.  None of those people need the
ability to fly themselves, they can just hire a pilot and pay that
wage as a cost while still saving money by not paying profit.
Another example is shared ownership of a vacation house.  The
for-profit "Time Share" industry has grown around that desire, but I'm
referring to the less common case when a private group of people buy a
house that they share amongst themselves in whatever way they see fit.

@_date: 2008-03-06 13:49:54
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
My goal is to have you and others help to collectively propose a
solution.  I have some big ideas about how to go about this, and have
tried for years to explain them, but my proposals are premature - in
that the audience does not understand WHY I would want the consumer to
own, and are also still incomplete because the help I seek from the
audience toward improving my implementation cannot come until they
understand the reasoning.
Are you already convinced that the consumer ownership is most
efficient?  I doubt you are.  Most likely it will take some work on
this thread and require someone that is not me to make the proof
I'm not familiar with what you mean.  Could you give me an example?
My motive is to design some kind of scheduling algorithm - analogous
to what the kernel of a computer Operating System does - for the
cooperative sharing of physical resources, and to begin new businesses
that enforce that algorithm by writing some kind of contract or "terms
of operation" that groups of owners can choose to apply to any
physical resources they wish, in a manner similar to how the GNU GPL
is applied to 'virtual' resources.
My scope is eventually all of humanity, and forsee it occuring in a
slow, incremental manner that will grow exponentially as it becomes
clear how much more efficient the arrangement is.
We will overgrow instead of overthrow.  An evolution instead of revolution.

@_date: 2008-03-06 13:57:09
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
I hope not to sound negative for no reason.
I have a specific problem with NatCap that is all too common: The idea
of 'profit' (keeping price above cost) is seen as a *goal* instead of
a central *problem*.
For instance, from  we read:
"Natural Capitalism describes a future in which business and
environmental interests increasingly overlap, and in which businesses
can better satisfy their customers' needs, increase profits, and help
solve environmental problems all at the same time."
As long as profit is considered a goal in itself, the troubles I am
trying to describe will persist.
To reiterate, why do you buy your car instead of renting?  If profit
is important, wouldn't you want to pay it?
Your peer,

@_date: 2008-03-06 18:55:11
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Ok, here's my version:
"I hypothesize that any production is more efficient when the consumer
owns the means of that production.
A particular case of this is when the consumer is able to, with some
effort, produce the goods with the help of others, hopefully with
people located physically close by to reduce transportation and
communication costs.
In order to test whether this mode of production is feasible, and
optimal, we will buy a small farm and normal farm tools that is
capable of producing 100s of different spices, fruits and nuts of huge
tastyness.  To test the optimality, we will check the bottom line, in
terms of the real costs of production, and compare those costs with
the price consumers usually pay.
Since consumer price is equal to owner costs when the consumers ARE
the owners, the savings for the investors in their grocery bill should
be approximately the summation of all reported profits for all
industry needed in the chain of production for any particular good
(such as pine-nuts from China)."
Well, I was trying to concentrate on proving that consumers already
use individual ownership (and rarely joint ownership) to increase
efficiency, and the name of that difference is 'profit', but I can see
it is difficult for us to concentrate on that simple goal.  I will try
again later, probably in another thread.
Is the physical world not composed of scarce (finite) resources?
The genetics of apples have theoretically infinite potential, but are
constrained by Space, Time, Mass and Energy.
I need precisely as many apple trees as I need the output of.  Are you
pretending that one apple tree can feed the entire population of the
I'm not completely sure what you are saying here unless I already
answered it above.
Try to keep the rug-doctor in mind.  A single machine can be shared
among a finite number of people.  As the number of consumers
attempting to utilize the machine increases, at some point it will be
impossible to fullfill those requests with a single machine.  If the
collective owners have the time-sharing of that machine setup so that
anyone wanting to rent it are bidding against each other, then more
time slots will be filled.  People that want to rent close to 'cost',
and are willing to lose some sleep will rent at 2am, while other
people will be willing to "fight it out" for a slot at 12 noon in a
bid war.  As the deuling bidders raise their own price for that time
slot, they are *proving* that the current number of machines cannot
fill peak demand, and - since that "price above cost" will be invested
for the winning bidder toward buying ANOTHER machine, the 'system'
should be self-stablizing.
Thanks for the questions.  I hope my answers are sensible.

@_date: 2008-03-07 07:50:55
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Ok, maybe I should avoid using a car as an example.  I chose it
because so many people buy them even though the initial and recurring
costs are so high.
But your description is not completely wasted.  I also wanted to
mention at some point how consumers gain full control of the outputs
of production (in this case, the main product is "a ride across town")
when they are the owners of the sources of that production.
How about a dishwasher?  Most anyone that chooses to pay for
semi-automatic dish washing rarely does so by renting.  They buy it
outright instead to avoid the extra profit the rental agency would
continue to draw from them even long after the machine had been paid
for in full.  Rent-to-own is somewhere between these.
This is a very good point.  The rental agency probably has space
because they are storing so many other tools, and planned to store
such a machine.
We need to collectively buy and own community centers that we have
*real* ownership in where we can store such things.  I was going to
save this for a later part of the discussion, I'll ask it now:
 Why are we not allowed to store such things in a city-tax-funded
facility?  What makes it so we (the citizens) have almost no control
in government - even at the city level?  I have some partial answers
to this, but would like to leave the question open for now.
Yes, but the rental-agency owner probably doesn't either.  He hires
someone to fix such things, and supplies the tools for that work to
avoid the overcharging a tool-owning mechaninc would impose.  We need
to be able to *work* in our community center too.  Trading labor there
should be one of the main purposes of a community center.
Yes, because I wasn't describing a holistic solution - where small
groups within an entire community are joint-investing in a wide
variety of Capital and then using Land and Buildings owned by groups
of these groups to store, maintain, and in many cases for room to
operate them.  Imagine a car-repair shop or a woodworking shop where
you could go use the expensive tools "at cost".  Wouldn't it be nice
to have real control, and stop suffering the usury that currently
keeps us from the rich lives we deserve?  We already eventually must
pay all these costs anyway when we pay the merchants that 'supply'
them to us, but we also must pay "price above cost" because we have
not done the organization ourselves.
I think most people actually want to interact with others, but the
physical locations that we have available for such interaction are all
designed for the sole purpose of extracting usury.
We don't have community because we have no *place* for community
because, anytime one of us decides to organize it is pre-ordained that
we will not allow the participants to become real, controlling
shareholders with divisible control and minimal granularity over
decisions.  What I mean by that is that when a sub-group of a group of
owners wants to do something that conflicts with the majority of that
group, that the minority should be able to divide from the majority if
the physical resources in question are realistically divisible.  I'm
not trying to make-up policy here, I'm talking about how private
joint-owners of something such as a rug-doctor or an airplane would
likely want to choose to be able to act.
Thanks for the feedback.  Did I answer your concerns?

@_date: 2008-03-08 19:09:44
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
So if we could somehow "start over" - say if a group of people landed
on a deserted island or began trying to populate a planet without
connection to the previous society - would you say that would be
enough to fix it?
If you answer yes, then I wonder how we arrived where we are today.  I
mean, how did the [e]state gain so much power over us to begin with?
Well, if workers are the only owners, then Wages and Profit won't be
cleanly separated, so there probably IS a good chance that profit
could reach zero since anything that might have been labled profit
will simply be labled Wages by those Worker/Owners who would want to
keep their own income as high as possible.
But when ownership is determined by those who consume the outputs of
that production, and who pay for the purchase or construction of the
Sources of that production, then Wages are a cost to be minimized, and
Profit becomes a measure of the need for ownership.  Any consumer pays
profit when they do not yet have sufficient ownership in the Sources
needed for that production.  This can be balanced by treating that
payment as an investment from the consumer who paid it - to eventually
vest to him as his real property so that he will eventually (when he
finally has enough ownership of physical Sources) own all the outputs
of production he needs even before they are produced.
To explain that last sentence, just imagine the owner of an apple
tree.  He owns the apples even before they are produced, and can only
pay pure costs, since it would be impossible to pay profit unless he
were to pay it to himself.  To scale this all the way down, we can see
that an individual actually might choose to pay "price above cost" to
himself in a manner - in that he might be investing in future
production by buying more trees or better tools or more land etc.
This seems to prove that profit should be understood as a consumer's
But market entry is not free, even on a deserted island because of
costs such as the difficulty in "ramping up" and the time needed for
those investment to begin producing.
For instance, let's say I am in a large cruise ship that crashes,
killing all but 7 people - including me - shipwrecked on an uncharted
island.  As I look around I notice the plants and animals seem oddly
familiar.  It suddenly dawns on me these are the same ornamental
organisms that the people of 1st world countries have chosen to have
running on the soil around their homes and througout all of their
cities.  There is green and flowering everywhere, but it is all a
wasteland of worthless, and in some cases even poisonous fabricators.
None of the mushrooms are useful for medicine or food.  No chicken,
cattle, turkey or geese - only dogs, cats and songbirds.  No nut
trees.  No grape vines.  No bees.
Luckily some sealed rations wash ashore, including some steel cans of
wheat and few whole spices that we are able to sprout and begin
We build simple bellows and construct a crude forge to melt the steel
and aluminum scraps that also wash ashore.  We also use the forge to
make glass from some of the more pure beach sand.
After a couple years, you crash-land onto the same island in a much
smaller boat.  You have no food, no tools, no seed, and not even any
land to stand on.
Let's say the 7 original islanders are not happy about your arrival,
and treat you similarly to how "M. Fioretti" mentioned in his response
to this thread:
Even if we 'let' you work for us, we could price the food we sell to
you so high, and the land and tools so high that it may take you years
to be able afford some land and fully own a house, in fact we could
delay it forever - just as almost nobody in the US actually owns their
house, they all OWE their house.  You'd "owe your soul to the company
Wouldn't you agree there are barriers to entry even without a large
state?  I would say it is because the estate IS the state.  When you
pay a price higher than the cost (including wages) that it really took
to grow the wheat and bake the slice of bread you ate, wouldn't it be
nice if that 'extra' you paid (profit) became your investment in more
fields, ovens, etc. even if  you don't have any of those exact skills
- so that you slowly become "set up" as you pay "price above cost"?
Those are good reasons too.  But are you also claiming it is possible
for the owner of an apple tree to pay profit for the procurement of
those apples?  In other words, is consumer ownership is more
operationally efficient than having the trees owned only by those that
happen to possess the skills needed to plant, tend, harvest, etc.?
Won't the workers overpay themselves if they are the owners?
If it is most efficient for the workers to own, and many small
businesses are worker-owned, and if the concepts of efficiency in
scale are overrated, then why is there a problem?  Oh yes, you will
say it is the privilege handed out by the state.  I wholeheartedly
agree that almost every government on earth is directly puppeteered by
corporations that sometimes even write the very legislation that gives
them even more privilege.  Much of this is fully above-board
(technically legal), again because the rules of interaction were and
are written by those very same corporations.  So enormously important
policy decisions - such as whether or not to invade the nearly
defenseless countries of Afghanistan and Iraq are influenced by the
profits those policy makers receive because of their investments in
offense contractors.
Sorry for that sidetrack.  I am going to have to work on how to
separate these issues before I can give a better analysis.
That may be a good point.  It is hard to envision how things will be
when all industry is owned by the consumers that need that product,
and have paid for that ownership when they paid "price above cost".

@_date: 2008-03-09 19:26:48
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Are you saying we all already know how to understand economics and how
to treat profit?  Maybe you should look at  and
tell me if they understand.
Or consider the price of grains is increasing to the point of already
causing food riots in some parts of the world.  I'm saying consumer
*price*, not owner *costs*.
The economy of every nation is structured after the faulty idea that
price must be kept above cost to insure businesses have a reason to
continue production.  Can you tell me the special case when that is
not true?
Businesses celebrate their ability to keep price above cost and to
collect that difference called profit - calling it 'earnings' even
though profit has nothing to do with work.  Payment for Work is
called Wages and is calculated as a Cost of production.
You may understand what profit is, but too many don't.  This is not a
matter of popularity, it is a matter of truth.  Popularity and truth
are often inversely related.
I said "CONSUMER ownership".
Nearly every coop you are talking about is owned by the people that
happen to have the skills to operate that Capital, NOT by the
consumers in need of those products.
Because of this, the outputs of that production must be SOLD after
they are produced instead of already being in the hands of those that
would use them even before they are produced.
And those worker/owners are the same as Capitalist in attempting to
forever keep the price of those exchanged goods perpetually above cost
in the name of progress.  Sadly inefficient.
When the consumers are the owners, Profit (from new, non-owning users)
and Wages are clearly separated.  But when Workers are the Owners,
there is not a clean separation because those owners will choose to
inflate their own Wages while pretending there is no Profit.
Beliefs are unimportant.  The only thing that matters is truth.
I agree a person may contribute with either money or work or maybe in
other ways depending on what the current owners of that organization
allow.  But that the worker PAYING the owners.
My (not careful enough) use of the term "Worker" has described a
worker being PAID by the owners.
I have found it very difficult to communicate this, so will try to be
more careful right now:
I have been using the term "Worker" to indicate someone (whether an
owner or not) that is BEING PAID by an owner, but is not a consumer of
that exact production.
Another valid use of the term "Worker" is a consumer who is PAYING his
part of 'rent' or 'tax' to the other collective owners for one of the
costs of production that he owes to that group.
The collecitve owners of a tractor must collect payments from each of
the individual owners for the real, recurring costs of that ownership.
 One of those costs is, for instance, changing the oil and filters.
If one of the individual owners PAYS that cost by performing that
Work, then it is true that you might call him a "Worker", but more
importantly he is a Consumer of the outputs of that Capital.
Would you want someone who is being PAID to work on the tractor
(whether the person is already one of the collective owners or not) to
gain ownership over that tractor?
What if you PAID someone to fix your plumbing, should they gain
partial ownership of your house?  Should a mechanic gain ownership of
your car?  Should your dentist gain ownership of your mouth?
Worker owned cooperatives are essentially the same arrangement as any
small business.  They don't outperform Capitalism because they don't
have enough efficiency of scale and miss out on most of the
governmental handouts that Kevin Carson mentions.
A  true consumer owned cooperative, where every new consumer
incrementally gains Capital ownership according to the amount they pay
above cost is EXTREMELY rare - almost non-existent.  A consumer coop
can easily outperform small businesses (including worker
cooperatives), and even has a good chance against mega-corp Capitalism
because it is not required to keep price above cost (which may be
charged to new, non-owning consumers) since the current owners expect
to be paid only in product, never in proft.  Low profits just mean low
growth, and would occur when all consumers already have sufficient
Furthermore, price actually EQUALS cost for all consumers that have
gained sufficient ownership since they own the outputs of production
for their percentage of Capital the own even before that production is
I am happy that something approaching consumer ownership exists.
I want to give another comparison of the two meanings of "Worker" for
this example, and ask if you can see the difference.
If a resident is PAYING the collective owners for some of his rent
through Work (say painting the building), then we might call him a
Worker.  But it is because he is a Consumer (because of his occupancy)
that he should have ownership, not because he incidentally made his
rent payments in that manner.
But when a person (maybe even a resident) is PAID by the collective
owners to paint the building, do you think he should receive ownership
and therefore vote weight over that building?  If yes, then why?  If
no, then I agree.
That's nice I suppose, but it makes me think of my lack of control in
city government.  What if a resident didn't want their portion of that
money to go to the "Carbon 60 project"?  Do they have *DIVISIBLE*
control?  Since money is trivially divisible, shouldn't each of the
residents be allowed to decide where the money goes?  Maybe it is best
the minority not be able to fork in that way?
Thanks for the effort.
Your mention of 'linear' makes me think of "Economics and Language" by
 I noticed a week or so ago
where one of the questions he asks is "Why do we tend to arrange
things on a line and not in a circle?"

@_date: 2008-03-09 20:49:39
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
I have long ago given up on ever changing any current government.
Part of what I'm trying to explain is that collective private
ownership can fulfill any function a government has ever ever claimed
to be fulfilling.  The estate becomes the state.
It is important, because it allows us to write our own constitution
(adding private 'laws' for access to that property).  We can't delete
laws from the 'containing' government, but we will hopefully be able
to overgrow them and make them unimportant.
I think you misunderstood me.  I am very much on your side.  I
wouldn't want to force anyone to do anything.
When I said "trading labor" I was saying there will probably be alot
more specialization when the consumers have "at cost" access to the
means of production.
To clarify further, keep the simplest case (the dumb rug-doctor for
instance) in mind.  If you and some neighbors purchased such a thing,
none of those people would have the ability to force you to operate it
for them.
Absolutely.  I am only talking about collective ownership.  There is
no coercion.  If the doctor had ownership in the rug-doctor, he could
pay for the costs of maintenace in whatever way the other collective
owners would accept.  He might even be able to convince them to waive
part or all of his recurring fees as a kind of medical insurance for
them (within his skill limits of course).  Most likely he would just
pay that 'rent' with the standard currency of the nation they find
themselves in, or later, hopefully with some sort community currency.
No, no.  No force.  You can hire anyone advertising their skills for
that work.  But notice you would only need to pay their wages and
whatever other real costs for your extra wear or consumption on the
collective equipment.
For example, imagine going to the car shop to find a mechanic.  The
mechanics would be strangely independent while having "at cost" access
to whatever expensive tools the collective consumers had purchased.
It should  be easy to attract local mechanics (they wouldn't
neccessarily need to be owners) because you could pay them higher
wages than the local Capitalist shop while still paying less than you
would have if you had gone to the Capitalist shop.
If you had some of the skills, or just wanted to learnl, you also
always have the option of using the tools yourself if the other
collective owners agree that you 'qualify'.
I'm not trying to write any policy here, I'm just talking about how
things already are for very small groups who choose to co-own some
Again, it is not different from what I am proposing.  I am mostly only
talking about what very small groups of co-owners *already* do.
For instance, if two people buy a house together, they will have
fights about all kinds of things, but each of them always has choice
about how the chores should be accomplished, and whether they want to
interact, etc.  It is THEIR business.  No external body should be
interfering to force anything upon them (even though the current,
containing 'state' will continue to interfere until we can overgrow

@_date: 2008-03-14 11:07:27
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paying Investors With Product Solves the Paradox of 
This begins part two in our study of elementary economics.  I hope
this will be a step toward resolving some of the still pending issues
in the "Capital Club" thread.  If that doesn't happen, I will go back
and address them directly.
Part of the Wikipedia entry reads:
"According to the standard economical definition of efficiency (Pareto
efficiency), perfect competition would lead to a completely efficient
outcome. The analysis of perfectly competitive markets provides the
foundation of the theory of supply and demand. Perfect competition is
a market equilibrium in which all resources are allocated and used
efficiently, and collective social welfare is maximized." --
Since perfecting competition would cause price to approach cost, a
strange situation occurs where normal "For Profit" businesses - who
measure their success by the amount they can keep price above cost -
would all close their doors proclaiming failure.
A business must pay it's investors SOMETHING, otherwise, why would
they invest?  So, if the investors are expecting profit, then they
require the business they invested in to be able to operate in an
imperfect market.  Profit is a measure of this imperfection.
But there is another thing that we could pay investors if those
investors are in a certain set.  If the investors are also CONSUMERS
(some could incidentally be workers too) of the product being
produced, then they would be satisfied with receiving product alone,
and would never need the business to keep price above cost.
When the investors of production are the consumers of the output, the
organization can withstand perfect competition because those that
pre-paid will expect PRODUCT instead of profit.
In contrast, if the all investors are all WORKERS (some could
incidentally be consumers too), and the market has perfect
competition, then the workers would be paid the same wages as any
worker that was not an owner, yet would have the risk of holding the
debt of that incorporation.
If you say "Well, they would be consumers too, so would also be paid
in product" then you are describing why consumers should be the owners
of the Means Of Production and avoiding the issue of whether ownership
should be limited to those that happen to have the skills to operate
If you say "Well, the workers could pay themselves a higher wage than
non-owning workers" then you are talking about how profit would be
'hidden' in those wages since owners can arbitrarily make that
division.  But in that case, the organization would be less efficient
than "consumer owned" - since, when many of the owners are not
neccessarily workers, then wages and profit are cleanly and clearly
separated.  If a worker tried to collect too high of a wage for the
quality of work he was supplying, then the collective owners would put
that job up for reverse-bid (just as employers do today) until a
worker with a better quality-to-wage ratio was found.

@_date: 2008-03-14 14:38:09
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paying Investors With Product Solves the Paradox 
That's fine I suppose, but my clumsy explanations are not yet clear
enough to make the point provable.
Most others on this list assume ownership of the Means of Production
must be primarily restricted to those that happen to have the skills
to operate it, and that consuming investors should play only a very
minor role.
I once had a math teacher that made sure we understood each principle
by requiring we teach it to another person in the class and document
that teaching session.
If you can really see why the Means of Production should be in the
hands of those that will consume the outputs, could (would) you make
that presentation here in your own words in an attempt toward proving
I think you are right that investing consumers expecting only product
may appear similar to many attempts at making a "commons", but there
are some big differences.
One major difference is the lack of an overarching governance beyond
the group of owners themselves.  If you are part owner (a joint
investing consumer) in a milk dairy, the policy is set for that dairy
is made by fighting with the other co-owners, and is weighted by your
percentage of ownership.
We could write and apply a corporate "Terms of Operation" to a new
business and insure all those that invest in it expect only product
(they would be pre-paying similar to how Community Supported
Agriculture or deli-dollars work).
The primary point I think that contract must enforce is that all
profit must be treated as an investment toward more Means of
Production so that price is naturally driven toward cost while control
is continuously distributed to those in need of the outputs of that
production.  And that investment must eventually VEST to the consumer
who origianlly paid it.  I don't how much time or under what
conditions that vesting must occur.  I hope someone here can help
discover that part.
Yes, I'm going to have to just start a business - I'm thinking a
multi-purpose internet restaurant and workshop rental business with
such things as a room with a big-screen TV as a mini-theater, an
expensive sewing machine, extra-large washing machine, etc.
We might even just mimic the concept at first - before the contract is
finalized - by using the difference between price and cost as a "pre
payment" from each consumer that pays it and indicate that on the
receipt as a sort of post-dated coupon.
Then, once that coupon becomes valid (at some future date), the
consumer can spend it toward more product in the same business, but we
wouldn't yet be giving them REAL ownership since it would be too
dangerous to do so without an inter-owner trade agreement (the
contract) that would require them to treat new consumers in the same
fashion (just as the GNU GPL does for software).
These coupons might also be used as "votes" in how to change the
business.  For instance, some customers may dislike video games near
the eating area because they find them too noisy, so they could vote
for them to be moved to a different area.
I didn't mean to make this a stage to sell my views.  I'm only trying
to build upon what appears to me to be true.  I don't "own" any of
these ideas.  I couldn't have invented them.  They are ancient truths
that were accidentally lost or purposefully suppressed.  I'm probably
getting ahead of myself again.  Please be critical but logical in your

@_date: 2008-03-17 12:49:14
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Product is better than Profit (was Re: Capital Club) 
Keeping price above cost appears to be the only motivator any more,
but what about product?  Aren't the use-value of the outputs of
production important?
They are certainly important to the consumers, and consumers never
expect to be paid profit, so why not have them be the owners?  I'm not
pretending these consumers would be a totally separate set of humans
that lay around eating all day without ever working.  I assume they
will also need to work somewhere, in many cases they can operate some
of those Means of Production that they rely upon for that which they
consume, but we also want to incent the division of labor, so it will
be common for the consumer to honey to own beehives without being the
beekeeper himself - he can hire someone else to do that while he goes
and shovels manuer to pay for that trading of labor.  I'm not trying
to take advantage of workers, I'm trying to stop the exploitation of
the consumer while keeping in mind that EVERY WORKER IS A CONSUMER,
but may not neccessarily have the skills needed to operate the sources
he needs ownership in in order to have the control required for true
What if a group of consumers chose to invest for the purpose of
product?  Would that also "maxize the ration of outputs to inputs"?
(does that phrase mean production would be efficient?)
If profit were eliminated, why would those workers continue?  Wouldn't
they close their doors and declare the business a failure?
If profit were eliminated while those that consume the product were
the owners, there would only be celebration - as price would meet cost
and competition would be perfected.  That point occurs when each
product consumer has sufficient ownership in the Land and Capital
needed to insure their future needs.  Each consumer is also workers
SOMEWHERE, and in some cases even on that same Land and Capital, but
ownership should be determined by those that PAY, not by those that
happen to have the skills needed to operate those sources.
Why would you want an apple-picker to have partial ownership in a tree
that he does not pay for?  If he is paying for the tree with his
labor, then he must be paying because he is a consumer - and in that
case, yes, he needs ownership.
What if you owned an apple tree and were paying me (say with Federal
Reserve Notes) to pick those apples?  Would you want me to gain vote
power over that tree?  Would you want me to be able to influence how
you treat that tree - such as spraying it with something you
disapproved of?  Why?
I need ownership in the sources of the things that I consume.  If I
happen to also eat apples, I should be investing in part of ANOTHER
apple tree.  If you are paying me to pick your apples by giving me
apples, then I should be compensated for any amount I pay (any amount
I labor) above the real costs of the apples you pay me with by your
investing that extra amount (the profit you gathered) toward the
purchase of more land, water rights, trees and tools that will
eventually become my property (should vest to me).  But that is only
if I were an apple CONSUMER.
Profit is not the only "entrepreneurial return".  Product is the
original and only valid return on investments.
But if your investors are expecting a periodic payment of profit, and
do not want product alone (because they are not consumers, or the
amount of production far exceeds the amount they could personally
consume), then they will declare the business a failure if price is
reduced to production costs - for then profit will be zero!
I agree this exacerbates the problem, but profit should never be
treated as a reward to be won - it should be understood as a plea for
growth from the consumer that paid it, and can 'balance' that economy
by being invested in more productive sources for that very same
consumer - to eventually become his real property.  This drives price
toward cost in a safe manner, since all owners (investors) would then
only be expecting product as payment.
If we want the lowest prices; if we really want price to meet cost and
profit to hit zero, then we had better make sure the consumers are the
investors and owners of the Means of Production, otherwise those that
do happen to own them will declare the business a failure just as we
are reaching our goal.
Product is better than profit because "use value" is more important
than "exchange value".

@_date: 2008-05-16 12:14:04
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Future of making request 
Are produsers really ready to manage their own production?  I want to
think so, but have recently seen some researchers saying the opposite.
David Braden says "The most efficient decision making structure to
have evolved to date is the one employed by business corporations. I
think we need to design in that same efficiency if we are going to
build local organizations with the power to balance global
And Sepp tells us "I just have little faith in our average consumer to
run a business that they have no clue about (or to make the right
decisions that will allow a manager to successfully run it)."
Both of these quotes are at
Patrick Anderson (Lord AGNUcius)
On Fri, May 16, 2008 at 11:30 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-05-30 12:27:46
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] higher transportation costs can reverse 
What causes efficiency to be a 'problem'?
Will efficiency also be a 'problem' for local food systems?
Is efficiency a problem for the lone islander?
What Mode of Production can withstand efficiency?

@_date: 2008-05-30 13:22:14
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] higher transportation costs can reverse 
By "out-compete" do you mean "offer the same quality at a lower price"?
If so, then would you say "offering the same quality at *cost*" would
be the ultimate in efficiency?
If so, then "at cost" is a problem for current Capitalist owners
because it eliminates profit, but is it bad for the workers of for the
How very sad.  Must we perpetuate poverty to insure profit?
If you and some other people collectively purchased a small farm for
the sole purpose of your own benefit, would the efficiency of others
be a problem for you?  Why or why not?
I don't understand your response.  The idea of efficiency being 'bad'
is based on the idea of keeping prices above costs, but the lone
islander has no need to keep price above cost, as it doesn't even make
sense.  If a ship dumped a load of wheat on his island during the
night would it hurt him as the dumping of low-price product on 3rd
world countries currently hurts the suppliers there?
If he found a way to eliminate jobs (lower employment), would he
celebrate or cry?
Abundance and efficiency are always good when the owner of the
productive sources is the consumer of that product, but we have
somehow missed or tend to disregard this case.
What I meant to ask is "In what case (in what arrangement of property
ownership) is abundance and efficiency always good?".
If you own an apple tree and eat all the fruit thereof, do you care if
someone else is offering apples at a low price?  Does the efficiency
of others hurt you?  What if each apple consumer had just enough
ownership in apple trees to supply them with all the apples they need
(while some of those owners may be paying others to do that exact work
with money they had earned doing something they are good at)?  That
would be bad for Capitalists, but would it be bad for society?
Would those owners be troubled by efficiency?  Would they dream of
destruction and scarcity?  Using profit as a reward for non-consuming
owners incents antisocial, even warlike behavior.

@_date: 2008-05-30 15:06:57
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] higher transportation costs can reverse 
You don't need to "chuck it all" or move to make all of the rules;
business owners can always choose the rules within their organization,
so all we need to do is start a business where the only investors are
also consumers in the amount that they invest.
For instance, say you knew 1000 other people that wanted "at cost"
organic produce.  If you and those other 999 people invested in a
small farm, those pre-payments would be toward the purchase and
operation of the farm.
All costs would have to be paid, just as on any other farm, except
they would be paid early by the consumers instead of financed through
a bank.
The product would then be available "at cost" since these
owner/consumers don't actually buy the product - they own it even
before it is produced!
I don't expect 'regular' investors who fund operations with the
intention of collecting profit to change what they do.
I'm talking about consumers funding production of that which they
consume for themselves.  They are not giving up profit; they are
gaining "at cost" product.
There would be no selling.  The investors would be paid in PRODUCT
instead of PROFIT.  (actually, we could sell any 'extra' product to
'grow' the enterprise, but can avoid talking about that complexity for
We'll just leave the capitalist alone and instead ask consumers to
begin investing.
Similar to Free Software, the capitalists will be angry that we are
being so efficient as we out-cooperate them, but will have no recourse
except maybe to join us.
I don't suggest "flat distribution", I say profit should be treated as
an investment from the consumer who paid it.  When a consumer pays
alot of profit, he is investing alot.  When he pays little profit, he
has invested little.
I agree this must be a "germ form" as the Oekonux guys would say.
That is why I suggest we begin corporations that simply have "consumer
ownership" as part of the "Terms of Operation".
This will be an easy sell if the initial investors are also consumers
of that product, since they will be investing for product instead of

@_date: 2009-04-19 11:03:43
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Governance and Incorporation (was Socialized 
If the customers are paying $11/month the ISPs are taking a profit,
then it *could* be even cheaper.
I mean, if the WE (any group with any need) knew how to share, then
the WE could pool their resources to lease the line and then share the
benefits at cost.  Right?
And if the WE were even more aggressive, the WE could even purchase
and *own* the Material Means of Production (the physical network in
this case).
Now the ./ article seems to imply that the WE (in Sweden) own those lines.
But that is not quite true because the supposed WE (the city in this
case) will not lease the line directly to customers, but instead
require for-profit corporations become the "middle-men" - taking
control and value (profit) away from the customers.
There are more administrative costs if THEY (the city government) were
also the ISP layer.
And the semi-valid argument against such a move is that it creates
centralized State Socialism.
The reason that argument has some validity is because almost all
governments are currently under the direction of Capitalist (profit
maximizing and therefore scarcity maximizing) corporations.
So we won't be able Govern ourselves effectively until we have control
of Production.
But we can't control Production (can't organize effectively) until we
discover how to share the Material Means of Production.
And sharing Physical Sources for the purpose of maximizing freedom and
(secondarily) utilization means we must know how to self-Govern.
So it seems we may be at an impasse.
We can't change our current governments directly (voting is theater)
because they are controlled by Capitalist Corporations.
And we can't change how we create *new* Corporations because we do not
yet know precisely what is wrong with the current entities.
I mean, sure they're 'evil'.  But what causes them to be such bullies?
Is there any chance it is a structure that rewards scarcity?
If so, then where is the root of that reward?
Is profit related to scarcity?  If so, then what shall be done with it?

@_date: 2009-04-20 21:58:44
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] p2p - Systems Modeling - 
This reminds me of an idea to make a term->icon mappings.
What do the Power Words look like?
I'm hoping if we can discover some good representations, that they can
be used in a sort of relational flow-chart state machine thingamajig.
Here is my *-association brain-dump:
Free, Freedom, Libre, Liberty
Commons, Collective, Cooperate
Social, Trust, Organize, Group
Fund, Invest, Capital, Finance, Loan, Debt, Bank, Money, DeathGrip (MortGage)
Means, Source, Input
Product, Object, Output
Service, Network, Transport
Tax, Cost, Price
Revenue, Dividends, Earnings, Profit
Scarcity, Abundance
Material, Immaterial
Copyright, Patents, Copyleft
Copy, Duplicate, Instantiate
Royalty, Propriety, Proprietary
Ownership, Property, Private, Public, Personal
Money, Currency, Cache, Bank, Store, Credit, Debt
Govern, Manage, Admin, root
Land, Capital, Labor
Rent, Profit, Wage

@_date: 2009-04-21 11:16:10
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Marginalism - the religion 
There is far more to production than duplication.
There are Wages and other Costs associated with the initial
Investment, Installation, Operation, Maintenance, Housing/Storage,
Insurance, Pollution of the Physical Sources (Material Means of
Production) required to *host* any and all information production.
There is also the special cost of Exclusion that users inflict upon
each other when too many try to use these finite resources
simultaneously.  Scheduling and allocation is therefore just as much
of an issue for information goods as it is for physical goods.  They
both require a physical substrate to exist.
Living things such as a Strawberry plant can be thought of as pure
design (DNA) that has been applied to the minerals and organic matter
causing the plant to grow and reproduce (duplicate).  I'm no
Christian, but it may be worth noting this is spoken of in a literal
manner in the Holy Bible (Sun Book) when it is suggested that life
comes "from the dust" or the 'clay' or 'ashes'.
We cannot ignore the ecologic Costs of even 1 bit!
Are costs Marginal for moving 64k from one memory location to another?
 Would a programmer agree with you?
Are TeraBytes across the globe Marginal?  What is BitTorrent?
Is sharing copies locally cheaper?  Are those savings always only Marginal?
In either case, do the copper wires cost nothing to mine, smelt,
purify, cast/form, finish, cover, ship, store and sell?
What about the electricity?  What about the noise?  What about the
heat?  The pollution?
That's no small if!
Who gets the internet for Free as in Beer?
This view of reality is so perplexing to me.
How can such barriers to entry be so ignored?
Price matters!  And we are all being overcharged.
Copyright and Patents are primarily used in an attempt to make the
holder Royal - in that the rest of us must then pay Royalties.
But it is possible to use Copyright and maybe even Patents in our favor.
The GNU GPL uses Copyright to require Users receive at-cost access to
the "informational" Sources of Production such as source-code, build
scripts, CAD designs, VLSE.
Without Copyright there could be no Copyleft, and without Copyleft,
users could not be guaranteed the 4 freedoms in perpetuity because
some future developers would build upon those informational commons
while making the result proprietary for the purpose of increasing
profit (scarcity measures profit).
When users (consumers) have "at cost" access to the sources of
production (both informational and physical), then competition is
maximized because every potential worker can vie for that job without
external 'owners' getting in the way - for in this case the user and
owner are the same.
This is what I don't understand.
What about the owners of the physical sources needed to *host* those
informational goods?
Are the cost of creating and maintaining Google's server-farms marginal?
What does this guy [
] mean when he says:
"... the costs associated with maintaining all that user-generated
content continue to rise. The article reports a Credit Suisse estimate
that YouTube lost $470M last year."
And $470M is just the *loss*.  What about the *gross* costs before the
ad-revenue paid for some of it?  Is $1 Billion dollars marginal?

@_date: 2009-04-21 11:54:15
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Marginalism - the religion 
Good point.  Here we go:
"'[ox-en] Difference between Physical and Information production'" --

@_date: 2009-04-21 14:43:04
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Marginalism - the religion 
2009/4/21 Patrick Anderson :
fixed costs
organic matter is scarce, the same as pre internet info goods, they
are always related to a physical object
you need paper to carry your book, more paper for more books
you need live beings to carry DNA
you can reproduce a lot of files without ?any aditional cost
marginal is the key word
I am not speaking about ecology
It cost nothing more to me ?to move 64k from my machine to your machine via mail
than not moving the bytes.
I do not pay anything more to use bittorrent than not using it, in
fact I could save money in music.
yes for me.
you already pay for it
my machine is always on
yes, digital divide exits, two societies (perhaps more)
I agree, is not a small if, is the fundamental fact about the info societies
for me is not free, but I always pay the same.
I understand your point, but is not related to mine.
I do not ignore them, I am speaking about ?other stuff.
could be, I dont know.
yes, by a hack.
we would ?not need copyleft if we do not have copyright
economics goods
useless definition ?(for my perspective)
Definition of Economic Goods: An economic good is a physical object or
service that has value to people and can be sold for a non-negative
price in the marketplace.
more enlighted definition (in my terms)
Consumable item that is useful to people but scarce in relation to its
demand, so that human effort is required to obtain it. In contrast,
free goods (such as air) are naturally in abundant supply and need no
conscious effort to obtain them.
off course these is true for info goods marginally
you are in or not.
fixed costs
yes, for me
Diego Saravia
Diego.Saravia at gmail.com
NO FUNCIONA->dsa at unsa.edu.ar
Web-Site: Organization: Contact: projekt at oekonux.de

@_date: 2009-04-21 15:51:22
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Marginalism - the religion 
How can you possibly say these costs are 'socialized'?
Maybe you guys live in a country where the fiber-optic cables,
phone-lines and satellite communication centers are state owned?
Even in that case I wouldn't call it 'socialized' in a positive sense
- since nearly every current government has been hijacked by
Capitalist Corporations for the purpose of increasing scarcity for
But no matter where you live, are you saying the costs that Google
pays are somehow socialized?
If so, what do you mean by that?

@_date: 2009-04-30 14:58:07
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cost Recovery (was: Fundable and Michel's Computer) 
This would give the low price we seek while still covering costs
needed to maintain the service...
But if profits will not be taken, then who will invest?

@_date: 2009-08-13 02:16:45
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] visionary design that would show the full 
The examples sound beautiful, but (on a seemingly unrelated point) how
will property tax work in these cases?
Our current living environments are are impacted in a severely
negative manner because of property tax that punishes improvements
instead of being weighted against holdings as Henry George suggested.
We would not have sprawl and the cascade of troubles it causes through
excessive transport if we could 'afford' to live closer to each other.
So I wonder if these new communities will reconsider the 'source' of
their internal funding (how they will gather value from their own
citizens to cover costs of their own public infrastructure), and if
not, how they will avoid taxing themselves to death as every other
city does...

@_date: 2009-08-16 08:00:08
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism's Self-Inflicted Apocalypse by 
The difference between these words is in *who* owns.
The word 'private' here is like 'personal' because the user owns the sources.
The word 'privatized' here is like 'proprietary' because someone
besides the user is the owner.
But if the user owned the sources of their water, what about the poor workers?
According to "worker owned theory", the people that install and
maintain the water delivery infrastructure need to be the owners,
What about when the user just wants a personal well on his own land?
Will the workers(s) that drill that well need to own that well for us
to reach nirvana?
It will be great for those workers, since they can then charge rent
and receive the residual income they deserve.
But what if the user is pulling from a naturally made and unmaintained
river?  Who in the world will own then?  Maybe we could make worker
unions that lay claim on property where they *predict* there could be
work in the future?

@_date: 2009-12-06 13:20:41
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
Hmm.  That's true for nearly all current corporations and the
governments they control.
But then who is this group called "we" that they are against?  Is it
not the end users?
And why are they against us?  It is because profit requires scarcity,
and so seeking to perpetuate profit incents artificial scarcity and
withholding solutions.
We don't yet have "User Freedom" in the physical realm because we
haven't yet discovered how to incorporate for our own purposes.
Here is my rough plan to solve this issue:
1.  We, the users, get together to fund organizations and even
corporations that operate for our own benefit - where the 'return' for
those investments would be "at cost" goods and services which are
under *our* (limited to the co-owners of those physical resources)
full control.
This is good and sufficient for the 'static' case - where the number
of initial investors is equal to the number of current users.
But if an organization is to grow, it must become 'dynamic' - and must
consider the case of the 'new' user that has not yet paid for his
share of physical ownership required for the "at cost" access the
others enjoy.
This lack of ownership causes the new user to be at a disadvantage.
He is at the mercy of the current owners who will most likely charge
him a price above cost (they will collect profit).
The organization cannot grow unless more than costs are paid, since
"at cost" access only covers current operational expenses.  So the
collection of profit is somewhat beneficial, for there could be no
growth without it, but that value is usually 'mistreated' as a reward
for those current owners instead of being considered an investment
from the user who paid it.  Even so-called "non-profit" corporations
keep this value while pretending it is not profit as they pad their
own wages, or they re-invest it into the organization but just like
the for-profits, those new investments become the property of the
*current* owners instead of becoming the real property of the person
who paid it.
2. The 'fix' for the dynamic case is to write a sort of Contract or
Terms of Operation very similar in purpose to the GNU GPL but enforced
by property rights instead of copyright.  The primary (and as far as I
can tell maybe even the only) constraint of this contract is that all
price above cost (all profit) be invested in more physical sources
needed for the growth of that entity, but those new investments are
owned by the user who paid that profit.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2009-12-11 20:02:12
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
That is because ownership is being used for profit instead of product.
We will use ownership to gain the control we need.
And we will use profit to help latecomers gain the ownership they need.
Funding can come from consumer groups pre-paying for a product in that
the money or work is invested on their behalf in the material Means of
Production that they then have real ownership in.
Those investing consumers will then own their own portion of Physical
Sources, and by consequence would also own the product of those means.
Pre-paying for things such as cell-phone service is already
commonplace, but the consumer never gains real property ownership in
the portion of the network he helped fund as he paid "price above
cost", but is instead kept always away from the sources of production
because of the prohibitive costs of singular ownership on the one
hand, and because of the complexity of co-ownership on the other -
especially when combined with our ignorance as to the origin and
'proper' destination of profit.
When you say 'capital' I assume you mean Capitalism.
Capitalism requires scarcity because profit is being misunderstood and
causes us to not realize the fatal requirements of traditional
investors who demand price never reach cost.
Of course we need 'capital' in that we need the material Means of
Production.  But the form of our organization and the demands of our
investors (whether "at cost" product is sufficient) will determine
whether we seek abundance.
Treating profit as a reward for current owner incents scarcity and destruction.
Treating profit as a payer's investment causes growth to be
automatically decentralized and even self-leveling.  It is a governor
in the same way as a centrifugal steam valve [
 ].  It creates a
negative-feedback loop [

@_date: 2009-12-12 10:46:58
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?_Abundance_Destroys_Profit_=5Bwas?= 
Capitalism doesn't need to *end* for us to begin organizing in new ways.
The change I propose can be implemented as a corporation with a
special Terms of Operation to enforce the one constraint [profit is
payer investment].
We will always need markets because we will always want to trade skills.
Trading goods will be minimized within "User Owned" corporations
because when you co-own part of a dairy cow, you own the milk as a
'side-effect'.  Owning consumers do not need to buy the goods when
they own the sources - they must only pay for the costs of that
production and then they own the goods by virtue of their owning the
sources.  They will then occasionally come to 'claim' (picking up
their portion of raw milk according to the % of their ownership in the
diary) their property.
Marx was very wrong about at least one thing: the terrible error that
leads us to cling to the short-sighted notion that ownership in the
Means of Production should be in the hands of those who happen to
possess the skills needed to 'operate' those sources.
The consumers must learn to co-own the Physical Sources of Production
before User Freedom can enter the physical realm.
What is the paper
If profit doesn't require scarcity, then why do governments -
including the US - pay farmers to *NOT* grow food on land that must be
proved to be arable?
Why were dairy owners pouring milk on the road during the Great Depression?
Yes, that is how most all corporations treat it now.
But we are not *required* to do so.
When we finally understand where profit comes from, and when we can
design a funding model that includes some % of investors who are
potential consumers that will accept "at cost" product as their
return, then we can begin to handle that "price above cost" as a
solution to that payer's dependence upon the current owners.
Until then we will continue to be confused about why abundance destroys profit.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2009-02-02 17:48:51
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] member managed web service 
Since communities are dynamic* across time, insuring members remain
the "actual and only owners" of the Material Means of Production needs
a non-static solution.
This temporal complexity requires we consider factors that are
traditionally outside the scope of limitations for simple property
ownership.  While regular property ownership can be a stepping-stone
toward such an organization, there is also a 'bad' side to ownership
that we must guard against lest we arrive in the typical centralized
I have identified the primary factor in need of adjustment, and credit
most of that 'generalizing' the concepts of User Freedom as outlined
by Richard Stallman, and specifically the requirement that Object
Users (Product Consumers) gain "at cost" access to the Sources
(Material Means) of that product even when they do NOT know how to
'operate' those Sources.
Observe that 'Profit' (literally "Consumer Price" - "Owner Costs")
arises only when the Consumer does not yet have enough Ownership.  For
example: when you own an apple tree, you might pay workers to tend it,
but those wages are but a cost that any Owner must pay.  But every
Owner is able to 'escape' the payment of profit - for who would they
pay it to?
So, when a current Owner/Member sells something to someone else that
has insufficient ownership, that Owner has the 'opportunity' to charge
a price above cost (to profit).  [[remember, Wages are not Profit,
Wages are a Cost of production]].
But if such a community allows Profit to be treated as a 'reward' for
that current owner (as Capitalism does), then that current owner will
aquire even *more* property as he invests that profit into more
Material Means of Production, while the Consumer who made that
overpayment will be left with nothing but the product he overpaid for.
Profit can be thought of as a "plea for growth" from the Consumer who
paid it.  It is the Consumer's dependence upon the current Owners.
He is saying "look, I'll pay you more than it really cost (costs
include wages) to make this beer because I don't own the equipment,
and am not organized enough to hire those with the skills - otherwise
I could get it "at cost"".
I'm not saying we shouldn't charge Profit (for to do so would stop
growth altogether), but only that profit should be understood as a
measure of consumer dependence that needs to be 'balanced' if we are
to remain "Member Managed" - for otherwise only the originators will
Own (and therefore manage), while the latecomers will be a dependent
group that can only beg for recognition.
In conclusion: While real property ownership appears to be a direct
solution to "Member Managed" problem, it is incomplete unless "price
above cost" (profit) is treated as an investment from the Consumer who
paid it.
(*) Some of the dynamism we must consider:
1.) The total number of members grows and shrinks as members join or leave.
2.) Members desire different *types* of "goods and services" which may
require the purchase of different (more) Material Means of Production.
3.) Members desire different quantities of "goods and services" which
requires their ownership rise and fall to match their consumption.

@_date: 2009-02-04 17:02:45
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] member managed web service 
No wiki can exist without the Physical Sources (Material Means of
Production) required to 'host' it.
Just as with every other kind of 'thing', software requires Space,
Time, Mass and Energy.  That may sound ominous, or somehow too strange
to consider, but please think it through*.
So the person(s) in control of hardware end up being the owner(s) of
any wiki instance.
For simplicity I usually say that controlling group must be the
literal property owner of the computer, keyboard, monitor, buildings,
etc. needed to keep that wiki operating, but it is also true that
those controllers may be renting or leasing those Physical Sources
from other owners.
But either way, the problem we strangely resist confronting directly
is that control finally rests in property ownership of Physical
Sources required to 'host' any virtual thing (such as software,
movies, mechanical designs, DNA, medicine formulas, etc.).  [[This is,
of course, assuming we are using virtual things that are either Public
Domain (unlocked), or - even better - under the GNU GPL (locked
As for "the sale of goods", there is something to be said about
advertising being a fee that the user/consumer pays, but I don't know
how to say it.
(*) See these papers for further elaboration and hopefully more clarity:

@_date: 2009-02-06 14:59:44
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
Could you help me understand how your view of the words 'price' and
'profit' differs from mine?
I see the relationship between these values as either of:
Owner_Profit = Consumer_Price - Owner_Costs
Consumer_Price = Owner_Costs + Owner_Profit
Owner_Costs = Consumer_Price - Owner_Profit
The lowest Consumer_Price could ever (sustainably) be is to be equal
to Owner_Costs.
So why do we think price is 'fair' when it is above cost?  Why not
consider "at cost" to be the ultimate in 'fair'?

@_date: 2009-02-07 10:09:08
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P TV? 
What about peers that cannot afford to buy or rent a video camera?
We could share one if we knew how to share.
But almost nobody owns land; we rent it from bankers.
What did those bankers do that we should give them so much value?
If there were only 1,000 people on Earth, what % would be in debt?
How will P2P address the Land issue?
How will we share (allocate and schedule) the Physical Sources of Production.
Current property taxes punish improvements.  Henry George, and Bal
Tilak before him, and many others finally understand we must instead
collect against the withholding of truly finite things.
But there is another problem with the way taxes are collected.
We do not currently have the proper right to secede from
city/county/state/nation/world/universal decisions.
Taxing should be coercive only in the ability to withhold that
specific good or service from any peer that fails to pay.

@_date: 2009-02-11 07:48:54
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Thai government attack against organic 
Scarcity increases Profit,
And we treat Profit as a reward for owners.
So how can we expect a for-profit corporation to do anything besides
seek scarcity?
It would literally be against the law for the steering-committee of
such a business to do anything besides maximize Profit.
We must construct a new way of doing business that treats *Product* as the goal,
Instead of our infantile, self-serving, myopic goal of keeping price above cost.
But this can only work if the initial investors are willing to be paid
in Product instead of Profit.
Such an arrangement is straightforward when the investors/owners are
the very consumers of those products.
Together we must buy factories and farms for the sole purpose of Product,
While any Profit collected while selling to non-owners would be the
investment of he who paid it.
Consumers Unite!

@_date: 2009-02-16 10:19:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance and scarcity in second life: market 
I agree that energy is part of it.
Hosting any 'virtual' community has real physical costs that must be
(re)covered else the organization cannot be sustained.  This is the
same problem with physical communities.
Some costs are periodic, such as a hosting service's monthly or yearly
charge while other costs depend upon usage, such the hosting service's
bandwidth limits, CPU, RAM, Hard Drive, electricity. The various
'loads' a user puts on the game server should weight his price to
incent thrifty users and insure heavy users pay for excluding others.
It seems our thinking oscillates between either of:
1.) Users should pay absolutely zero price (free as in beer) - which
is BELOW cost, or
2.) Users should pay a priced somewhere ABOVE cost for it to be "worth
it" for the initial investors, and for (centralized) growth.
But there is a place right in-between those two.
1.5) Users should pay a price exactly EQUAL to cost except in cases of
(decentralized) growth.  [The growth would only be decentralized if
any price above cost were treated as user investment.]
I wonder why this middle-ground seems taboo or ignored or avoided...
So, (case  if we abundance seekers were to begin such a service,
we would need to connect the real 'impact' each user has upon the
physical sources needed to host that community with the price that
user pays - for then there would be nothing to stop it's continuation.
Otherwise, (case  we have well-intentioned individuals attempting
to offer zero-price services that finally must give up because they
cannot afford to cover those costs themselves.
Or, (case  we have for-profit corporations charging more than cost,
and yet still winning because they are able to continue and grow.
PS: You might be interested in a (now idle) game project with those
goals at

@_date: 2009-02-16 12:12:02
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance and scarcity in second life: market 
Do you have any restrictions or requirements about what a 'producer'
(does that mean 'owner', or 'worker'?) do with any profit he is able
to aquire?  Will it be treated as his reward, or will the consumer be
I'm saying that growth only results (not strictly, but generally) when
"price above cost" is collected, for otherwise, if only the costs for
the previous round of production are collected, what would be used for
In other words, collecting profit can actually be *good* in that,
without it, we cannot grow.
In comparing centralized to decentralized I am referring to the
difference between regular Corporations (whether for-profit or
non-profit) and the new ... uh 'Cooporations' we need.
When traditional Corporations re-invest profit, the entity grows, but
that growth (those investments) are the property of those current
So, while this treatment of profit does cause growth, it also causes
that new Capital to accumulate into the hands of those originating
As this cycle continues, the current owners aquire more and more Means
of Production, while the non-owning members (or Consumers) fail to
ever gain any ground of their own, and so finally find themselves in a
position of begging for proper treatment.
A Cooporation would need to treat profit as an investment from the
person who paid it (the non-owning Consumer who paid a price above
cost) so that each member gains as much ground as they overpay for
until they finally own enough property that they can simply do as they
please without asking anybody at all except in cases of border
disputes and for Means of Production that cannot be meaningfully
subdivided - and so require consensus of those other peers (and only
those other peers) involved.

@_date: 2009-02-18 21:42:52
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stadial growth 
Profit occurs when a Consumer pays an Owner
more than Cost for a good or service delivered.
Except when the Consumer
has enough Ownership himself.
When you own a nut tree or a chainsaw or a boat,
you then receive that product or objective at cost.
We must pay all Costs; from that we'll never escape.
But Profit is zero when the Source Owner is the Object User.
Users could gain Freedom and community could grow
if we could ever figure out how to cooperatively co-own.
Accumulation could be diffusion
if we could just learn how share.
We could make a new Mode of Production
whose goal is product and only product.
"Capitalist growth" is the perpetuation of profit.
Let's make a new business based on equity.
We'll treat profit as a measure of scarcity.
The next step is working out and writing down
the rules of operation for this Use Value venture.
Then, when that's ready we can begin to co-own
web servers for storage and searching and all that.
We will co-own the equipment for making beer.
We will co-own all the tools to fix and build and do.
We can co-own the Sources of all Objects we need.
After we write the "Rules of Conduct" to evade usury.

@_date: 2009-02-24 20:19:39
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
There is something wrong with it.
'our business is healthy' means Profit is high.
Profit requires scarcity, yet we need abundance.
Business must keep Price above Cost for investor expectations.
But  peers already invest in Material Means of Production
when we buy single-owner private property such as a PC.
And we invest labor when we work on a Free projects.
We already invest for product alone, yet share the potential.
We can do it in the future when we buy together and co-own.

@_date: 2009-02-24 20:20:11
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
There IS a case of ownership where congruence is 100%.
Must we assume they cannot be the same person?

@_date: 2009-02-28 08:58:38
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-Owned Public Peer Property 
I've been trying to think about how to answer this, but keep making
too many assumptions...
Are you saying there is not enough benefit from co-ownership to make
it worth these complexities?
When I say "co-ownership" I am talking about some group choosing to
invest and hold some physical property for their own benefit.  I'm NOT
talking about every human on Earth having a say in that investment -
only those who paid would have a say (a vote), and that vote would
naturally be weighted by the amount of ownership they paid for.
Some examples that already occur:
1.) Some people joint-purchase an RV (Motor Home) so they can pay only costs.
2.) People used to co-own vacation homes before the Time-Share
industry organized to take that over for the purpose of charging more
than cost.
3.) Co-purchasing an airplane allows the group of owners to share it
amongst themselves - hiring a pilot to operate it if necessary, but
realizing great savings compared to rental.
Co-ownership allows each of us to invest in industry that would
otherwise be out of reach because of financial constraints.
The capitalists are already using the strength of co-ownership against
us when the joint-invest in for-profit corporations.
Without co-ownership we will be forced to do everything on our own,
without any intradependence.
The Capitalists will infiltrate any community we try to establish -
just as they currently do - when they buy the land, water rights,
networks, restaurants, meeting places, grocery stores, shopping malls,
farms, factories, etc. that are more efficiently owned by more than
one person.
Once they own that infrastructure, and if we are not "pushing against
it" by organizing and co-owning for ourselves, then we will be overrun
as usual.
Single-ownership is important for Personal property, but for as long
as we continue to resist solving this problem we will be at the mercy
of those that use it against us.

@_date: 2009-01-02 15:39:11
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Sustainable Abundance: 
Decentralized abundance *can* succeed (grow within the current system)
*if* we had a proper self-regulation mechanism.
So first must write that self-regulation mechanism.
Then, once it is written, we can apply that legally binding 'code' to
any physical property we own.
Oh, but before that we need to decide precisely what is wrong with the
current system, and what we intend to do to 'solve' the perceived
problem so that we can fully understand the needed intent of the
mechanism we create.
Does that sound realistic?
PS: Could you make the "p2p-money-game" archives readable?  Or
otherwise, how many Federal Reserve Notes to become a memeber?

@_date: 2009-01-31 13:05:16
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer production of peer production 
Hi Matt,
Are you interested in considering an online community in which the
members are the actual and only owners, or is that outside the scope
of your research?
Patrick Anderson

@_date: 2009-07-16 12:28:36
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
By "exchange based system" are you talking about *any* form of
trade, or are you talking about the "for-profit" subset that attempts
to maximize "exchange value"?
If by "exchange-based system" you are referring to "for profit" trade,
then you are incorrect in claiming it does not require scarcity, since
profit (price above cost) is the very measure of scarcity with regards
to the consumer who pays it.  Without scarcity, price hits cost and
profits hit zero, while wages are unaffected (wages are a cost).
Furthermore, a "for profit" business would never attempt to 'solve'
scarcity, for to do so will reduce and finally destroy profits.
"For profit" businesses are on a desperately problematic and
really even suicidally dangerous road requiring artificial scarcity
and purposeful destruction to keep their consumers dependent.
A  loop that will 'solve'
scarcity is treating profit as a payer's investment - so that
ownership in the Means of Production is continuously balanced
across all those willing to spend more than cost for the products
they need.
When I say 'spend' I don't mean any sort of 'money' is necessarily
required.  I'm talking about protecting the worker, but from the
*consuming* side, for every worker is also a consumer.
Treating profit as a consumer's investment is the only
 needed to solve scarcity.

@_date: 2009-07-16 13:47:48
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Yes, as you say, if the *consumer* is the owner, this is true (or can
be true for experienced gardeners) even for a single-owner plot, and
almost always will be true for a multi-owner (owned by multiple
consumers) plot since their price for the product will then be exactly
cost without the needless drain of profit.
When *consumers* are the owners, production is for "use value"
(product) instead of "exchange value" (profit).
But the article seems to focus on "exchange value" (profit), with no
regard for "use value" (product) at all.  Typical wrong-headed,
business-oriented, scarcity-seeking mentality.
The concept of "cash crops" is as vile and destructive as any and all
"for profit" business since the only purpose of that production is to
keep price above cost (to collect profit from the consumer).  This is,
unfortunately, also the case for all "worker owned" business.
Even if he cannot do the work himself (let's say an accident has left
him paralyzed), he will benefit tremendously by owning the plot of
land and the tools needed for that work, since he will then only pay
for the costs of production (wages are also a cost) and never for

@_date: 2009-07-16 14:43:03
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Jul-16-2009: Posted to P2Presearch at ListCultures.org
This sentence contains the ever prevalent broken-mindset assumption
that production must be for profit instead of for product.
The fundamental reason we are failing as a species is because we work
*against* each other when we attempt to keep price above cost and the
Means of Production out of the hands of those who actually need the
products thereof.
Production should not be about "exchange value", it should be about "use value".
But only consumers care about "use value", and they have not yet
become aware enough to realize they must organize and OWN the Means of
Production for themselves, even when they do not happen to have the
skills needed to operate them, so they can receive the product "at
cost" while also being in full control of how that production is
Profit is not a measure of success, it is a measure of failure!
Profit increases as a consumer becomes more dependent upon the current
owners of the Means of Production.
We must stop playing this hideous and immoral game of keeping price
above cost, for it causes those who are rewarded to make choices that
further increase scarcity - including biodiversity destruction through
the elimination of entire species.
In the future a few of us will organize (obviously the
profiteer-controlled and therefore scarcity-seeking governments will
never help us) in a GNU way that treats profit as an investment from
each payer - causing ownership and therefore control to be
continuously distributed (actually just not centralized) into the
hands of those who really need it, and the only ones that deserve it,
and the only ones for which production should ever occur.

@_date: 2009-07-17 15:10:52
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Hi Ryan,
Sorry if that sounded like I was attacking you personally.  That is
not my intent.
I only mean to critique the *concept*.  It doesn't matter who wrote it.
If you read me carefully you'll notice I also understand profit is
something owners should collect for growth - the only difference I
propose is that the *payer* will own that new property (after a
vesting period).
I'm not proclaiming what anyone *should* do.  I'm only trying to debug
the problems we face to create an opt-in system that future owners may
*choose* to apply to their own collective/cooperative property for the
purpose of creating a more successful community.
Nobody is 'bad' or 'good'.  We are all ignorant automatons that each
tend to take a 'greedy' (as in the naive Computer Science algorithm)
approach that stops the collective 'us' from cooperating in a more
robust and complete manner.
We must rise above this tit-for-tat of the immediate now to create a
self-inflicted ruleset similar to how the GNU GPL helps Copyright
holders tie their own hands and the hands of those that want to build
upon their shoulders.  Without this voluntary (but legally binding)
constraint, our growth will always be innocently but violently
retarded by the few who do have the skills to initiate the
organization a complex society requires.
Let's not give up on this yet.  Your thinking is valuable, and I would
like to discover at least one more thing.
Could you tell me please, what you think *causes* profit.  Where does
it come from?
For example: some subscribe to the "Labor Theory of Value" to explain
why consumers pay a price above cost.
Would you say that is the origin of profit, or is there some other
reason, or would you say the question is intractably complex?
Thanks for your time,

@_date: 2009-07-28 02:26:41
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the culture of the audit and the prefigurative 
Michel, what do you mean that regulation must "take into account the
issue of cost"?
There is one other case that would put you, the consumer, in ultimate
control *without* external (governmental) audits, but most consider it
If you, along with a group of other concerned consumers, co-owned the
Means of that Production, then you would have ultimate (above
management level) control of your portion of the output; and so, could
direct the high-level goals without necessarily having the skills
needed to accomplish those goals.
But that Mode of Production is too efficient, since the Profit we have
been hypnotized into believing should be in the pockets of those
workers would fail to be collected from the consumer - since you, the
consumer, must have already paid all the costs of production before
completion and are left with ownership of the product as a side-effect
of your ownership in the Means.

@_date: 2009-06-30 13:11:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A basic income guarantee versus peer production 
============================== START ==============================
On Tue, Jun 30, 2009 at 11:29 AM, Paul D.
Capitalism can *never* bring abundance to all, for Capitalism requires
perpetual profit, while profit requires scarcity (real or artificial)
of Objects and ultimately a scarcity (real or artificial) of Physical
Capitalists will begin closing their doors and declaring failure if we
ever cause abundance, since their only stated purpose for production
is to keep price above cost.
An auction proves a consumer will raise price above cost during real
or perceived scarcity because he is admitting he has no other way to
that objective.
So consumers are willing to pay for growth, but Capitalism causes that
growth to become the property of the current owners instead of being
the property of the actor who paid it.
Treating profit as a reward for investors who took risk causes those
owners (or the managers they hire) to make decisions that insure
scarcity remains.  Examples of such decisions would be funding
politicians who will vote for measures that keep prices high through
straight-forward attacks on abundance such as the US Farm Bill which
once again pays farmers to NOT grow.
But there is another reason to invest that we tend to overlook.
When you buy a lawn-mower for home use, you are not investing for
profit - you are investing for *product* (a mowed lawn).
When you buy an apple-tree for your own place, you are not investing
for profit - you are investing for *product* (apples, smoke-wood and
We could collectively do the same for larger purchases, but we must
then face the difficulty of co-ownership and really understand what
should be done with the overpayment that outsiders willingly pay.
We cannot see this exit only because we refuse to reconsider the
meaning and purpose of profit while ignoring the much more important
reason (and ultimately only real value) of investment: product.
A "good economy" can allow participants to pay each other for skills
they trade because *that* is not the transaction that further
concentrates wealth into the hands of the wealthy.
The root cause of "Primitive Accumulation of Capital" is the
mistreatment of the overpayment made by a Worker when he buys
something while acting as a Consumer.
A 'righteous' economy will have a "Freedom Trade Agreement" (which
could be enforced as a Terms of Operation through regular
private-property) requiring "price above cost" be handled as an
investment from the consumer who paid it - so the amount he overpays
(in profit) will taper toward zero across time as he eventually
becomes sufficient owner in the Physical Sources of that production
*even if* he does not happen to have the skills to operate or repair
that Capital.
Wages have nothing to do with this.

@_date: 2009-03-01 08:33:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-Owned Public Peer Property 
Thanks for the suggestion, but I don't have the Capital nor credit to do so.
Would you rather such ideas were not discussed here?
Is there something wrong or inaccurate about my proposal, or do you
just want me to go away?

@_date: 2009-03-04 09:51:09
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-Owned Public Peer Property 
My ideas require the investors either understand the plan (go in the
same direction) to treat Profit as Consumer Investment, or must be
Consumers themselves (in which case they don't need to understand, for
they are then paid in "at cost" product).
But since most people I talk to tend to believe Profit must be
distributed to the Workers as some sort of bonus, it has been very
difficult for me to find anyone to collaborate with.
How is this different from anyone else posting here, or any article cited?
I agree we must make action (and soon), but I don't understand why you
confine such advice to me alone.

@_date: 2009-03-04 11:09:30
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-Owned Public Peer Property 
Are you are saying we can start a cooperative through the issuance of
an arbitrary currency?
If so, then why don't you take this approach?
 says "Social capital is a
concept developed in sociology and also used in business, economics,
organizational behaviour, political science, public health and natural
resources management that refers to connections within and between
social networks as well as connections among individuals."
How will we connect with each other without the Material Means of
Production such as Land and Capital required to do so?
Will we always pretend the ownership of Farms, Factories and Networks
has no significance to our plight?
    ...
I don't understand why we avoid admitting that control rests in
ownership and the accumulation of ownership occurs when profit is
treated as a reward for the current owners.
Does it embarrass people to admit we are being taken advantage of?
Or maybe it is to *protect* the long-standing misapplication of Profit
so control and ownership can continue to be concentrated into the
hands of originators.
Maybe our species has been living within Capitalism for so long that
the only surviving genes are those associated with the subjugation of
others to the point where alternatives appear unrealistic.
I'll try to stop repeating my apparently boring ideas, but am very sad
and even scared for our future.
There must be psychological barriers to considering this road that I
don't understand.  I wish someone could tell me why it won't work, or
otherwise help move forward.

@_date: 2009-03-15 08:23:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Writing AutoPurge plugin for MailMan (was: Re: 
Does Ned have an email addr?  Can't we ask for the password again?
What login name are you using?
If you are using a web interface (through a browser) the following
doesn't apply:
If you are using ssh or telnet for an interactive text-terminal
"shell" login, you are usually denied remote access as 'root'.  The
workaround is to instead [login] as your regular Username and then use
either the 'su' or 'sudo' command to Administer.
Michel, or anyone who has this info:
Forward the correct LoginName and PassWord for shell access to me.
I'll schedule a simple shell script to run daily that that looks for
posts from "unsubscribed" and deletes the associated files or DataBase
After that we can write a patch or plugin for MailMan allowing
auto-purge based on regexp.
Patrick Anderson
AGNUcius at Gmail

@_date: 2009-03-21 11:28:12
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Open Source 
I can see your study of energy-flows coming through in this viewpoint.
 The claim is "high level" enough to be digested, but is not obvious.
How about this variation: Open systems can 'exist' or 'live' or
'survive' without external dependencies.
Or even: Open to Live.  Or (more negatively): Open or Die.
I agree here too.
Marc, you say the bigger Free Software projects are not 'open' because
of the financial support - and from that the external control over the
This is partially correct, and I want to discuss where the line is
drawn, or in other words, how such projects are 'open' in some ways,
while being 'closed' in other ways.  As you say, it is a complex
The difference appears to me to be a mix of naming (Trademark) and
timing (contract against future labor).
I think of the "sources" of a software project as the primary "Means
of Production" for that product.  It's true they require physical
devices (a PC) to create, store and display them, but the low price of
this barrier-to-entry causes it to be of little importance for
Therefore, software development, even of giant-funded projects like
Firefox and the Linux kernel are partially 'open' to anyone who can
afford to purchase or rent a PC and sign-up for a network connection
(ISP costs), or can afford to purchase a CD of the *CURRENT* sources
through snail-mail.
Now, it is true that future production specifically entitled
"Firefox(TM) or Linux(TM) or VirtualBox(TM), etc." is temporarily
closed during that development period, and the direction of that
development under the control of the group owning that Trademark.
But that is only true *UNTIL* they make another release.  At that
point, the Means of Production (the sources) are again available to
anyone receiving the Product (object code).
This is the basis and reasoning for 'forking' a project.
There is more to say here about the hardware and energy required to
'host' any new fork, but I've already talked too much about that in
the past...

@_date: 2009-05-02 12:21:34
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
Is part of your question the the sub-question of *who* should be the owners?

@_date: 2009-05-02 15:49:19
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
I agree property ownership has caused and continues to cause big
problems for those that would otherwise organize for 'righteous'
But if we cannot or will-not use some form of property ownership, then
how will we even secure the Land and Tools we need to begin?  Are we
going to beg the Capitalist controlled governments to hand these to
But even if we can somehow gain access to the Means of Production
without simply purchasing them, how will we solve the difficulties of
allocation and scheduling that many would rather not even think about?
It's nice to think we would all just share and do the right thing, but
that is both naive and even downright dangerous because we then fail
to prepare for those that WILL do the wrong thing.
Protecting any organization requires we plan for the worst elements.
Security is made best by taking the stance of the would-be attacker or
disrupter and then designing measures that will thwart those advances.
Again, 'raw' property ownership is a problem, and we cannot use it in
'bare' form while expecting to see a difference from what we already
experience (Excessive Capital accumulation for example).
But since owners are traditionally the semi-ultimate controllers of
that property, maybe we could utilize the 'good' portions of ownership
to have a place to stand while applying some restrictions against the
'bad' portions of ownership (since owners can always add "Terms of
Use" to their own property) in a manner analogous to the way the GNU
GPL uses Copyright against itself.
I won't say what I think should be in the "Terms of Use", since I've
already said this part in the past, and will only get in trouble if I
repeat that now.
I don't want to debate (right now) *what* the constraints should be,
I'm only wondering if such an approach is worthy of consideration as
an avenue of implementation.

@_date: 2009-05-04 08:26:17
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] dialogue with parecon, response to Michael Albert 
Are you saying Open Design is enough to "destroy monopoly rent on
artificial scarcity" in every respect?
In other words, for design that is already open (say heirloom
genetics), are Capitalists unable to impose any sort of artificial
scarcity whatsoever?
If so, then are you also saying that there is no 'trouble' in the
market for such goods - that P2P cannot or will-not address society's
scarcity of food (where genetics are not locked closed) and water (the
design of which (H2O) is not yet locked closed)?

@_date: 2009-05-18 11:19:42
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] negative interest at NYT 
I'm glad you made this comparison.  It's much easier to understand why
someone would pay to rent a physical tool.
So the Renter should pay the Rentier, just as the Consumer pays the
Owner, and as the Owner pays the Worker.
But if these transactions are 'perfect', then where is the problem in
Rent is composed of 2 separable concepts:
1.) Real costs including initial purchase costs (and any interest that
owner had to pay), maintenance, insurance, storage, even "opportunity
2.) Economic-Rent is the amount a user pays *above* those costs.  This
is also called "Profit".
The "partially correct" nature of these transactions make them
difficult to analyze since people tend to oversimplify.
Physical Sources such as shovels degrade over time.  If owners did not
collect enough rent to at least cover costs, the users would slowly
destroy the shovel with no funds to fix or replace it.
That would be no good.  Even the users don't want to be without shovels.
Most users are willing to pay rent if it is not too clumsy to do so,
but if the rent gets too high, they begin to feel as though they are
being "taken advantage of".  Are they?  Is Rent, Profit or Interest
ever *too* high?  What would that even mean?  Is it a magic number?
Why do we artificially cap the amount of interest a 'Bank' can charge
with usury laws and such?
The Labor Theory of Value (LTV) claims the Price above Cost
(exchange-value) arises because of the amount of labor expended during
it's production.
But if that is the case, then why does scarcity effect price at the
point-of-sale, long after production is complete?
Why will nobody consider the plight of the Worker **while acting as a
Consumer**?  For it is during this transaction that profit occurs.
Capitalism makes a small impact on Monopoly, but does not eliminate it
In fact, Capitalism cannot function at ALL under conditions of perfect
competition, for in that case Profit would be Zero since Price would
equal Cost.
So paying rent is OK for covering Costs.
And paying rent *might* be OK for growth beyond Costs (say purchasing
even more shovels to be rented simultaneously because demand is
currently too high to meet that demand).
But if we are going to grow in this manner, my question is "who will
be the owners of those new shovels"?
Will it be the current owners ~ causing Capital to accumulate further
and further into the hands of the few?
Or maybe it should be the property of the people who PAID for it = the
users who paid price above cost?

@_date: 2009-05-18 11:43:48
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
This semantic knot is part of what helps hide the injustices in our
current money systems.
It is common language in my part of the world to say "You should keep
your money in the bank, for then you will 'earn' interest".
Notice the use of the word 'keep'.  People really believe they are
*keeping* their money in this way.
If pressed about it, they will say "well, they may not have actual
money I gave them sitting in the vault, but I can always get an equal
amount out at any time".
But, as Stefan says, even that is not guaranteed.
And there is certain to be a problem if too many people at once
attempted to reclaim what they think they are *keeping* there.
Because of partial-reserve banking, most of the money we envision as
being in some big vault doesn't exist at all except as - now listen
closely - as DEBT!
Few people would believe you if you told them the money they think is
their property was invoked (issued) as a result of somebody else
entering into a debt.
There is more to this maze, but I'll stop for now.

@_date: 2009-05-21 11:16:59
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
What about producing for your own consumption?
The product is not sold and you are your own commander.
Is that case not worth consideration?
Are you saying Profit is used to pay
for the Costs of previous production?
I thought Profit was the difference between
the Price a consumer pays for a good,
and Costs the owners paid for that production.
I thought Profit occurred when the owners
received MORE than the costs of production.
Profit is important for growth, but growth should not be perpetual.
Production can be perpetual when Costs are recovered.
Profit is not a Cost, it is a payment *above* Cost brought about
by the payer's lack of ownership in the Means of Production.
But what would happen if the world valued your good
or service at *exactly* the Cost of it's production?
I understand Profit is currently considered necessary
because we don't know what to otherwise pay the investors.
But what if the investors were the very people intending
to use or consume those goods or services?
They would be compensated with "at-cost" Product alone,
while avoiding the scarcity-seeking that Profit requires.
Would you pre-pay for "at-cost" internet or cell-phone service?
How about organic produce or righteous, raw milk?
 [CAUTION: Cow-sharing is illegal in some US States]
If we could get a large number of people to pre-pay for such a thing,
then *they* (the consumers) would be the owners, and their 'return'
on that investment would be a drastically reduced price.
All those consuming-investors wouldn't necessarily need to be workers in that
exact industry (and in fact there wouldn't be enough jobs to fill).
The important point is that they are the Owners,
for when Owners and Consumers are the same, Profit is undefined.
That is a case of production without Profit, but is it worth considering?

@_date: 2009-05-21 13:56:27
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] controversy: GM foods and organic agriculture 
Pamela Ronald <
What a dangerous load of cruft.
If higher production were the goal we could
simply discontinue the insane practice of
paying farmers to *not* grow.
But our corporate operated governments will
never stop paying for scarcity as long as profit
is being treated as a reward for the current owners
instead of being treated as an investment from the
consumer who paid it.
Profit *only* occurs during scarcity and is most
meaningfully interpreted as a payer's plea for growth.
Profit proves there is an imbalance in the ownership
of the Means of Production, yet tapers toward zero as
the payer approaches sufficient ownership in the
Means required to provide him with his own needs
and wants, for then production can safely occur "at-cost".
Moving toward 'perfect' distribution of ownership
would be easily attained and even self-correcting if
price above cost were invested for the one who paid,
and then eventually *vested* back to that same actor.
But this fact will continue to be resisted for many more decades
because our brains have been washed into believing product
is not nearly as important as keeping price above cost.

@_date: 2009-05-21 15:07:31
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: excellent contribution 
Could you tell me (again if I missed it) why we cannot let price vary
at every transaction according to an instantaneous agreement (as Ryan
mentioned) made between the "current owners" and the "potential
In other words, why do you want to avoid haggling and dynamic pricing
at the point-of sale?
Shouldn't the "current owners" for that good or service and the
"potential consumer" for that *exact* sale be allowed to make
judgments about pricing in private without referencing a centralized
pricing scheme?
Won't such policy create a gray/black market where things are
purchased by 'scalpers' who then resell them to those who are willing
to pay more?
I'm not saying you are wrong or right, I just don't understand why you
want to control the price.
To give perspective I again mention my approach is to let price float
wherever it may, but to treat all price above cost the consumer is
willing to pay as his investment.
It seems there could be gray/black market problems for my scheme too,
but I have not yet been able to identify what they would be.

@_date: 2009-05-21 16:04:33
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: excellent contribution 
Dumping is not a problem for consumer-owned enterprise,
in fact it is perfectly in-line with their goal of product abundance.
But dumping will continue to be a problem for those who intend
to keep price above cost, for profit requires scarcity.
P2P can break production monopolies by purchasing the
Means of Production for that industry and then treating profit
as a payer's investment.
Treating profit as an investment from the consumer who paid it
causes monopoly to approach zero as competition (in ownership)
approaches perfection*.
(*)Competition may be perfect for some peers for very brief periods
of time, but this perfection is not static since changes in consumer
needs and wants will cause those peers to have insufficient
ownership in the Means of Production for the NEW goods or services
they want while having excess ownership in the Means of Production
for things they no longer want or need.
This dynamic requires the 'fix' to be self-balancing so the peer should
slowly lose ownership in the Means of Production for goods or services
he no longer desires, while slowly gaining ownership in the Means of
that which he does desire.
Gaining ownership is accomplished by treating profit as his investment.
Loosing ownership is accomplished by treating a lack of 'payment' for
the upkeep of the Means of Production (failing to cover the costs of
maintenance and production for that resource) as a request to
"sell off" part of those Means for the purpose of maintaining what
smaller amount remains as his property.
For example, let's say I like Peaches so much that I am willing to pay
price above cost for that good.  If that profit is treated as my investment,
then over a period of time I will eventually have enough ownership in
a consumer-owned Peach orchard and storehouse that all I pay is the
real costs of wages and other physical inputs needed to maintain
that production (including things such as water-rights, taxes, etc.).
But after a while I may begin to get bored with peaches, so I decide
to stop paying into that production ~ or maybe just pay less since I
know I won't be needing as many in the future.  I can also sell any
Peaches I currently already own, but must treat any profit as an
investment from the consumer who paid it.
Now, when the other Peach orchard co-owners fail to receive my
annual or monthly payment for my portion of the orchard, they will
take that as a signal that I want a % of my ownership to be sold
to someone else (a new consumer who just recently paid profit
while purchasing some peaches for example) to cover the costs
of maintaining the remaining portion of the orchard that I still own.
If I continue to fail to cover those costs, my ownership in those
Means of Production will taper toward zero - as they should.

@_date: 2009-05-22 12:49:47
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog on Political Economy of P2P 
Creation is considered Destructive by Capitalists
because it reduces the Scarcity that Profit requires.

@_date: 2009-10-02 11:43:56
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p in action: how about a peer book award? 
Related: diary
Oct-02-2009: Posted to ListCultures.org/pipermail/p2presearch_listcultures.org
Hi Tomas,
I would like to take advantage of such a setting for abstract
observation and corrective feedback of the P2P community.  We should
always consider ourselves "on trial" by everyone wondering what P2P is
about.  Do we walk the walk, or just talk the talk?
I'm most interested in the "how would it work" part since this
activity could (I think should) be seen as a microcosm of P2P itself.
I would want to apply and utilize P2P principles to this very process
studying how we, as peers to peers, handle the complexities and
difficulties of making 'correct' group decisions - and afterward
critically analyze how we *should* have handled things.
Those (maybe just me) using this viewpoint would cause the apparent
goal (of delivering an award) to become an arbitrary sort of vehicle
used to observe whether supposed P2P adherents are willing to live by
their own statutes, and to hopefully learn some things we don't
understand about how to cooperate, govern, vote, reward, etc. so we
can refine, expand and solidify the definition of the term 'P2P'.
Some examples of these meta-issues include:
* The process we use to decide what needs to be decided (currently set
to "criteria, selection and judgement").  Maybe this has already been
decided by you, our "benevolent dictator" (meant in the most
respectful manner - only meaning you came up with the idea, and we
must somehow begin), and maybe that is how P2P does and/or should
* The meaning and 'shape' of concepts such as judgement: for example,
what will 'consensus' mean; is it possible for everyone to 'win';
* Legal issues such as Copyright: for example, what licenses would be
allowed and disallowed, and how will this be determined.
* Meta-meta issues sucha as: what happens to a minority that 'looses'
during a vote of any such point?  Should they be allowed to 'fork' the
activity to arrive at their own results?  Do we care about the tyranny
of the majority? etc.
* ...[many others]...
Patrick Anderson
Personal Sovereignty Foundation

@_date: 2009-10-09 14:08:58
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Taxing Improvements Hinders Small and Local 
On Wed, Oct 7, 2009 at 7:56 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
High land prices and sprawl (and therefore excessive transportation)
are caused by improperly taxing property improvements instead of
taxing the excessive holding of the finite resources required to
'host' those improvements.
Cities are strewn with patches of undeveloped land that large owners
use to 'speculate' on the land market.
Punishing improvements instead of hoarding allows owners to hold these
plots with almost no consequence - just so they do NOT improve them.
This puts far more pressure on land prices within a city than would
occur 'naturally', since these large holders are keeping the rest of
the community from enjoying the benefits of proximity that might
otherwise occur.
A famous (but not the first) explanation comes from Henry George and
his Land Value Tax (LVT) or "Single Tax" as described in his book
"Progress and Poverty".
We cannot realistically change this in currently established cities,
but we could start *new* cities that are structured this way from the

@_date: 2009-10-19 11:46:01
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the P2PFoundation a Shill for Proprietary 
What does promoting user-subjugating software have to do with a
Peer2Peer economy?
Unless the users have access to (at least) the virtual sources of
production (source code in this case) - even if the user does not have
the skills to operate them (program in this case) - they are being put
into a hierarchy that gives undue power to those that withhold those
sources for the ultimate purpose of extracting more value (profit)
from the user than the real labor-value and other costs that were
Withholding sources is unjust because is stops the users' freedom to
hire any qualified worker.
It is a strategy of monopolization that unfairly concentrates wealth
beyond what "the market" would be willing to pay for that same work
and resource usage.
How can the P2P Foundation not be aware of this troublesome issue, and
if they (you, Michel) *are* aware, then why are you not sensitive to
2009/10/19 Michel Bauwens :

@_date: 2009-10-23 12:19:45
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your next 
Walkability is hindered by a property tax structure that punishes
improvements instead of weighing against excessive holdings.
This creates a 'speculation' market for physical location where
investors (or even innocent farmers that find themselves
encroached-upon by the growth of a city) can hold large amounts of
land *just as long* as they do not develop it.
This is why we see so many underdeveloped patches within cities.
These unproductive lots add distance to our travel and so cause
excessive transport of both goods and humans.
The P2P movement can create a physical infrastructure if we can
formulate a realistic "cost recovery" mechanism so we can begin
hosting the intiatives we seek.
This requirement applies to 'online' work such as a social networking
site that needs physical computers and buildings and electricity and
workers to install and manage them etc.
And applies equally to 'offline' work such as installing useful plants
and mushrooms on 'public' grounds within our GNU city.
In either case we must discover a way to cover the expenses of operation.
Governments have traditionally taken the approach of "gather a bunch
of money into a slush-fund, then dole-out funding to projects as some
'representative' council sees fit".
A much more direct, and in my opinion, "P2P" approach that avoids some
of the "Tyranny of the Majority", allowing citizens to retain much
more control would be:
1. Allow any citizen to 'advertise' any project proposal.
2. Other citizens that become interested may choose to fund those projects.
2a. Funding can be in the form of Money (Will add X$) or Labor (Will
work to accomlish Y amount of some goal) or Physical assets (Will
supply a roto-tiller during some window of time).
3. When any project receives enough funding, then it can begin implementation.
4. Citizens who helped fund the project are stakeholders in the same %
that they invested.
5. Citizen do not fund projects they do not care about, so have much
more control.

@_date: 2009-10-29 14:27:38
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Hmm... "Estimated Return On Investment" is talking about Profit.
But is Profit the only reason for production?
What about the product itself?  Doesn't anybody care about that?
What if the investors could be satisfied with receiving "at cost"
product?  Is that possible?
What if the investors were paid in product instead of needing to keep
price above cost?
What if the investors were the very same humans intending to use the product?
Why are we so sure we must have a group of predatory investors that
take value from production?
Clearly there is something wrong with our thinking about the economy.
But if we are confused about how the machine works, why are we so
reluctant to reconsider some of our base assumptions?
Most would agree that Profit appears to be a problem once it is
'large' enough; but then why can we not reconsider the idea that there
is no other reason for production than to keep price above cost?
We must protect the workers in the oil fields and refineries and the
truckers, etc. by helping them to also become investors and owners in
the physical sources of the products that *they* use as well.
If the consumers were the investors and therefore owners, there would
also be no trouble with automating the work away, as it would only
reduce costs.
We must each have ownership in the material means of production for
the purpose of "at cost" product so we can receive the outputs we each
need without the 'need' to be employed.
We will each need to trade our skills with others that have skills we
do not have, but in those cases we will only be working toward the
elimination of work instead of seeing it as a requirement for
The owners of physical sources are also the owners of the *objects* of
those sources, so work is simply a hurdle to be overcome, not a need
in and of itself when the owners and consumers are one and the same.
If we can overcome our psychological conditioning that leads us down
strange (scarcity is good) roads based on the faulty assumption that
Profit is more important that Product, then we can solve nearly every
issue that has been discussed lately here about the 'trouble' caused
by automation and finally view it as an increase in leisure instead of
being muddled in the illogic that causes us to believe destruction is
Patrick Anderson
Personal Sovereignty Foundation

@_date: 2009-10-29 15:15:11
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The meaning and purpose of Profit (was: Scientific 
Damn.  What an unfortunate time for me to complain.  Oh well, my
advice will be ignored either way.
I wonder what it will take for us to reconsider the meaning and
purpose of Profit.  The purposeful destruction of abundance in the
name of keep price above cost does not seem to be enough.
We've know about this conundrum for a long time now.
My favorite satirical work on this subject is "The Candlemaker's
Petition" [  ]

@_date: 2009-10-30 10:17:17
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Municipal P2P (was: The meaning and purpose of 
That is very encouraging.  Thanks for the details.  And congratulations!
The arrangement you describe is very valuable and in some ways even
more advanced than what I advocate because of it's simplicity.
On the other hand, I wonder how 'serious' production can be within
this form, and how far it can scale...
Could we produce milk (dairy), eggs (chicken care), bread (grinders,
mixers, ovens) and even a full consumer-owned restaurant (complete
kitchen) in this way?
Can we supply housing, water-works, sewer, transportation; could a
full city be run in this manner?
I'm not saying it cannot; I'm only wondering if it could, and if not,
then what troubles do you see that will need to be addressed to move
in that direction?
Patrick Anderson
Personal Sovereignty Foundation

@_date: 2009-09-04 13:30:08
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] decentralizing open source bike production? 
Fabricate?  What the hell does that mean?  I don't have access to the
Physical Sources required for fabrication!
How are we, the people supposed to fabricate without land, buildings,
tools, etc.?  That is the question the article is asking.
How can you (and so many others on these lists) so readily brush aside
the difficulty of *instantiating* these designs?
We, the people do not have the Physical Sources required for 'fabrication'.
Sure design is important.  But that is only a (very small) part of the problem.
The complexity of designing a bicycle is on the verge of trivial.
The primary difficulty is access to the mass, time, space and energy
required to 'host' that design in physical reality.
Most people on these lists seem to think we will fix this in the
future through rep-rap robots.  Quit dreaming.
We can address this *now* with current technology by "getting
together" and co-owning those Physical Sources for the purpose of
product instead of profit.
But such an approach has a massive psychological barrier: we have been
convinced/hypnotized into believing production cannot occur unless
profit is treated as a reward for those that organize.
Eventually we will see that product alone (in this case bicycles) is
enough of a reason for we, the people to *own* Physical Sources (such
as the land, buildings and tools needed to build bicycles) needed for
production, but until then we will ignorantly beg those that intend to
charge us a price above costs (the Capitalist profiteers) to "do the
right thing" when they have a big reason not to: for profit decreases
as abundance increases, so it is clear they will never do *our* will,
for to do so would put them out of the business of keeping us
dependent upon them!

@_date: 2010-04-01 14:41:44
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source, 
What is corrupt about maximizing profits?  Isn't that *the* goal of business?
But it increases profit because profit measures Payer dependence.
Why would anyone start a business otherwise?

@_date: 2010-04-16 07:20:48
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
Sam, are you saying you will pay the hosting costs yourself?
That's fine at first, for small groups and little storage, but of
course won't scale very far.
This is a great opportunity for us to begin trying to tackle the
complexities of co-ownership.
Once we understand how to share the Physical Sources required for
software, we can get serious about hosting email, video, applications
(SaaS), and even Operating Systems (cloud).
And once we understand how to share computer resources, we can use the
same findings to begin sharing the far more important Sources of our
Food and Shelter.

@_date: 2010-04-16 07:32:11
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Age of Asperger: modern society is autistic! 
This is because we do not know how to share Physical Sources.
P2P doesn't seem to address this, but most commonly suggests we do
things in isolation - such as trying to figure out how to host our own
web-pages, our own email servers, and generally use 'distributed'
(read isolation) technologies to avoid using Corporate-controlled
This is also a common theme when it comes to raising your own food and
all other Do-It-Yourself (DIY) approaches: they expect us to operate
in solitary confinement because solving the difficulties of
co-ownership is still unsolved.
This is, unfortunately, the same advice given by our GodFather RMS in
his recent article:
We must crack this problem if we are ever to get serious about weaning
ourselves from the Corporate teat that is leading us carefully down to
Hell because of it's perverse fascination with keeping Price above
Cost - a goal which incents scarcity and destruction while mislabeling
employment a 'need'.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-04-16 13:35:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Age of Asperger: modern society is autistic! 
I'm glad you bring up the issue of Profit.  The connection to Property
ownership is not clear.
Profit can be thought of as the inverse to Consumer Property.
When a Consumer owns the Means of Production (say an Olive Tree), he
then receives the Product (Olives in this case) exactly "at cost".  He
can't pay Profit, for who would he pay it to?
Production is kindof "short-circuited" under the special condition of
Source-Owner == Object-Consumer.
When the Owner of the Olive Tree eats a fruit for himself, he didn't
avoid paying any Costs, but what he does avoid paying is Profit.
He can't pay Profit, because that occurs at the point-of-sale, but
since he already owns the Product (Olives) as a side-effect of his
OWNing the Sources (Olive Trees), the last transaction (buying Olives)
doesn't ever occur.
Yes.  My solution to the 2nd problem is to write a "Terms of
Operation" which we can use to begin new, special organizations that
choose to abide and enforce (over thier own Property) the rule that
"Profit is to be treated as an Investment from the Consumer who Paid
By doing this, the community is still able to grow (using that
difference between Price and Cost), but the Ownership of that growth
is automatically distributed to the person who was willing to pay for
The solution to the first problem is implicitly contained within the
implementation of the rule, since any corporation choosing to use
these "Terms of Operation" will have no reason to maximize Profits
other than to speed the growth of that local community.
Furthermore, with regards to problem  Profits will naturally taper
toward zero since a side-effect of Consumers gaining Property
ownership is that they no longer pay Profit - it becomes undefined.
Yes, I agree.
Yes, this is true and somewhat good in that we, as Commoners, will
need to "grow" our holdings to replace the current system.  It's not
that we need more total production on the Earth nearly as much as the
Property ownership of those Means must be 'corrected' so they are held
by the very humans for which that production is supposedly occuring
(the Consumers).
But treating Profit as we do now causes growth to be concentrated into
the hands of the current owners instead of becoming the Property of
those who paid for it.

@_date: 2010-04-17 16:14:06
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More detail on money and happiness 
I wonder how these things compare to Food and Shelter which so many on
the planet are without...

@_date: 2010-04-18 12:53:59
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
It so confuses me that Commercial hosting is able to recover all
operating Costs AND are able to bring in Profit, while we struggle and
fail to be able to even cover Costs alone.
Why is that?
Why is it that Google, Facebook, etc. can use advertising to cover all
Costs AND also retrieve Profits while we cannot figure-out how to
cover Costs alone?
Shouldn't be easier to cover Costs alone?  What is going on?
I think I partially understand your meaning.
Franz, could you give us more detail about how you think these
open/closed borders should be defined?
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-04-24 05:08:47
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The "Free Market" requires scarcity 
Supporters of the so-called "Free Market" claim all our troubles would
be over if we could just stop the governments from handing favors to
big business.
But producers choose to limit production and destroy reserves *on
their own* because they want to keep price above cost.
The examples of this are many, but here is a video of hundreds of
Belgian farmers dumping milk in an attempt to reduce the supply:
If the workers were the owners, the results would be the same.
We are fundamentally confused about the purpose of business.
We should be producing for *product* (use value), but are instead
producing for *profit* (exchange value) which cannot abide abundance.
What will we ever do to solve this paradox?
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-04-29 03:33:26
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mass collaboration projects in australia 
Similar to how the GNU GPL uses Copyright to solve the problems of
Copyright, we can use Property rights to solve the problems of
Property rights.
Copyleft seems hypocritical because it *requires* Copyright to enforce
it's solution to power concentration within the virtual (sacred or
spiritual) world.
PropertyLeft is a analogous approach that will use Property rights to
enforce a solution to power in the physical (profane or bodily) realm.
So the first step is to allow ourselves the notion that we can co-own
Physical Sources such as Farms and Factories in a 'moral' or
'righteous' manner.
Then we must write the contract that we will choose to apply to such
property for the purpose of ensuring Freedom for all of it's Users
Owners of "Intellectual Property" *choose* to tie their own hands -
and the hands of anyone else building upon those resources - when the
*choose* to apply the GNU GPL to their 'property'.
We, as co-owners of real, meatspace property can also *choose* to tie
our hands - and the hands of anyone building upon that property -
through a "Terms of Operation" that treats Price above Cost as a
Payer's investment.
This will allow us to grow while keeping us from 'accidentally'
overaccumulating wealth and power into the hands of the few that begin
the operation.

@_date: 2010-04-29 03:58:01
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pay-it-forward Mutuals and Cooperatives 
The most fundamental problem with these entities is that they do not
use property rights to eliminate the exchange of goods.
What I mean is easier to understand using an extremely simplified example:
The owner of a nut tree must pay all the Costs of production,
including any Wages if he doesn't do all of the work himself.
But he cannot pay Profit because he does not 'buy' the nuts at the end
of the season - they are *already* his property.
When this model is scaled through co-ownership - when a group of
Consumers purchase a grove of nut trees with the understanding that
they *own* the output of those trees in an amount directly related to
the % of ownership they have in the orchard, then Price == Cost and
Profit == 0.
But one more detail that must be addressed is the case where the
Consumer accidentally owns more of the orchard (Physical Sources) than
they need to satisfy their own needs.
In that case we (the group of co-owning consumers) should use "the
market" to sell that excess to other consumers that do not yet have
sufficient ownership in the orchard (for if they did, they would not
need to buy nuts) but under a strict condition that any amount we
charge over the real Cost incurred for that production must be treated
as an Investment from the consumer who paid it.  This perpetuates the
elimination of exchange.
This arrangement will outperform the "Free Market" because the
investors are the consumers and expect only Product in return, and so
these organizations can saely allow Price to reach Cost and are also
not threatened by automation or robotics or abundance in general.

@_date: 2010-08-02 08:57:55
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
Would your perception of 'fair' be any different
if you were not a member of
I felt very alienated and even outcast during the
time that governance was being constructed.
Are my concerns valid, or should I just shut-up and get in line?
When must governance switch from 'direct' to 'representational'?
If just the two of us were on an island, would you need to
'represent' me in making decisions?
What if there were 3 of us?
4?  5?  10?  100?  1000?
At what point must I relinquish my personal sovereignty?

@_date: 2010-08-02 09:36:15
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Authority, 
Can the concepts of authority and representation be
used within a network that claims to be Peer2Peer?
Is it realistic to give *everyone* 'root' access to a shared resource?
Is it realistic to give *everyone* the keys to our community center?
There seems to be a need for gate-keeping - especially when
protecting ourselves from 'outsiders' that are not yet trusted.
But even within a trusted circle, is there a level of scale when
representation *must* come into play?
This seems a valid question considering the failure of
current 'authorities' and 'representatives' to achieve the
goals of those they supposedly serve.
But it also seems difficult to answer given the chaos
that might ensue if there were no 'levels' of access to ...
I'm not sure yet what needs to be constrained...
I wonder if part of it may be the need to "slow down" the
deliberation of change so we can discover what all other
co-owners want in each case.
But does such deliberation require 'representation' and
levels of 'authority', or could it be done in some other way?
If giving everyone 'root' access is wrong, maybe giving
any one person 'root' access is also wrong?
Is that why we tend toward *groups* of representatives?
But even in that case we fail to achieve freedom because
those committees almost invariably make decisions and
enact policy that suffers from the problem of "Tyranny
of the Majority" because there is not an easy way for
individuals and minority sub-groups to secede from the
majority without loosing all of their investments.
It is said these minorities have the "Right to Leave", but
that is not sufficient because they then relinquish all the
value they have added.
I think part of the solution lies in discovering a way for
these non-majority groups to 'split' or 'fork' those physical
resources during such conflicts.  But that pre-supposes
they had real ownership to begin with - which is usually
not the case, so real co-ownership may be a pre-condition
to sharing physical resources in a P2P manner.
* Notice even things you may not think of as 'physical' -
such as a wiki - really *are* because of the equipment
needed to 'host' that activity.

@_date: 2010-08-03 11:16:13
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
I did not apply because I did not want to become part of what I
consider a wrong direction.
I felt isolated and confused because this kind of hierarchy seems
wrong to me and yet, since I have no ownership in the server hosting
that wiki, I had no real property rights to assert my disdain.
But it is even more complicated than that because current "social
software" does not take this type of secession into consideration, and
so there would be no way of exerting such property rights without
becoming fully disconnected from the original community -- and such
disconnection would be social suicide since it would then be a stark
either/or choice instead of allowing incremental dissent.
So there is much work to be done in rethinking and reimplementing how
we organize before this problem can be realistically addressed.
I outlined my ideas about how to approach some of this complexity at
 :
==Multiuser Concerns
* Authors own their own comments outside of the DefinitionArea.
* All users may work immediately and all changes are stored, but are
actually just votes.
* SPAM is quickly voted away (hidden by default for other users) when
too many early viewers find it offensive enough to hide or reject.
This could be a problem too?
* Changes to Definitions or to the HTML/CSS interface appear immediate
and permanent to the editor, but are actually just a vote change those
* The VoteWeight of a user is increased whenever that user makes a
change that is accepted by the community.
* User implicitly vote for and against others by accepting, hiding or
rejecting comments and changes.
* SoftSecurity could be used to track VoteWeight.
==Transform lists may also be adjusted by a mixture of community and
private NameSpaces.
* INPUT files may be edited, but 'Comments' are usually not stored
within the INPUT file itself.
* Comments are usually metadata that is stored in a DataBase or in
companion files.
* The CommunityNamespace is used when rendering the INPUT file.
* The User's PrivateNamespace is used for his digitally signed Comments.
* The CommunityNamespace includes only local hosted PageNames until
some Users begin to vote.
* Voting occurs when a User makes part of his PrivateNamespace
'available' for the wiki software to read.
* The CommunityNamespace is thus 'weighted' by implicit suggestions
from Users to do things the way they like it. When enough Users decide
the word 'wiki' should link to MeatBall instead of WikiPedia, pages
are then rendered with links that point to the new preference.
* Maybe the StyleSheet could be a mix of Users preferences? Maybe too
crazy. A limited feature subset might work.
* Any User may work immediately and all changes are stored, and appear
to be 'done' to the editor, but are actually just votes for those
changes to be made if the community agrees (but what percentage?).
* SPAM and SPAMMERS are quickly voted away (hidden by default for
other users) when too many early viewers find them offensive enough to
hide or reject. This could be a problem too.
* The VoteWeight of a user is increased whenever that user makes a
change that is accepted by the community.
* Users implicitly vote for and against others by accepting, hiding or
rejecting comments and changes.
* Identity may be optionally 'secured' through password if a User
decides to stay a while.
* Sub-communities need to be able to "carve out" their own space
without annoying others with what the old-timers may consider SPAM.
SPAM is subjective pollution?

@_date: 2010-08-04 08:34:51
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In Defense of Worker Ownership 
We read about a group of end users investing for Use-Value alone at
They say these Means of Production (the phone booth) has such low
maintenance that there will be no need to hire anyone to do any work.
But the initial connection of the booth to the phone company's lines
must certainly have been done by a worker.
And it seems likely there will be a time in the future when some part
of the phone must be serviced where none of the users has the
expertise to do so.
And even if a user can be found with those skills, why should he not
receive some 'extra' ownership for his exertion even if he doesn't
receive a Wage?
So, in defense of the idea that production cannot be fair unless
Workers have at least part of the Ownership, shouldn't those workers
gain some ownership in that phone booth?
What do proponents of Worker Ownership hope to achieve for those who
labor when they say User Ownership is insufficient to 'protect' those
In what way is a worker "disenfranchised" when he does not have extra
ownership (beyond what he needs as a user) in the Means of Production?
When the users own the Means of Production they might hire workers,
especially when that labor is highly skilled.
What demands will a worker proclaim and be able to require when he has
'sufficient' ownership?
Will this ownership be used to increase his own Wage?  Does that mean
Worker Ownership is a form of protectionism against market-driven
If so, then why would Users choose to include workers in this way?
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-08-05 10:17:47
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In Defense of Worker Ownership 
I know you (and most everyone else) say the workers will otherwise be
But what is meant by that *specifically*?  What do the workers intend
to gain as compared to the case where the Means of Production are 100%
Consumer Owned?
Will they prop-up their wages by disallowing other, non-owning Workers
from competing?
Is this a form of 'protectionism'?  Does this mean Worker Owned
enterprises do not qualify as "Free Trade"?  I wonder what Kevin
Carson would say.
Will they force the Consumers to pay Price above Cost so they can
collect that Profit as a reward?
If so, then will the Consumers be disallowed from gaining enough
ownership for themselves to 'escape' that punishment?
What if a Consumer wants to pick his own Olives from his % of the
co-owned orchard?  Will he be allowed to supply that labor for
What if a Consumer discovers a way to automate that picking.  Will he
be allowed to fully own his portion of the orchard and use automation
without paying tribute to workers that labor in other parts of the
How will the workers protect themselves from consumers choosing automation?
What is the reasoning behind forcing the consumers to pay the
worker-owner even when the work is fully automated?
We are supposed to accept this idea without any backing of logic?
That sounds like religion.
Why does this concept have priority over any other?
What is the basis for this unquestionable declaration of truth?

@_date: 2010-08-05 11:20:11
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In Defense of Worker Ownership 
The worker is guaranteed to be the consumer of *something*, for no
human can exist unless they consume the outputs of other organisms.
So every worker needs ownership in that which he consumes.
And every non-working 'dependent' also needs ownership in that which
he consumes.
This ownership protects each human from paying profit and also gives
him full dominion over that production.
Even more astounding, when a worker (human) has sufficient ownership
in the Sources of that which he consumes, then the 'problems' of
abundance and automation disappear.  There is no longer a reason to
throttle production or destroy product or be afraid of innovation.
So it is true that workers (humans) need ownership, but it is for the
purpose of consuming, not for the purpose of working.  We don't *need*
work, we only *need* to consume.
Maybe the problem in understanding this concept is that we must
consider all industries at once.
Within the context of Workers having sufficient ownership in the
Sources of those things which the *consume*, what reasons are there
for Workers to have *extra* ownership in Sources simply because they
possess skills needed to operate those Sources?
Disconnecting Ownership from the Work allows humans to easily choose
and change occupations without being bound to one course because of
heavy financial investment.
It is also more likely for us to escape the claws of the bankers since
the number of humans that consume any product is almost always much
larger than the number of workers needed in that pursuit.
Let's say I like to milk cows but am allergic to milk.  I don't need
any ownership in the dairy to successfully work there.  What good
would it do me?
So I may not be able to consume cow-milk, but we know I must consume
If I like Almond-milk, I need some ownership in a Almond orchard and
the equipment needed to create that product even if I never work
My ownership in the orchard will protect me from paying profit and
will also give me full dominion over what goes into my body.
The workers in the Almond orchard and those who shell and grind/press
the nuts into milk need only as much ownership in those Sources as
they have interest in consuming that product.
Ownership in the Sources is vital for Consumers, but is only a
liability for Workers.
The only value I see in Worker Ownership is the coercive power it
gives them to stop other potential workers from doing that work for a
lower wage or to force those Consumers to pay more than real Costs in
other ways.

@_date: 2010-08-06 03:10:59
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
Assume for the moment I agree workers
need equal ownership.
Some questions:
1.) If you will not allow the cooperative to
 pay the workers, then why would they work?
2.) How will the workers pay for things like
food and shelter if they are not being paid?
3.) What benefit is there for a member to
declare himself a worker as opposed to
being a consumer only, who can just be lazy?
In other words, what is the difference, or
is there any difference in 'compensation'
if I do work for the cooperative or if I stay
home and lay in the sun?  If there is a
difference, then *how* is it different from
what is now called 'wage'.

@_date: 2010-08-06 03:49:04
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In Defense of Worker Ownership 
I've responded to you on that thread.
Michel!  I never said that, and doubt anything
I said could be construed as such.
My approach to a solution is through incorporation.
I don't have anywhere near enough money to buy
the legislation needed to change government in a
totalitarian manner.
I want to start a business under a new organizational
model, but want to get that model debugged before
I invest the little bit of money I have saved - so that
I don't just fail as most small business owners do...
I want producers to have ownership IF IT IS THE
RIGHT THING, but have not yet seen a good
argument for them spending their value in that
What I propose - even as it stands now - does not
*disallow* workers from investing in the Means of
The thing that will determine where ownership flows
in the system I envision will be the treatment of Profit.
If the "Terms of Incorporation" says part of Profit
must be treated as the Worker's investment, then
they will gain ownership alongside the Consumer.
Since I don't see this as a major threat to the idea
as a whole, I am going to try to assimilate it into
the new form so I can get this business going.
Well, I didn't have any money back then, and was
still trying to iron out the bugs, so couldn't yet go
forward with implementation.
Sorry that is what you see.  I think Kevin has a
similar view according to his "Rosetta Stone"
comments in the past...
I don't care *who* is right.
All I care is *what* is right.
And the reason I care is because we need to get
this figured out so we can incorporate in a new
way that will protect us from the current system.
I kept asking why the workers need ownership
because I didn't understand why they needed it.
Even now I still don't understand, but I think
it is best to concede that point partially so I
can attract others to invest with me since it is
such a hot psychological issue.
One problem I will have when changing the
"Terms of Operation" is to know how much
the Workers should receive compared to those
who pay at the point-of-sale.
I also want those who add value to be sovereign.
And for those who do not add value (bankers and
bums) to have little or no say.
I see that sovereignty coming through ownership
in the Means of what those workers consume.
But will try to understand and merge the ideas of
the workers needing extra ownership in everything
they operate so we can get this party started.

@_date: 2010-08-09 17:04:26
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
Profit is not a result of Worker Effort, it is a result of Consumer
Dependence caused by lack of ownership in the Means of Production.
So, from a systems perspective, treating Profit as a reward for owners
is dangerous because it creates a positive-feedback loop that further
concentrates ownership into the hands of those few.
Treating Profit as a reward for the current owners is the cause of
Primitive Accumulation and the concentration of power we already
see in the absentee-landlord ownership arrangement.

@_date: 2010-08-09 17:44:31
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
Profit is the difference between Consumer Price and Owner Costs.
Why pretend it is anything else?
Profit is *undefined* when the Consumer is also the Owner.
There can be no difference between Price and Cost in that case
because the product is not being purchased.
We are addicted to the notion that all these things must be purchased
instead of realizing we could own them as a "side effect" of having
ownership in the Means of Production AS A CONSUMER.
For example, if you co-own part of a dairy, then you do not need to
*buy* your portion of the milk from the collective others - you own
it already as a result of your having ownership in the Sources.
This is a great way to side-step the Gestapo trying to stop us from
trading locally: simply stop trading products and trade only services
instead.  But in order to do so, the Consumers must invest and own
the Sources of that which they need with the ROI being at-cost
The will be resolved when the workers own the means of production for
that which they CONSUME, for then they will not need to beg for work
nor will they need to remain on the side of the Capitalists who seek
scarcity in their drive to keep Prices above Costs.

@_date: 2010-08-09 19:08:28
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I guess by 'technically' you mean 'not'.
Sorry, but these Co-operatives are not doing
what i describe.
Consider a small group that owns a small
You'll need to keep the sizes small during this
mental exercise because we have been programmed
to believe larger groups *MUST* be governed in a
representative manner even though that is not true.
Imagine the number of members just 2 people
if you must.
Now, when the milk is taken from the cattle and
stored in the refrigerator, *who* is the owner of
that product?
Will each of the owners be required to *buy* the
milk from the collective as a whole, or will they
just split it up according to how much ownership
they each have in the dairy?
If there were just two people, will they each be
required to pay into some strange pool that they
will then pay themselves again?
Does this change at 3 people?  4, 5, 10, 20, 100, 1000?
That is what those cooperatives are ignorantly
doing, but that is not what I am describing.
This is a result of a poor arrangement where
the owners have to buy the product back from
themselves!  What a bunch of fools!
Those extra transactions are also targets for the
containing governments to punish them with sales
tax and open them to scrutiny as to whether they
should be allowed to sell something as dangerous
as raw milk, whereas what I describe side-steps
these issues altogether.
Er, no.
Cooperatives are definitely not what we need to
move forward to a world of freedom and diversity.
Profit can safely and fully eliminated when the
consumers are *real* co-owners in the means
of production, and not until then.

@_date: 2010-08-09 19:25:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
Nobody can 'earn' Profit!
Profit only occurs when Consumers lack ownership.
Consider this scenario:
Let's say I'm good at jack-hammering, but am sick
and tired of my boss being paid more than it really
costs him to supply the tools and to pay my wage.
After many years of saving I finally have enough to
buy my own jack-hammer.  So I quit my job as a
wage-slave and advertise my services as an
Soon I have many clients and things are going quite
One day a wealthy so-and-so suddenly decides he is going to open a
tool-rental business with a strange goal:
The terms of operation for this business is to "Break even, but do not
charge enough to Profit."
So now everyone in the area is able to rent jack-hammers and pay
exactly the same amount it
costs me in oil, repairs, extra parts, etc.
Now whenever someone needs such work done, I
can only charge the real Costs plus Wages - where
Wages are determined on the "open market".
This, by definition, means I will no longer be able to
collect Profit because competition in that field is now
under perfect competition.
In other words, competition reduces Profit and perfect competition
*eliminates* profit.
The reason for this is that before the tools were available
to the Consumers "at cost", I was able to keep other
workers from competing against me because the
barrier-to-entry was the initial expense of the Means
of Production (the jack-hammer).
This shows that Profit has nothing to do with Work, but
is only a result of Consumers lacking at-cost access
to the Sources of Production - and where the *ultimate*
guarantee of at-cost access is through real ownership.

@_date: 2010-08-10 10:25:19
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Wow, nice addition.
I didn't notice it until now - only because you mentioned it.
I think WYSIWYG is easier for most people, so maybe
it would be best to enable it by default, and have the
[Disable rich editor] link available to those who prefer to
"reveal codes" (ala WordPerfect 5.1)?

@_date: 2010-08-10 11:13:51
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Hmm...  Are we all 'Peers'?
Is everyone automatically a 'Peer'?
What about 'Spammers'?
What about those that intend to do harm to what is already established?
What about those that intend to stop progress from what is already established?
How will we decide what is harmful and what is progress?
Who is the 'we' as compared to the 'they'?

@_date: 2010-08-11 09:01:29
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the sticky-wiki mproblem 
That is obviously wrong since the PHP wiki engine itself correctly
parses wikitext to generate HTML.

@_date: 2010-08-12 04:39:27
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
Ah yes, the sword of ownership comes down...
Maybe you are wrong.
I think of text and code as the same.  Why treat them differently?
Both must be parsed to be acted upon.  Code is only different because
it must follow much more strict rules.  And that is only true because
computers are not yet capable of dealing with ambiguity and mistakes.
If the modularity is done carefully, then this is not true.
And even when it is true, all you need to do is copy/paste the text
for that section into the place where you want a contextualized
version and then make the changes.
But in your most recent push against modularity you removed the
'section' markers at These markers are used by the wiki software to know where to pull
content *from*.
They are not damaging in any way, and have no effect at all until
someone uses them.
But since they were already in use, what you did was similar in nature
to renaming an 'include' file - breaking the codebase wherever that
content was being included.
Your approach does not scale.  What you are doing is digging a pit for
yourself and for anyone who intends to maintain the wiki in the
For programmers:  Imagine a project where all the text for every
library was copy/pasted into the files that would otherwise that text.  And imagine every call to every function were eliminated
and all that text were copy/pasted in-place so that in the end all you
were left with was assembly language opcodes.  It is good to let the
compiler do some of that work so you can get on with describing and
solving higher-level problems.
For non-programmers: It is good to let the wiki-software do some of
that work so you can get on with describing and solving higher-level

@_date: 2010-08-12 09:04:19
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
Maybe you are right.
I wonder why the folks a Wikipedia use it so much then...
I wonder why they bothered to make it a part of the wiki software.
Maybe this is one of the unexplored problems of Wikipedia?

@_date: 2010-08-12 09:11:30
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
Are you saying Michel and Alex
should be 'banned' in some way?
Should this be part of written policy?

@_date: 2010-12-06 23:48:59
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Listmaster Announcement: Possible Migration to 
Yet another example of why we *must* own the Physical Sources before
we can be truly sovereign.
On Mon, Dec 6, 2010 at 8:47 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-12-11 11:20:21
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
I wonder how this is differs from Specifically, I've been told Workers will be exploited if the Users
are the Owners.
Will The Connective be able to avoid Worker exploitation?

@_date: 2010-12-11 13:20:22
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
Hello Michel Bauwens,
Do you remember telling me User Ownership has a potential problem of
Worker exploitation?
I'm just trying to understand if that position has changed, and if
not, how that perceived problem will be solved.
Your suggestion was to make sure the Workers had part ownership in the
Means of Production.
Does that mean private ownership of devices such as the PlugComputer
must be shared with those who manufacture, configure and/or maintain
those devices?
If not, then maybe you can help me see past my confusion?
Patrick Anderson

@_date: 2010-12-11 13:57:07
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
I'm talking about strategy.
We need to discover a better road so we show others that direction.
We can't just continue waiting on the sidelines observing others as
they ignorantly destroy our planet.
It *DOES* matter what we think they should do.
They (the collective We) need guidance because we are currently doing
it very, very WRONG.
I don't give a damn what anybody said except for the purpose of
adjusting our perceptions so we can work together designing a better
way of working together.
Just because an action benefits one person doesn't mean it is the
right direction.
Think about the traitorous villians at Monsanto who benefit greatly as
they purposefully lower the biodiversity of our planet on their quest
to keep price above cost.

@_date: 2010-12-11 14:32:31
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
So I am supposed to do all of this in solitary confinement and then
only come here to report my actions?
This is the P2P *Research* list.  This is where we should be designing
organizational forms *before* implementation - so we don't
accidentally go down the wrong road.
So only strategies that are currently operational should be considered?
Why are you so opposed to planning actions before we strike -
especially considering how terribly murderous against our mother earth
all past and current approaches have been?
Would you wander into a war without any attempt at predicting the consequences?
I'm not telling you what you should do, I am asking how *we* can
design a better system.
It is dangerous to start an expidetion to somewhere we have never been
without some planning.

@_date: 2010-12-11 16:49:48
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
Ok, so the question is:  Will creating a Citizen-Owned Internet
exclude workers in the way you imagine, or maybe it just doesn't apply
in this situation?
I'm sincerely not sure what this means nor how to solve this exact issue.

@_date: 2010-12-16 08:04:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative email infrastructure 
Who would (optimally) be the owners of such a datacenter?
Should the customers gather together to fund and own it themselves?
Or should the workers who install and maintain it pay for that property?
I'm just talking strategically - what is the best arrangement?
Or maybe ownership doesn't matter at all?

@_date: 2010-12-17 09:51:44
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1st priority - Delicious 
Software is only one half of the equation.
What about the Hardware needed to run the Software and to Store the data?
How can Peers cluster around shared Hardware to Host the network
services we need and want?
Of course you can say "No problem, I'll just host it on my server and
you can all use it.".
But then what assurance do we have that those services will continue
into the future?
How do we know you won't slowly run out of money and the care needed
to maintain those Physical Sources?
How do we know you won't become 'evil' as Google claimed it never would?
How can we collectively fund and own those Material Means of
Production so we can protect ourselves from any single individual or

@_date: 2010-12-17 11:24:24
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Ok, so we need a "physical telecom infrastructure", but then *WHO*
should have control of those Material Means of Production?
Should it be some Wall-Street moguls who intend to subjugate us?
Should it be the Workers who build, install, maintain and improve them?
Should it be the Users who, in the end, pay for all of those costs -
and usually more (when they pay Profit)?
We can reform and gain control through OWNERSHIP.  Owners have
absolute dominion!
We, the Users, *already* pay all the Costs of those networks.  And we
also pay the burden of Profit.
So let us gather together to purchase those Physical Sources *away*
from the tyrants that currently subjugate us in their drive to keep
Price above Cost.
Could you tell me any disadvantages to such an approach?
Are we just frightened?
Is it simply that we lack the skills to organize?
If we, the Users could organize to own the Physical Sources of all
Objectives we seek, would it be a better way, or would there be no
Does it not seem profound that we could then *ignore* those who want
to stop us from achieving our goals?

@_date: 2010-12-20 08:27:21
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ciresearchers] Yahoo shutting down delicious! 
Because we won't own the physical infrastructure, of course.
The "community of participants" could easily control the platform if
they would take the burden of ownership upon their collective
I agree this is a delicate and difficult to describe differentiation.
How about a small group that buys Physical Sources needed to host such
production, but has a policy which guarantees all late-comers also
gain real (divisible) co-ownership?

@_date: 2010-12-30 08:25:26
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?b?LSBSZTogW0NvbW1vbmluZ10g77+9Y2U=?= 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 6:40 AM, j.martin.pedersen
Keep in mind everything from Avocados to Zucchini can also be "copied
for zero marginal cost" once the are established.
In fact, that type of production is even *less* environmentally costly than
the industrialization required to produce, connect, power, maintain and
recycle computers.
It also requires less labor when these "manufacturing plants" are local.
My friend in California owns an Avocado tree for which he does nothing
except to occasionally pluck the fruit.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-12-30 11:15:34
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?b?LSBSZTogW0NvbW1vbmluZ10g77+9Y2U=?= 
Yes, that is why I used the term "Zero *MARGINAL* Cost" just as those
who talk about the "abundance of digital reproduction".
In other words, the "abundance of *organic* reproduction" is no different
in terms of real costs to our planet and as to the labor required.
I am trying to point out, as I think you are, there is no such thing as
"Immaterial Production", no matter which sphere is being considered.
Now I expect someone will say
  "Of course there are real costs, nobody is denying that!".
But terms like "Zero Marginal Cost" and "Immaterial Production" and
even "Free" confuse the conversation and lead many to believe the
implied claim is that those costs are simply not important.
Another very common theme in these discussions is that the
economics of this production is now very different from the
past - as though the underlying Mode of Production and ownership
of the Means of Production is no longer an issue.
This mixes-in with the dreamy visions of self-replicating robots that
will save us from ourselves, even though organisms (used to be)
self-replicating, solar-powered, food manufacturing plants (Monsanto
is putting an end to this, of course, since Profit requires Scarcity).
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-12-31 12:21:31
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] - Re: ?ce 
Avocados grow on trees.
Do they have a material basis?

@_date: 2010-12-31 12:32:07
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information sector: a qualitative different mode 
============================== START ==============================
Would you say it matters who owns and therefore controls these Means
of Production?
If so, then, in your opinion, who would, ideally, those owners be?
1.) Should it be the Workers who manufacture, install, maintain and
improve them?
2.) Should it be the End-Users who want them enough to pay for them?
3.) Should it be some combination of those?
4.) Should it be the currently corrupt governments?
5.) Should it be the fuedalists that already own them, and we should
just beg them to do the right thing?

@_date: 2010-02-07 15:57:45
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
Let's look at the most simple case where 1 person owns some Physical
Source and applies THE CONTRACT* to that property.
Imagine I own a more expensive roto-tiller.
I choose to apply the contract to that Physical Source and begin
renting it to others for a price that is higher that my real costs of:
investment, maintenance (oil, fuel, wear parts), storage,  wages to
any workers I had to pay, wages to myself for managing it all, etc.
Since I am collecting profit**, and since I am choosing to apply the
contract, I must save those overpayments until I have enough to invest
for all the people that overpaid to rent the tiller during that round
of growth.
In most cases, current owners will not be 'selling' any of their
current holdings, and so the overpaying users will usually be paying
toward the purchase of *more* Physical Sources.
Let's say, after a year or so there is finally enough money in the
'payer-fund' to buy another tiller.
It is a little unclear to me what we should do right here.
On the one hand it makes some sense to let the current owners invest
the money and then release the fractional-titles to that Physical
Source to the group of payers.
The current owners are generally more informed about what would be the
best investment in that field, but it seems unfair and very wrong to
not involve the end-user when it is his freedom we are trying to
This needs to be outlined more clearly and may need to be part of the contract.
So, even though I think the current owners would probably be making
the investments, the more important point is that those original
payers of profit become the real property title holders of that new
Physical Source.
To answer your question more directly: I would not be 'expanding' my
own holdings, but would instead be acting a sort of "growth conduit"
for those who do not yet have sufficient ownership.
Where you say "selling me a share" I will rewrite "my paying of
profit".  So your question becomes:
When you pay a price above cost, that overpayment is held with the
overpayments of many other users.
After there are sufficient funds to move forward, those profits become
your real ownership in more Physical Sources such as a new farm or
another factory.
You are not taking any value from anyone else, you are funding your
own growth through the collective purchase of the material means of
production needed to meet your objectives.
It is probably confusing to think of this in terms of traditional
'shares' because what I'm talking about it a % of real ownership
shared among *only that group of payers*.
There are no committees or board-members or any such bureaucracy
unless that individual group decides they want to subject themselves
to such a system of rule.  Very large groups may find some need for
variations of such self-imposed structure.
Groups of owners using the contract are *fully independent* of each
other.  Some owners will decide they want the oil changed in their
tiller every 200 hrs, while another group may decide they will do it
every 300 hrs.
If by 'dividend' you mean "will the current owners receive some of the
profit as a reward?" then the answer is 'no'.
Profit is treated as an investment from the user who paid it because
profit measures a payer's lack of property.
(*) THE CONTRACT is the (as yet incomplete) legally-binding "Terms of
Operation" that property owners can choose to apply to their own
Physical Sources.
(**) When there is just 1 owner, profit is easily 'hidden' when the
owner pays himself excessive wages which takes from the pool that
would have otherwise been labeled profit.  This ability diminishes as
ownership is multiplexed, since the other owners will then demand such
jobs be put 'on the market' to lower their costs.

@_date: 2010-02-11 23:54:10
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stabilization Growth through Negative Feedback (was: 
No, treating profit as payer investment will redistribute ownership
more than it will increase overall production.
Since ownership in Physical Sources is currently very far from being
in the hands of the Object Users, property will need to change hands a
great deal at first as farms and factories are slowly bought by groups
using the contract.
As a collective whole, we have had for decades enough agricultural
technology, if applied, could supply all humans many times over.
But those who currently own the sources of our food, medicine, soap,
cloth, etc. cannot allow that those sources to be utilized to their
full potential, for that would cause prices to drop.
And they can't let prices drop because their investors expect profit
as their return.
These organizations grow so large they are able to purchase
legislation such as the US Farm Bill that once again pays farmers to
NOT grow in areas that must be provably arable.
This occurs because Capitalists treat Profit in such a way that it
becomes a "positive feedback loop" - promoting actions that increase
Profit even further, and subjugating the user to keep those measures
in place.
Our species is trivially able to support itself if only we could
organize in such a way as to allow Price to reach Cost in a 'safe'
manner so we are not forever trying to 'protect' trade by propping up
Prices and Wages through artificial scarcity enforced by tarrifs and
Unions etc.
The usual opposite to that is to claim trade must be made 'free' using
instruments such as NAFTA, CAFTA, etc.
But that doesn't work either, because the goal of those corporations
is wrong from the beginning.  They dont' care about product; they care
only about profit.
Within Capitalism, the owners of Physical Sources are usually under
obligation to investors who expect them to treat Profit as the return
for taking risk.
But what about the Product itself?  We can pay investors with Product
of that production if those investors are also *users* that will be
satisfied with "at cost" goods and services under their full control.
So how can we pay investors if we intend to use Profit for another
purpose?  One way is to attract Consumers to pre-pay for a return of
*Product* instead.
Everyone will have "high-level" control of their milk, eggs, bread,
medicine, networking, transportation, etc.  We will have those things
"at cost".  How much does it *really* cost to send a photo from a
The payer of profit gains ownership the Physical Sources needed for
the production of each type of object he consumes.  And as his
property ownership approaches 'sufficient', his need to purchase
objects approaches zero.
For example: when the payer of profit has enough ownership in Peach
trees needed to supply himself with all the peaches he will use during
that season, then he no longer buys Peaches from someone else, but is
instead already owner of his % of Peaches that fell from his tree.  He
must pre-pay for the costs of dealing with that fruit, but does not
pay profit, for who would he pay it to?
And since he no longer pays profit for that specific objective, he
will no longer be 'growing' in that regard.
His investments have fallen to zero because his payment of profit fell
to zero; and his payment of profit fell to zero because he gained
sufficient property in those Physical Sources.
The payer slowly gains property in Physical Sources as the profit he
paid is invested for him.
While Profit is treated as Payer investment, Payers gain Property in
Physical Sources until they have enough of that type that no longer
need to grow in that regard.
Growth will approach zero as Profit approaches zero,
Profit will approach zero as Property approaches 'sufficient' for each
type of objective.
Property will approach 'sufficient' if Profit is treated as a Payer's
Growth will auto-level and stabilize in a natural manner when the goal
is the outputs of production instead of the difference between Price
and Cost.
This occurs because we will treat Profit in such a way that it becomes
a "negative feedback loop" - promoting actions that decrease Profit
toward and even reaching zero, freeing the users by giving they full
and final control that Worker Owned organizations would never do.

@_date: 2010-02-12 09:20:56
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical Source 
A potential Consumer will pay a Price above Cost when he does not have
sufficient ownership in the Means of Production because he is
*dependent* upon those current owners.
This imbalance can be incrementally corrected by treating that
overpayment as the payer's investment in the growth of that
organization so that Capital is no longer 'accumulated' into the hands
of the few, but is transparently 'distributed' back to the very person
who paid it as a deed of property ownership in more Physical Sources
needed for that type of product. It is a subtly 'forced' investment.
This causes profit to approach zero (as price approaches cost) and
control to be move to the hands of those willing to work instead of
being centralized into the hands the payees who treat profit as a
reward for themselves.
Treating profit as a reward for the current owners is the physical
basis of Usury.
Treating profit as an investment from the payer is a negative-feedback
against primitive accumulation allowing growth that is both sufficient
(according to the amount the consumer is willing to overpay) and
autoleveling (because profit==0 when an Object consumer has sufficient
Source ownership).

@_date: 2010-02-12 09:40:56
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Funding an Ecosystem Prototype (was: User Freedom 
This is similar to the one of the reasons a computer programmer would
choose to license the results of his labor under the GNU GPL.
In both cases, there are benefits from the resulting ecosystem of
payers who add their own specialized labor - causing the project to
grow outside of your power, becoming a living entity independent of
individual desires to stop it.
Yes, the way I describe it seems nit-picking.  I was trying to be
exact in my explanation, but we could lighten-up on the precision to
begin such ecosystems in prototype .
We could loosen in our implementations by investing only a small % of
the Profit for the Payer while paying-out the rest to various
participants, including the traditional VC investors and of course the
This could allow us to begin as a hybrid corporation similar to what
Suresh and others are working toward.
One thing I've noticed about even pure* Capitalism is that it always
requires more than one Physical Source to bring Profit down.  And even
then there is Profit hidden in high wages and other requirements.
But even if the Prices were identical in both systems, there would
still be the problem that I, as end user, do not have dominion over
those Physical Sources - and so cannot do the work myself and do not
have much of a say over things except to beg those owners.
(*) Where governments provide none of the special favors they currently do.

@_date: 2010-02-12 14:07:48
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
Are you saying ownership makes no impact on the Price a consumer pays?
What is cheaper:
A bunch of friends buy a large van to ride to work together.
A bunch of friends rent a large van to ride to work together.
If there is no difference between the Costs of Owning and the Price of
Renting, then all rental agencies would be reporting zero Profits,
right?  I'm sure that is untrue.
When you own an apple tree, you get apples at exactly the Cost of production.
When you don't own the tree but want the fruit, you can buy them from
another owner, but he will likely charge you a Price that is more than
it really Cost to produce.  That difference is Profit.
No, the capacity to generate *products* is all that is important.
Profit does not occur when a consumer owns the Means (or Physical
Sources) of that product.
Prices are affected by Costs because the Owners must recover at least
what it Cost to produce, or they won't even "break even".
The difference between Consumer Prices and Owner Costs is Profit.
Profit increases as Consumer dependence increases, and decrease as
that dependence decreases.

@_date: 2010-02-16 08:54:24
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stabilizing Growth through Negative Feedback 
These consumers are paying a Price above Cost, so we know the current
owners are collecting Profit.
The current owners are using THE CONTRACT which requires a consumer's
overpayment be treated as HIS investment in more Physical Sources.
There is sufficient production in the area for all those paying
consumers, but the Physical Sources are not owned by those consumers.
The current owners of those Physical Sources obviously have more
production than they can use directly, for that is why they are
selling the products.  During such conditions, the most ideal route
(and I think will be the most common for 'overpropertied' owners)
would be some of the current owners choosing to sell some of their
extra Physical Sources to those underpropertied customers.
But, (in what I think will be a rare case), if none of the current
owners are willing to sell any of their Physical Sources even though
they clearly have more than they can use for themselves, there will be
no recourse but to buy or build even *more* Physical Sources for the
new users - paid for by the users - until every user has sufficient
For it is not just that we need sufficient production, but the
ownership in that production must be distributed to those who are
willing to pay for it, else freedom is not complete.
When a user finally has sufficient ownership toward some Objective, he
no longer buys that type of Object from someone else because he
already owns it as a side-effect of his property in it's Physical
An owner of Physical Sources is also the owner of all potential
Objectives of those Sources.
For example, when you own a car, you don't buy the Objective "get
across town" from somebody else, you own it as a side-effect of paying
for all the costs of buying, maintaining, storing and operating that
Physical Source.
When you own an apple tree, you don't buy the Objects called "apples"
from somebody else, you own them even before the blossoms have formed
- as a side-effect of paying for all the costs of that Physical
Prices are set "by the market" in this system, but as users gain
ownership in Physical Sources, they no longer pay anything more than
Cost because they no longer buy those Objectives directly, but instead
receive them as a result of their ownership in the Physical Sources
required for that production.

@_date: 2010-02-21 11:14:58
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
Must the Material Means of Production required for P2P be necessarily
limited to *individual* ownership, or is there some chance we could
devise a way to hold physical resources together, but in a 'fair'
Is the benefit of co-ownership just not worth the complexity of
figuring-out how to share?

@_date: 2010-02-21 12:37:33
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What should a Community do with Profit? (was: 
Could you tell me more about how and by who these are owned?
Do you have any details about how price above cost is treated?
Could these be community owned?
Could a Cloud be Community Owned?
What should a Community do with Profit?

@_date: 2010-02-22 11:07:40
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What should a Community do with Profit? (was: 
Sorry, but what do you mean by "economically affordable"?
Are you saying Costs would be higher than Capitalist owned, or are you
saying Profits would be too low for investors to bother?
The treatment of Profit is profoundly important because of the impacts
it has on our systems, including whether or not we can grow in a
'sustainable' and 'fair' manner or whether it will cause
centralization of control and loss of sovereignty for the end users as
Capitalism tends to do.

@_date: 2010-02-22 11:31:29
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What should a Community do with Profit? (was: 
Unfortunately, so-called "nonprofit" corporations still charge Price
above Cost, but then 'hide' that revenue in various ways, including
padded wages or bonuses.
They also grow the organization, but retain all the ownership of that
growth for themselves, leaving the users who paid without any property
I agree it *should* be less expensive, since the municipality will not
be paying Profit to external owners, but on the other hand, local
governments suffer from other problems (especially associated with how
funding is collected through mandatory taxation) that make them unable
to allow full user freedom, nor truly at-cost services.
Yes, but who should be the *owner* of that growth?
Most assume it should be the current owners or original organizers -
as that is how Capitalism and even non-profits work - but what would
happen if that growth (those investments) were instead the property of
the people who actually *paid* for them?
That would create a very different dynamic where control was
continuously 'distributed' and automatically balanced since the profit
a user must pay decreases naturally as that user gains property in the
"Physical Sources" of that good or service.

@_date: 2010-02-22 11:46:33
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
Hmm...  Maybe I should rephrase.  What I really meant to ask is:
Must the Material Means of Production required for a more 'fair'
economy be necessarily limited to *individual* ownership?
Aside from any technical issues, what do you see as being wrong with
how things are done now?
In other words, assuming centralization has *some* benefits, why does
it not serve us in the way we expect?
As an example: What is wrong with Gmail?  I understand they snoop on
you, limit you, report you to 'authorities', etc., but why do *they*
do those things to *us*, and why can *we* not get-together to co-own
those datacenters for our collective 'self' so that we (as a group)
finally have control?
It appears to me the problem is that even when attempting to make
production so-called "community owned", we do not understand how to
handle growth caused by Profit, and so ignorantly accumulate the
control of those investments into the hands of the few that began the
venture while leaving those who paid for the growth without any real
control of their own.

@_date: 2010-02-25 22:14:44
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
What do you mean by "no exclusions" and "universal availability" when
speaking of the finite resources in a physical commons?
Are you saying access/admission and use across time must be
unconditional and infinite in duration?
Not everybody can use the oven at once.  How will we schedule and
allocate these material assets?
Or any attempt to schedule or allocate automatically disqualify us
from being either P2P or from being a commons?

@_date: 2010-02-28 13:05:06
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stabilizing Growth through Negative Feedback 
I agree an 'absolute' position closes off many potential routes and
It is important to keep the 'design' separate from the
'implementation' so we can work toward and hope to achieve
*perfection* in design, while allowing for a much broader, more
inclusive, and yes, even less 'correct' implementations that are not
perfect, but are at least slightly functional.
I mentioned this at:
The way I describe it seems nit-picking.  I was trying to be
exact in my explanation, but we could lighten-up on the precision to
begin such ecosystems in prototype .
We could loosen in our implementations by investing only a small % of
the Profit for the Payer while paying-out the rest to various
participants, including the traditional VC investors and of course the
This could allow us to begin as a hybrid corporation similar to what
Suresh and others are working toward.

@_date: 2010-02-28 13:29:52
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
That's a tough one.
I hope you and others can help create those rules as we better
understand why it would be worth it.
Here are some incomplete suggestions:  To everyone reading: please add
or change what you think is wrong:
This may be implemented as an inter-owner Trade Agreement (herein:
RULES) enforced by local and international property and/or contract
laws.  It is a Terms of Operation or Contract or other legally binding
arrangement for The RULES are applied by one or more investors toward the purchase or
construction, installation, storage, and protection of the Physical
Sources required for some Objective.
Incorporation is optional.  It seems likely such entities could
qualify as "Non-Profit" since Price above Cost will be targeting the
needs of those who pay.
In many cases the number of investors can usefully be quite small.
Even just 2 people getting together to share the costs of something
like a rototiller can be "worth it".  The deciding factor seems to be
the ability to utilize that Physical Source - in other words, to "keep
it busy" by renting it to others or by using directly to work for
someone that doesn't own a tiller and cannot or does not want to do
the work themselves.
Requirements enforced during the selling of any Objective created by
Physical Sources under RULES, or during the rental of those Physical
Sources (in that case the Objective is access during that slice of
. The current co-owners of any Physical Source under these RULES must
be allowed to arbitrarily exclude others by disallowing access to
those Objectives.  But once access is granted, all other RULES apply.
. When a User pays Price above Cost (commonly known as Profit), it is
collected by the current owners but then invested on behalf of that
Payer toward the Costs of more Physical Sources required for that
production - or to purchase any Physical Sources already under RULES
that the current co-owners may be selling.
. It may be important to somehow designate a sort of "minimum
divisibility" to any Physical Source under these RULES so any of those
co-owners can make "no-harm" decisions about the it's use and upkeep.
For example, a group shouldn't be able to stop any one co-owner or
sub-group from using the Physical Source in a way that does no harm to
the others.  This is similar in intent to how the GNU GPL makes no
restrictions on use.
. The Payer must receive notification and paperwork or electronic
record that the Profit they paid is being invested for them.
. All Copyrightable materials must be protected by the GNU AGPL or better.
'Costs' include Access, Investment, Insurance, Installation,
maintainence, Pollution, Security, Storage and Wage.
    Access: External taxes or uncontrollable alien fees.
    Exclusion: The cost of disallowing others.
    Investment: Some Consumers will pre-pay.
    Insurance: Done once the "replacement cost" is gathered.
    Installation: tools, materials, labor
    Maintainence: tools, materials, labor
    Operate: tools, materials, labor
    Pollution: noise, smell, poison
    Security: locks, cameras, labor
    Storage: size, shelter, temperature, sun, soil, ventilation, bedding, labor
    Wage: Set between Worker and Owners.
This is really just a draft, but wanted to get it sent so others could
begin thinking in these terms.
Patrick Anderson

@_date: 2010-02-28 13:39:42
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
After looking through the list of Common 'types' I found something
that sounds quite a lot like what I was imagining for using Private
Property in a GNU way:
In common property regimes there is no free access to the resource and
common-pool resources are not public goods. While there is relatively
free but monitored access to the resource system for community
members, there are mechanisms in place which allow the community to
exclude outsiders from using its resource. Thus, in a common property
regime, a common-pool resource has the appearance of a private good
from the outside and that of a common good from the point of view of
an insider. The resource units withdrawn from the system are typically
owned individually by the appropriators.
So is land, water, fish, seeds, air, etc.  We had better start
treating these as the finite resources they are!

@_date: 2010-01-13 09:46:51
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1992 versus 2010 -- Haiti 
Pardon if this is a stupid question, but are you saying
P2P 'wins' when corporate profits reach 0?

@_date: 2010-01-13 21:47:06
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
I hope this is true, but if so, then why would anyone invest?
My answer to that is: Let's get the end-user (or consumer) to invest
for "at cost" product (think of it as a pre-payment plan) since he
would then receive those outputs without paying profit while also
gaining the control he has for so long been without.
On a related note: What would you say is the 'origin' of profit?  Why
does the consumer consent to paying a price above cost, and what is
the 'correct' treatment of that value in the better system?
My answer is to treat that overpayment as though the consumer were
making a tiny investment - so he slowly gains ownership in the Means
of Production for the purpose of solidifying his ability to receive
product "at cost" while also helping him gain the control he needs to
finally be able to claim "User Freedom" in the physical realm.
Treating profit as a payer's investment allows growth to occur, but
causes the ownership in that growth is 'distributed' to those who are
willing to pay for it.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-01-19 12:16:46
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Yes, this is a problem for any small organization...
We *should* control the sources of our needs -
the land, water, organisms, tools and storage.
But we leave it up to Capitalists who hold it against us.
They keep Price above Cost and Sources locked shut.
One way to control is to co-own it ourselves.
We can invest for ourselves by buying the sources.
Once we own sources, even without those skills,
we will have full control and pay much lower bills.
An owner of a tree doesn't pay profit for fruit.
He pays all costs, but owns the objects already.
We can add new conditions to any property we co-own.
We can prevent Objects being separated from Sources.
One way to lock-open the sources we need in our plight.
is to use property rights as the GNU GPL uses Copyright.
We'll become property owners, but then tie our own hands.
By treating profit as a payer's own funding mechanism.
Personal ownership is important.
We each need some privacy.
But Co-Ownership is important too.
Let's share fields and factories.
Co-Ownership is one way to hold physical sources.
Access to these is required to control our objectives.
Co-Ownership is complicated but it's not impossible.
It is what the Capitalists are doing against us already!
But they do it wrong when they treat profit as reward.
Because this incents scarcity, destruction, even war.
The owner of sources owns the objects too.
He is in control in a way that is good.
But that goodness turns sour when he uses that control
to stop new users from gaining freedom of their own.
It is not clear he stops freedom when our usual stance,
is that profit is reward for those who were there first.
But profit measures consumer dependence and scarcity.
It is the inverse of competition, it measures monopoly.
Monopoly is not perfect, but neither is competition,
until each consumer has sufficient source ownership.
Current owners have an upper-hand because they organized.
This is good to a degree, but they take it too far.
It important each person have sufficient property -
both private and public - to fulfill basic needs.
So organizing can be good, because we can then share skills.
But it is also dangerous because we do not know how to scale.
As Capitalism grows, control is concentrated.
Consumers pay for growth, but are not compensated.
Paying price above cost is a plea for control.
We can use that payment to increase our girth.
The payers of profit will fund our expansion
As he accepts co-ownership under our demands.
These demands are a Terms of Operation
Meant to keep Users free of subjugation.
By treating profit paid as investment made,
Each and every user is incrementally freed.
Profit is a sort of coerced pre-payment.
Made by those with insufficient source ownership.
Profit is needed to fund grow.
But we must remember who pays.
A payer becomes investor when he pays more than cost.
But that profit is used to reward those already in charge.
So the payer gains nothing, even though he in need.
While the current owners accumulates more through ignorant greed.
The payer of profit in Capitalism doesn't become the owner of those
new Physical Sources he funded, but is instead left in the cold as
though his contribution meant nothing!
In a better society, you will slowly gain ownership
in real Physical Sources whenever you overpay.
We will each co-own enough surface area, water rights, grain seed,
kitchen (restaurant), grinders, mixers, kneaders, ovens,  knives,
Until you will eventually not buy bread,
for, as Source Owner, you own it already!
I am talking exclusively about material assets - what I call Physical
Sources such as land, buildings, water-rights, computers, plants,
animals, tools, etc.
No, they would only sell what they might want to get rid of.
The profit paid by consumers wouldn't buy-up the *current* assets
(unless for sale), but would be used to make *new* investments - such
as opening another restaurant or buying another roto-tiller or another
computer, etc.
No, the supplier is not required to sell any part of their own business.
But they may be ignored as we "go around" them seeking User Freedom.
For example:
Let's say we begin the "User Freedom Cafe".
Let's also say we were able to organize enough pre-paying customers
that the entire corporation is user-owned.
Now, when a potential customer arrives that has insufficient ownership,
we will sell him a meal too, but will charge a price above cost (profit).
We *do* collect profit from him, but use that overpayment to invest *for*
him.  So if he paid $5 for a hamburger that only cost us $3.75 to deliver,
Then we would be investing that $1.25 by purchasing wheat fields (for
the bun), tomato fields (tomatoes and ketchup), spice fields, beef cattle,
etc. and all the tools and wages needed to turn those sources into future
products - so he incrementally gains ownership to such a degree that he
finally co-owns enough of the entire tree of production for that product
that he has maximized control and minimumized price (price will reach cost).
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-01-23 10:04:41
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
This alternative that needs no special hardware, making it much cheaper:
"'Opengazer is an open source application that uses an ordinary webcam
to estimate the direction of your gaze. This information can then be
passed to other applications. For example, used in conjunction with
Dasher, opengazer allows you to write with your eyes. Opengazer aims
to be a low-cost software alternative to commercial hardware-based eye

@_date: 2010-01-25 22:16:40
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
Traditional investors are paid the difference between what the end-user pays, and the real costs of that production.
Treating profit in this way incents the extremely dangerous behavior we see corporations exhibit as they try to destroy all competitors and even limit the functionality of their own devices to increase scarcity - for profit *requires* scarcity, and cannot withstand abundance.
A better kind of investor is paid in product when he, as a future end-user, invests for the purpose of "at cost" product.
We can organize users this way to "pre pay" for the goods and services they need, but in this case they, the users become full property owners of the physical sources of that production.
One strange side-effect of users being the full property owners of the physical sources required for the production they need is that they no longer pay profit!
But any new user that does not yet have sufficient ownership will be left to the mercy of those current owners.
So, in order to perpetuate the freedom that comes from ownership the physical sources your body requires, we must treat that overpayment (profit) as though that new user were making an investment.
We will handle price above cost as the plea for growth that it is - and so invest it *for* the one who paid it, the user.
By doing so, we turn profit against excessive accumulation for the few, and toward sufficient accumulation for the each.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-01-27 22:21:20
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
Within such a system, pre-payment - whether as initial funding or as
profit paid - would be invested in *more* physical sources that are
not yet operational.
For example: Let's say you pay $5 for a hamburger from such an
institution, but it only cost the current owners $3.75 (including all
wages) to deliver it to you (and clean up after you, etc.).
The difference between price you paid and the costs of production was $1.25.
That $1.25 is pooled with the payments of profit by the many other customers.
When there is enough funds to act, the current owners purchase *more*
physical sources with that revenue.
But the ownership of each of those investments is retained by the
original payer.
Your overpayment becomes your automatic investment in beef cattle,
fields of alfalfa, tomatoes, potatoes, corn, chickens, etc. and all
the land and water rights and tools and any other supporting sources.
The payer becomes part owner in farms and factories, but would only
become part owner in some of the *current* physical sources if there
happen to be some up for sale, and that group of owners were accepting
you as co-owner.
Otherwise, and more often, your investment would be used to grow the
size of the organization by purchasing even more physical sources.
He who pays profit slowly becomes owner,
He who owns enough no longer pays profit.
Profit is invested by the current owners, but the payer would retain
full ownership of those 'shares'.
These investments then 'vest' as their literal productiveness comes online.
There seems to be a need for the current owners to have some control
over that investment, but that control must taper toward 0... or
actually it should taper toward their % of ownership in any co-owned
source.  A crude solution might be a time period where the payer is
inhibited from immediately "cashing out".
The difference is not between 'old' and 'new', but between 'owning'
and 'non-owning'.
As a new, non-owning payer, you have little choice but to pay the $5.
But as you pay your percentage into the system (as you pay profit),
you accrue real, tangible, material, productive, generative assets
that are under your full dominion (within limitations of realistic
divisibility with other possible restrictions ...).
When you own an apple tree, you must pay all the costs of labor,
tools, water, etc. but you do not pay profit, for you own the objects
When you co-own an apple tree orchard with some other people, then you
must pay the same things, and you own the objects already, but it is
easier to do with others helping.
Yes, small is better for some things, such as agriculture and many
types of simple manufacturing.  It also brings pollution costs local,
which I think is a good feedback.
But we could also pre-pay into a phone and internet system that could
deliver service *at cost* to billions.
We could send audio, video, even terabytes of data from our
wrist-phone while only paying for the *real* costs.
How much do you pay to operate the network within your home?
When a user owns the sources he only pays the costs of initial
investment, real wear and tear, the energy and space consumed and any
needed labor.
Yes, corporations are homicidal megaliths because treating profit as
owner reward is a positive-feedback loop incenting even more profit.
But since profit measures consumer dependence,
and since scarcity increases consumer dependence,
Corporations tend to withhold, restrict, disable, destroy.
Treating profit as payer investment is a negative-feedback loop that
allows growth to occur, but tapers off (profits approach zero) as
consumers gains sufficient ownership in all the physical sources of
that production.
We can form new corporations under a special Terms of Operation that
enforce this constraint, and any other rules we find may be needed to
ensure freedom.
Here is my shot at this:
Here is an earlier attempt that is more complete in some ways:
These should also help understand the idea:

@_date: 2010-01-28 18:05:34
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
Prices are not set artificially within this system, they are set by
"the market" just the same as in Capitalism.
There are some very good reasons to do this:
1.) Growth can only occur if more value is collected that the current
costs of operation.  If we do not collect profit, then we will never
have any extra funds needed to include more people under our
2.) Profit will be collected by *someone*, so it may as well be *us*,
for then we can treat it 'correctly'.  If we do not collect profit (if
we sell all products "at cost"), then some customers will buy-up all
of that product (say apples), and then re-sell them closer to the
current market price.
So when you buy such an apple, you will most likely pay profit, just
as you do when you buy from a grocery store.
You will receive a paper or electronic receipt at the point-of-sale
that shows the amount you overpaid.
This is also a legal title to your portion of that co-owned property.
It may be more accurate to call it a bond, since the current owners
have not yet even purchased that property.
You could leave the receipt on the table, but since you already paid
profit, you have already bought into the farm.
These receipts can be traded, and so are valuable even if you decide
you don't like object you bought.
More completely, each of these receipts can also act one-half of an
'insuring' currency.  The other half of the currency is filled when
workers promise to perform future labor within some window of time
against those physical sources.
When both halves of such a note are 'filled' - when you have
sufficient ownership in apple trees, all supporting physical sources,
and have commitments from workers skilled in taking care of those
trees, harvesting the fruit, and preserving and storing, etc. - then
you are literally insured (imperfectly) against going without that
specific objective.

@_date: 2010-01-29 21:26:47
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
I'm afraid they are all wrong in their own ways.
More from ignorance than maliciousness, ALL of our attempts to
organize have failed to provide even our *basic* necessities.
How could so many people be homeless and hungry when there is far, far
more than enough land and water needed to do so?
If our planet was much smaller (or think of an island), and if there
proportionally fewer humans, would more than half of the inhabitants
be without clean water, food and shelter?
Would we, as islanders, also construct famine (as the US Farm Bill
does) by paying each other to NOT grow food - so that prices are kept
above cost?
We are *terrible* at organization.
Once a person or group decides to organize, they immediately take a
stance against all the people who will pay for the growth of that
entity in the future.
Those who organize don't understand what profit measures, and so treat
it as some sort of reward - as though they should celebrate the
depravity and dependence that is the basis and only reason a consumer
would pay profit.
We, as a species, should be 'setup' by now.
Sure there is still work to do, but why are most of us working almost
non-stop for just the absolute bare essentials?
Why do we work our entire lives and *still* not even own a house?
We must organize for the benefit of those willing to pay for the real
costs of production and for those who pay for the expansion of that
entity.  That is the consumer in both cases.
I'm not petitioning a government.  I don't have enough Federal Reserve
Notes to purchase such legislation.
We don't need to beg the actors in the theatre called 'government'.
They won't and even *can't* help us because for-profit corporations
are the only ones currently getting anything done!
We can solve this by organizing for ourselves.  We could do this as a
Corporation, but that isn't strictly necessary.
That organization must be operated under a special Terms of Operation
that designates the proper treatment of profit as a payer's
investment.  That organization will then grow and cause Capitalist to
become unimportant.
Such an organization is certain to outcompete all others since it will
not be required to keep price above cost (investors as consumers are
paid in product, not profit).
We should probably allow prices to float close to what the "market
will bear", but only for the purpose of helping those latecoming
payers to gain co-ownership in the physical sources needed for that
As prices approach costs, our organization will not fail or even be
concerned, since that only indicates that those participants are
gaining sufficient ownership in the sources of production as they
We can easily endure a lack of profit.  Profit should be used for
growth, and when that growth is owned by those who need the outputs
thereof, then profit is naturally reduced.
When profit reaches zero, it will be time for celebration, not for
tears, for it is one of our goals that prices should meet costs so
that everyone can enjoy the things they need without paying tribute to
other owners.
Yes I know many people dream of the day when robots will do all of the work.
But most people will not be able to afford those new technologies anyway.
We need a better Operating System, not more hardware.

@_date: 2010-01-30 00:02:39
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
Ownership has a surprising effect on profit.
When the consumer of an object owns the physical sources of that
product, then he must pay for the costs of that operation.
For example, if you own a backhoe, then you must pay the costs to
operate and maintain and store the machine.  You must grease it, add
oil and diesel, check the water, etc.
If you hire people to do those jobs, then you will need to pay those
wages (as a cost).
You must pay all of the same costs as any other owner, but the one
thing you don't pay is profit - for who would you pay it to?
So profit = 0 when the owner of sources is the consumer of those
objectives because there is nobody else to pay.
A surprising feature of object users being source owners is that price
approaches cost on it's own!
I'm not suggesting we lower prices artificially.  We should charge
just a little less than the "going rate" in the area.
But we won't be able to stop profit from approaching zero for any user
gaining ownership in sources - because the owner of sources is also
the owner of objects even before they are even produced!
For example: One objective of a backhoe is to create big holes in the
ground.  When you, as source-owner, pay for that backhoe to be
operated, you pay only the costs.  Nobody is lowering the price for
that objective; price==cost as a *side effect* of your ownership in
the sources.
If you own a cow, then you don't buy the milk from yourself, you only
pay the costs of production.
If you co-own some cows, you don't buy the milk from yourselves, you
only pay the costs of production.
If you own a dairy with 999 other people, then you must each pay your
portion of the costs, but you wouldn't need to buy the milk from your
collective 'self', but would each already own the same % of milk as
you own cattle.
You could also eventually also have ownership in equipment to make
butter, ice cream, cheese, etc. - and would then own those objectives
"at cost" as well.
You, as the payer of profit, should ultimately gain co-ownership in
*all* of the means of production for as deep as those chains run.
You, as the owner of sources, should have the option to sell
immediately or to keep ownership for any length of time.
Under the Terms of Operation outlined, if you sell or trade any
objectives produced by those co-owned sources, then you would be
required to treat all price above cost charged against that purchaser
as their investment in more sources.
A significant side-effect of treating profit in this manner is that
participants will tend to pay for only about as much as they need for
themselves and so there will not be much of a problem with

@_date: 2010-07-04 18:13:10
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Idea I am Playing With 
Anything eternal must be able to grow in such a way that at least
parts of it are outside the control of the initiator.
This is a scary thought to most, and is usually also seen as a
disadvantage by those who choose to organize.
So here are my 2 questions that will probably sound to harsh to be
considered sincere:
1.) Who will be the initial owners?
2.) How will Profit (which is the source of all growth) be treated?
Thanks for your consideration,

@_date: 2010-07-05 06:01:40
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Idea I am Playing With 
If some % of the profits are treated as payer investment, then what I
describe below can be perpetuated.
For any of the investors who are also consumers, you will not be
burdened by the requirement of making profit, for they can instead be
paid in product (rye) itself.
One advantage of an enterprise being owned by the consumers is that
there is no additional requirement to sell the product and so, once
that pool of investors has been found, you will not need to advertise
and will not be required to keep price above cost.

@_date: 2010-07-06 11:01:19
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ASCAP Declares War on Free Culture 
Copyleft is a *kind* of Copyright license.
Copyleft cannot undermine Copyright BY DEFINITION because
it uses that very legal instrument to enforce it's own terms.
Copyleft cannot even *exist* without Copyright, for it is through
Copyright that Copyleft has any stance at all.
Without Copyright, Copyleft would be a toothless plea for Freedom.
There are two problems with this claim.
1.) The phrase "our music" is in reference to authors who have
chosen to use more traditional Copyright licenses for their works,
and so are choosing to remain outside the of a Copyleft license.
The CC, PK, EFF (and I would add the FSF) would only interested
in those authors and works for the purpose of educating and
freeing them from the social problems caused by user subjugation.
2.) The phrase "do not want to pay" suggests these groups are
against commerce in general, and yet (except for the occasional
use of non-commercial clauses) they are not against the buy or
selling of Free works.  In fact, the the most used Copyleft
license of all time: the GNU GPL was started by a man (some would
say Saint) who used it to sell copies of GNU Emacs shipped on tape.
No, their mission is to spread the word that *their* music (and
any Copyrightable work placed under Copyleft) should be free
as in Freedom.
Here's the link I used to read the mail, as the Clusty.com link
didn't work for me:
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-07-09 12:03:21
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DEBT IS STILL THE PROBLEM AND DEFLATION IS THE 
No country needs to be in debt.  The following is mostly about the
USA, but applies to all countries that choose to to not issue their
own currency:
All of the national debt is a result of our insane and suicidal choice
to rent our currency from a cabal of off-shore bankers instead of
issuing it for ourselves.
Lincoln issued Greenbacks and Silverbacks to avoid going into debt -
but was shot because of it.
JFK issued wanted to start issuing Silver Certificates with
 - but was shot because
of it.
Try  for a
better explanation.
"'If our Nation can issue a dollar bond, it can issue a dollar bill.
The element that makes the bond good also makes the bill good.  The
difference between the bond and the bill lets money brokers [bankers]
collect twice the amount of the bond plus interest.  Whereas the bill
[currency] pays nobody but those who contribute directly in some
useful way.  The People are the basis for government credit.  Why then
cannot the People have the benefit of their own credit by receiving
non-interest bearing currency, instead of bankers receiving the
People's credit in interest bearing bonds?  It is absurd to say that
our country can issue 30 million dollars in bonds and not 30 billion
dollars in currency!  Both are promises to pay; but one promise
fattens the usurers and the other helps the People!'" -- Thomas Edison
Some other good references:
 This simple but clever 7
minutes of Muppet(R) stills explains our money system in terms of
personal, uncashed checks.
 >>How Banks And The Federal Reserve Are
Bankrupting The Planet.  Related: YouTube.com/watch?v=QU0XiklHPMc
 >>Paul
Grignon's 47-minute animated presentation of "Money as Debt" tells in
very simple and effective graphic terms what money is and how it is
being created.  Version 2 is at MoneyAsDebt.net
 >>The
Money Masters - How International Bankers Gained Control of America

@_date: 2010-07-10 13:07:04
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Part 2. How Often Have Sovereign Countries 
As often as they choose to rent their money from foreign interests
instead of issuing for themselves.
Argentina is now out of debt because they have begun issuing their own money.
If 12 of us were abandoned on a deserted island, would would it be
better for us to issue some sort of currency so we could trade skills,
or would it be better to rent that money from someone on another

@_date: 2010-07-10 13:17:34
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DEBT IS THE constructed PROBLEM AND DEFLATION IS THE 
Can anyone in the universe tell me *why* a nation would choose to go
into massive debt to foreign powers when we (as much as any national
is "the we") could far more easily take the responsibility of issuance
upon ourselves?
If 12 of us were abandoned on a deserted island, would would it be
better for us to issue some sort of currency so we could trade skills,
or would it be better to rent that money from someone on another
If peers are going to use alternate currencies, should they issue it
for themselves, or should the RENT it from someone else?
If We, the Peers choose to RENT our money from someone else, then
*who* are those other issuers, and how did they become so superior to
us that they have the right to invent money out of thin air and then
demand payment for the use of it?
By what authority do international bankers issue currency used by most
every nation on earth?
I live in the USA.  We have a massive National Debt *ONLY* because we
have been taken over by foreign powers and so will not issue our own
What good does that do?
Those who *do* issue the currency are using those fiat notes to buy
bonds backed largely by federal lands and other national treasures.
When we finally default on those massive loans, we will have lost
title to our country to clever thieves that have never done anything
of value except to trick us out of our sovereignty.
WHY, WHY, WHY!?

@_date: 2010-07-10 14:42:46
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Part 2. How Often Have Sovereign Countries 
But why would a nation borrow at all when they have the right and even
responsibility to issue that money for themselves thereby avoiding
debt altogether?
It's difficult to slow down enough to reconsider the current
direction, but please try to think this through.
Most citizens assume their nation is issuing the currency they use
because it is beyond comprehension to think we would borrow it from
someone offshore.
It is an act of *treason* to borrow from foreign nationals when we
could otherwise issue these notes FOR FREE.
Are you saying it would have a negative impact on a nation for them to
avoid debt?
What are we so scared of that we will not take that
responsibility upon ourselves at the federal level?
The US National Debt would be exactly $0 if we would only choose to
issue our own currency.
So answer the question please:  why do most nations suicidally choose
to needlessly accumulate massive debt when they could alternatively
simply issue their *own* currency?
Thanks for your consideration.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-07-12 10:42:55
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
Would you say Capitalism is perfect?
If not, what would you say is wrong with it, and how are those
problems held in place?
This proves the system is unable to achieve it's own goals.
It's like a strange kernel [of a computer Operating System] that
cannot schedule and allocate resources without being watched and
adjusted by a group of 'representative' processes.
This is a very dangerous approach because of how our mistreatment of
Profit concentrates wealth (and therefore resources) into the hands of
a few otherwise 'normal' processes and how that wealth is then used to
further influence the kernel by hiring lobbyists to influence the
'representative' processes and even writing legislation (kernel-level
code) that permanently changes the system in their favor.
By 'problematic' do you mean 'easier'?
Would you say humans cannot be happy unless they are in debt?
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-07-13 10:29:46
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] radical efficiency paradigm for public services, 
Efficiency of this type creates 'crisis' because it lowers Profit.
Lowering Profit is OK when Owners of the Means are also the
Consumers of the Product, for their ROI is then Product instead.

@_date: 2010-07-13 13:02:10
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
Even if this claim were true, there are ways to
organize that we haven't even yet attempted.
So we cannot prove or disprove whether
Capitalism is the best since we have not
tried or even discovered all other options.

@_date: 2010-07-13 13:17:24
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
I guess you mean "predatory income".
Real, actual income is Product, not Profit.
A lone islander cannot increase value by consuming.
It is just the opposite.  Consuming a coconut is a
*decrease* in total value.
We will never be able to make sense of our world
while using this sort of upside-down thinking.
We must make a full reconsideration of the goals
of production.  We must move away from the idea
that production is for the purpose of preying
upon those that do not yet have ownership in the
Physical Sources of those outputs.
To believe Profit must be perpetuated is to also
believe Poverty is a requirement that must never
be resolved - for Profit requires Scarcity and
Scarcity is the foundation of Poverty.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-07-16 04:02:03
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] problems with the wiki 
If that were true, then how do you expect me to fix those pages?
I removed the  from the Public Property page.  This page did
not exist before I created it, so you can just delete it if you like.
To fix any other redirected page, just do as Alex instructed: Whenever
you are redirected, you can click on the link in in small font and in
parenthesis just below the title to edit the original page.
I agree some of the work I did here created a mess because I didn't
realize the software would cause pages redirected to a Category to
become entries within that Category - I was only trying to make
'aliases' because they all seemed to be different phrases for the same
Please rework all of this as you see fit.  I will do much less of this
in the future.

@_date: 2010-07-16 04:13:54
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation page Category:Commons has been 
I don't care what you decide, but you may want to
know this is considered a 'feature', not a 'bug'.
Most all programming languages use this approach
through techniques such as  and/or macros
because it makes maintenance much easier - when a
typo is fixed, it is fixed in all places the text occurs.
The copy/paste approach is considered bad policy
because, to be thorough, every edit is incomplete until
you search the entire codebase to find all other places
that must be updated.

@_date: 2010-07-16 08:56:52
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] problems with the wiki 
This scuffle is a microcosm of what every community must face.
We are learning about the difficulties of sharing and hopefully
discovering how to address them in a systematic manner.
Asking for a split over such a small issue is too common in current
psychology/sociology.  It keeps us divided when we do not face these
conflicts because we giveup on the notion of co-ownership and resort
to a single-owner dictatorship because it is just more simple.
Let's ride this through.
Let's work it out.
We must solve these problems of sharing or those seeking scarcity and
*do* share ownership (as in shares on the stock market) will win in
that they will finally destroy the Earth we all need as they seek to
keep price above cost...

@_date: 2010-07-16 12:13:08
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments then 
Anyone know any of the privileged few humans with authority to Issue
Money out of thin air?
This has got to be the best job on earth!
Those issuers often buy bonds backed by "Federal Land" within each
nation - so whenever a nation defaults on it's "National Debt", those
issuers become the new property owners of that country!
This is a much easier way to conquer than going to war.  Just trick
the island next to you into NOT issuing their own money, then get them
into debt by issuing money backed by nothing which you then borrow to
them!  Genius!
Note, this 'money' is not the physical coins or paper notes, but
simply declarations of value = 'fiat' made by ... WHO?  *Who* is
declaring this value, and *why*  do national governments borrowing it
from these people instead of issuing it for the people that comprise
that nation?
There is never any reason for any government or group (at the State,
County, City, even Community level) to be in debt, because they could
always just issue Money for themselves, but the won't.  Weird.

@_date: 2010-07-16 15:48:56
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research]  What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
I understand the rules of partial-reserve banking cause even more
money to be created when I enter into a debt.
But that transaction cannot occur unless there was some 'base'
money to begin with - the 'reserve'.
I think it is called M0.  Who creates the M0 supply?
I'm trying to find out where our money comes from *originally*.
You may answer "a bank".  But then where did *they* get it from?
Someone or some institution is declaring (by fiat) that money
into existence, so *who* or *what* has that authority?
It is like a variation the game of Monopoly(R) where the person
"playing the banker" has an infinite supply of money that he can
create for himself whenever he likes without ever going into debt
and yet all the other players must borrow from him.
I'm not trying to question the morality of any banker as a person,
I'm trying to understand the strategy that has nations enter into
massive debt when it seems it could easily be avoided if those
nations would simply choose to issue M0 for themselves.
But since the question "Why do our nations borrow" is probably too
vast, I simplified to "What is the Origin of our Money Supply"?

@_date: 2010-07-16 15:54:13
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
To show this question has some validity, here are quotes from easily
recognized sources about the strange situation we find ourselves -
where most nations are under crippling debt for no understandable
"If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue
of currency, first by inflation, then by deflation, the banks and
corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the people of
all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent
their fathers conquered." -- Thomas Jefferson
"Give me control of a nation's money, and I care not who writes it's
laws..." -- Meyer Armschel Rothschild 1790
"If you want to be the slaves of banks and pay the cost of your own
slavery, then let the banks create money..." -- Josiah Stamp, Governor
of the Bank of England 1920
"Whoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute
master of all industry and commerce." -- President James A. Garfield
"If our Nation can issue a dollar bond, it can issue a dollar bill.
The element that makes the bond good also makes the bill good. The
difference between the bond and the bill lets money brokers [bankers]
collect twice the amount of the bond plus interest. Whereas the bill
[currency] pays nobody but those who contribute directly in some
useful way. The People are the basis for government credit. Why then
cannot the People have the benefit of their own credit by receiving
non-interest bearing currency, instead of bankers receiving the
People's credit in interest bearing bonds? It is absurd to say that
our country can issue 30 million dollars in bonds and not 30 billion
dollars in currency! Both are promises to pay; but one promise fattens
the usurers and the other helps the People!" -- Thomas Edison

@_date: 2010-07-16 16:06:57
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bonds VS Bills for P2P Money 
Will P2P Money be borrowed from debtors or created by peers?

@_date: 2010-07-16 16:50:21
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Secret of OZ 
"The Secret of Oz" trailer -
How to Fix the 2010 Depression - directed by Bill Still

@_date: 2010-07-16 17:00:22
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bonds VS Bills for P2P Money 
Well, I've only just begun, and this is very complicated for me.
I'll report back here when things make more sense.

@_date: 2010-07-17 05:26:23
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments 
That may be true.  But that is not what I am asking.
My question is *WHO* should create the Money.
For example, let's say we invented a new P2P Money that began to be
popular enough that it could realistically be used as a medium of exchange.
Now imagine this new Money was designed to be "declared into
existence" in limited amounts by each peer...  By the way, I think
this is how BitCoin works.
My question then becomes: Under what conditions would a peer choose to
NOT issue his allotted amount for the year?
I can see peers might borrow from each other AFTER they have already
reached their issuance limit, but why would they choose to forgo
issuing the initial amount they were allowed?
I just noticed this sounds alot like the Basic Income idea.  Each
citizen is *given* a certain amount of Money each year.
If this system were in place, would any of us choose to NOT accept
that handout in favor of instead trying to get a loan from someone
Assuming it is better to get the loan, what are the benefits to
entering into debt as opposed to remaining solvent?
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-07-17 06:54:06
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Advantages of Debt 
Every nation on earth could issue money for itself, but most all
choose to borrow instead.
What are some of the benefits of entering into debt in this way
instead of remaining solvent?
If you were president of a country, would you borrow money from
private banks, or would you issue the money your citizens need without
the advantages of debt?

@_date: 2010-07-17 09:45:00
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks! 
Sounds like we need to get a president into office who is willing to
use military force against these foes.
Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks!
If words do not work, then we should send an air-strike to level the
buildings housing these villains just as the (possibly mythical) Jesus
did against the money-changers.
Why do we cower in fear when we have the firepower to eliminate these
parasites from our governing bodies?
Let us bring down these institutions of usury in the same way the WTC
towers were demolished and the center support structures melted by
powers within our country.

@_date: 2010-07-17 10:50:20
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments 
Are saying Debt and Issuance are identical?
If that is true, then what is the meaning of counterfeit?
Why would a government care if I print more money if it is identical
to borrowing money from a bank?
And what is the interest a nation pays when it borrows as opposed to
paying nothing when it issues for itself?
Is a Basic Income the same as taking out a loan?
If so, then we have always had a Basic Income, right?
I see, so governments should never issue their own money because it
would lower their performance.
But what about those banks that *DO* issue the original money (M0) -
how are they expected to perform well?
In conclusion, the US $12 Trillion debt is a good thing, for without
it, the performance of that government would suffer.

@_date: 2010-07-17 16:27:07
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Advantages of Debt 
Another great thing about debt is how it takes control of the supply
out of the hands of our untrustworthy governments to places into the
hands of the noble bankers who skillfully contract the supply of money
on occasion to keep inflation under control.
Sure these contractions have caused hard times (some might call them
depressions), but these are the sort of firm handed actions we need to
keep overissuance in check so our economy can then rebound even better
than before.
As the London Times stated in 1865 after President Lincoln recklessly
began issuing debt free money:
    "If that mischievous financial policy which had its origin in the
North American Republic during the late war in that country, should
become indurated down to a fixture, then that Government will furnish
its own money without cost. It will pay off its debts and be without
debt. It will become prosperous beyond precedent in the history of the
civilized governments of the world. The brains and wealth of all
countries will go to North America."
Clearly it would be a disaster for all other countries that continue
to rent money from the great and mighty, the all-powerful - even
godlike masters of our destiny, the international banksters.

@_date: 2010-07-19 20:32:35
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks! 
I argue this is a failure of the economic system played out through
the property system as a result of our misappropriation of profit
which, in future orgs, will belong to the Payer as his investment into
more Means of Production of which he is then co-owner.
I'm saying 'Banks', not 'Bankers'.  The humans are mostly innocent
through ignorance.
But for any body attempting yet another assassination...

@_date: 2010-07-20 03:27:26
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
Can you name the one Social Contract that must be *rented*.
Have you ever *rented* the use of any other type of Social Contract?
But a special kind of agreement that requires compounding interest
(rent) be paid in perpetuity.
Which of those 'machines' drains value from those who use it to those
who issued it?
Why are all other Social Contracts 'fiat', but not debt-based?

@_date: 2010-07-20 11:11:06
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
I see.
I was thinking of "Social Contract" as the terms of an agreement.
Are you saying we rent the Laws drawn up by Governments and enforced by Police?
Are you saying we rent the unwritten rules of Prostitution?
It sounds like you are describing the Land, Capital and Labor required
to 'instantiate' the agreement.
The work needed to Enforce Policy (Police), Create Policy (Government)
and Avoid Policy (Prostitution) is done by human beings.
So what human beings are issuing currency, and how hard is that work?
Remember, issuance is not printing bills or minting coins - those are
done by the Mint.
You'll need a computer terminal and the ability to occasionally enter
very large numbers.
All Income Tax in the US is not enough to cover even just the
*Interest* on these loans.
Is there no chance this could be done a little more efficiently?
I would certainly be willing to hold down the '0' key for a Wage much
less than all the Income Taxes paid by all citizens of the US.
I don't understand the argument that Private Corporations will do a
better job than a Compromised Government when the Private Corporations
are the *source* of these compromises.

@_date: 2010-07-21 05:51:18
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Yes, this is much more scary than software.  He is helping to stop
User Freedom for food when he funds legislation and the production of
"Copy Protection" techniques used in plant and animal lifeforms.
"'Gates Gives $300 million - but with a Catch'" --
He is also heavily involved in the 'giving' of pharmaceuticals while
simultaneously working to stop countries from making their own copies
of that so-called "Intellectual Property".
"'BILL  GATES: KILLING AFRICANS FOR PROFIT AND P.R.'" --

@_date: 2010-07-21 06:21:26
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
This is a false dichotomy.  There are other ways to organize.
Both 'private' and 'public' have their own problems that we need to
solve as we construct at least one more way to share resources which
can directly compete against the traditional offerings.
I see as the main goal of the P2P Foundation.
People need to be able to group together for their own benefit to
shield them from the State *and* from Capitalism - which both do some
very wrong things.
People don't want demoralizing handouts, they just want to be fully
compensated for what they add to society without clever middle-men
tricking them out of most of that value.
We want to be peers, but cannot do it alone, so are still trying to
discover or rediscover how to create a community that we really
control which can provide us a way to trade skills without paying
tribute to those who do no work.

@_date: 2010-07-22 11:39:00
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
No reason?  I'll give you the reasons:
0.) For-Profit Corporations care nothing about Product except as a
vehicle for extracting Profit during the exchange of finished goods.
1.) Profit requires Scarcity and scarcity is held in place initially
by withholding access to the finished products and more completely by
withholding access to the *Sources* of those products.
2.) Our ignorant treatment of Profit as though it were a reward for
the current owners incents those owners to make decisions and write
legislation that limits or destroys production to even further
increase Profit.  It is a dangerous positive-feedback loop.
3.) We can never fully solve the problems of society using such a
model, for to do so would destroy the only reason for those entities
to exist - to keep Price above Cost.

@_date: 2010-07-22 13:05:38
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
Hey Ryan,
Thanks for the response.
We need to question our long-standing assumption about how markets must work.
When you say wheat will be "under pressure" because of "high volumes"
you are saying Prices go down as Supply goes up.
This is the Econ 101 argument that Abundance is Bad and Scarcity is
Good because of how Supply reduces Demand.
It is assumed that we must keep Prices above Cost because of our
previous assumption that the Means of Production (the farms for
example) are not owned by the Consumers who need that product.
But let's open our minds to allow a new way of thinking about this.
Imagine 10,000 Consumers buy a large wheat farm from a farmer who is
going bankrupt.  They re-hire that same farmer and his employees to
continue working there.
At the end of the season the Owners/Consumers do not buy the wheat
from themselves (this is different from a co-op), but instead
*already* own the product as a side-effect of their ownership in the
Land and Tools.
Overproduction is not a problem in this model.  These Owners don't
need to destroy the grain or worry about prices at all because they
are not even 'playing' in that arena.
They can dump the excess by selling it 'at-cost' or even by giving it
away to the poor if they like, for it does them no harm.
This Mode of Production does not promote Scarcity because the reward
for investment is the Product itself instead of trying to keep Price
and Cost during the usual post-facto exchange of the goods.
This approach is the only form of organization I have found that does
not otherwise *require* scarcity be perpetuated.

@_date: 2010-07-22 17:38:30
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
Are you saying diversified ownership requires barter?
Why do "mutual funds" not cause this problem?

@_date: 2010-07-24 13:15:09
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
We need Product.
We do not need Profit.
Profit measures scarcity.
Scarcity measures Poverty.
We do not need Poverty.

@_date: 2010-07-24 13:11:37
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Sharing 'files' is only the tip of the hideous iceberg.
Disallowing the copying of lifeforms and medicines makes this new
imperialism much more immediately and obviously against the original
goals of society.
This disgusting tyranny is a result of inverted priorities caused by
the homicidal and even eventually suicidal direction we follow as we
attempt to keep Price above Cost.
For as long as we are unwilling to question the reason for
incorporation and the meaning of this value called 'Profit' will we be
confused about why our efforts can never address the problems they
pretend to want solved.
To solve any problem in any permanent fashion is to destroy Profit
which is only a good thing when the initial investors are those who
intend to benefit from the results of that production.
And such a system can only be held in place if any profit collected
from latecomers is treated as an investment from those payers so they
become owners as well - protecting them from paying tribute to knights
such as Bill Gates.

@_date: 2010-07-27 12:02:40
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is peer production a real mode of production? 
Hi all,
Hope I can add without distracting...
Reading Michel's definition for "Mode of Production"
made me think of *physical* things such as food and
shelter and how we do not yet know how to recover
the costs of their production in a P2P manner.
Is that part of what you are saying Michel?
If so, then maybe "Use Value" (the product itself) is
of more importance than "Exchange Value" (profit)
when attempting P2P production in the physical

@_date: 2010-07-29 08:36:21
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Trust Relationships in P2P Networks 
Even though the word "multilateral" might
be interpreted as either of: one-to-many,
many-to-one or many-to-many, it made
me think more about "multi-owner", or what
I've been thinking of as "P2P Clustering"
and how many facets of an economy are
out of reach until a sort of "Critical Mass"
is reached.
So we 'trust' banks and corporations and
governments, even when they treat us
badly, because ... well for many reasons
that I will try to enumerate in another post.
On a somewhat unrelated note:
This (probably accidentally) implies we would not trust
"outside money" unless it were debt-based.
I claim the trust comes from the clustering alone which in
turn grants the "right by might" authority to enforce that
This will work for most any type of money - whether it is
based on debt, is simply fiat, is backed by precious metals,
is backed by commodities, or (my preference) is backed by
a combination of the Title over the "Physical Sources" plus a
legally-binding "Labor Bond" from a qualified worker or, (even
better), from a group of skilled workers who "Commit to Apply
the Skills" needed to produce some *future* good.

@_date: 2010-07-29 11:45:45
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Trust Relationships in P2P Networks 
By definition?
Who has the authority to define what a P2P Network can
and cannot do?
Within the context of P2P, what are 'definitions', and
what is 'authority'?
Could Peers ever define terms in a P2P manner?
Interesting... one of the central problems we face in
collaboration is the trouble we have agreeing on the
definition of terms.
By what reasoning do you claim the house *must* be
managed as you are describing?
Maybe you are right, but maybe you are wrong, and maybe
there are many other organizational forms that would
work with similar degrees of success.
The details of how co-ownership (some would say
'sharing') of property should be handled is at the
very heart of the discussion of why corporations
and governments get it wrong, and how we, the people,
need to do it differently.
Here are some of the ways people currently choose
to share land and buildings.
Which would you say is closest to your vision of the
best way to organize co-ownership in a P2P network?:
I have been working on this problem lately, and hope to
soon make a presentation showing how we can begin by:
0.) Determine the minimum complexity of a network
(or you might say 'community') needed to host developers
who can only pay with "Commitments to Work".
This minimum complexity is a "Basic Outcome" needed
to keep these workers sustained physically without
paying interest or profit outside of that community.
The inescapable parts I have identified include:
housing/storage, food/drugs, water/sanitation.
The absolute bare-bones startup scenario could provide
temporary housing/storage with tents and food/drugs
through bulk-purchase until we have the time to
build the houses and install the organisms.
1.) Organize middle-class consumers to prepay with
"Outside Money" to buy the Land, Water, Tools, etc.
needed to begin.  These investors will usually be paid
with a single product.
For example, consumers who
prepay for raw milk will actually be investing in the
Milk Cattle, Land, Water-Rights, buildings, etc. needed
to 'host' that production and will be 'paid' when they
receive their portion of that product each day or week.
2.) Attract skilled workers to sign contracts of
"Commitment to Work" to supply the labor needed to
begin.  These investors will usually be paid with a
variety of the products available within the community
to cover all of their physical needs.
The payments to these investors in both cases will come
from the outputs of the production that takes place
within that network.
So a worker might commit to work milking cattle while
receiving basic meals, shelter, etc. as his return.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-07-29 12:43:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Trust Relationships in P2P Networks 
Hello Danny,
I think that may sound a bit combative.  If so, then sorry, that's not
what I intended.
My often declare: "Profit must be treated as an investment from the Consumer who
paid it.".  I have very careful reasoning why that value must be
treated in this manner
with regards to creating a negative-feedback loop that
auto-distributes ownership
even while allowing the growth that otherwise results in over-accumulation
You may very-well be correct in your analysis.  I'm only wanting to know how you
arrived at that conclusion so we prove it right or wrong, and then, if
correct, determine
how it can be implemented.

@_date: 2010-07-30 20:17:57
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Debugging Source Freedom (was: Patrick Andersons 
Who do you mean when you say "their investment"?
I claim profit must be treated as *payer* investment.
I say a Consumer paying a Price above Cost will
be making an investment - but a special kind of
investment that pays in *product* instead of profit.
I don't want the faceless 'community' to take control of
that investment - for then it will be thrown into a slush
fund controlled by some committee that we will then
be fighting to "do the right thing" just as we already
do with almost any form of government we currently
If profit is treated as I suggest, then voting can
be accomplished simply by asserting your rights in
property ownership.  In other words, if you own 21%
of a roto-tiller, then you have 21% of the votes
over that machine.
Even though I hope we can make a situation that
looks and feels like a 'commons', I think it is important
that we allow individuals and sub-groups to act
mostly independent of that conglomerate so the
"Tyranny of the Majority" can be kept under control.
I don't want anyone without ownership in my roto-tiller
to be able to say how often I must change the oil, etc.
I'm saying we won't have any such problems if we
notice the direct connection between funding and
voting and then allow people to fund only when
they want that service.
Current taxation systems take our funds (votes)
early on and then asks some 'representatives' to
try doling them out in some 'fair' manner which
can never have the fine-grained control that I
describe and so we usually pay for all kinds of
projects that we would otherwise never pay for.

@_date: 2010-07-30 21:01:52
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] free lunch? 
Rough draft of Stage0 toward Citizen Owned Production
Most every home and business owner dedicates Land, Water, Tools and
Labor tending non-productive plants while productive plants are
shunned because:
1.) The owner does not have the time and skill to maintain these more
sensitive organisms and the complex ecosystem they should enjoy.
2.) The owner does not have the time and skill and equipment to
harvest, process and store those products.
3.) There is usually "too much" of each of those products for a single
owner, and so much of the harvest goes to waste, causing logistic
problems of 'mess' and also some psychological trauma.
But there are many people in need of food that *do* have the time and
skills we need.
How to pair them up?  And how to make it worth the owners' trouble?
We do this by noticing the profound value in the product itself.
We strike a deal between owners and workers thus:
A.) We will install beautiful yet productive plants for the same price
as non-productive plants.
B.) We will contract with you to tend those plants and harvest the
products in perpetutity at NO COST to you except we will retain some %
of that harvest as payment.
C.) We will optionally process and store your % at NO COST to you
except we will retain some further % of that harvest as payment.
D.) We will optionally prepare your % into advanced solutions, even
fully prepared meals at NO COST to you except we will retain some %
further of that harvest as payment.
For example, if the owner allows us to plant 4 Pecan trees, he can
receive 4 bushels of unshelled Pecans, or 2 bushels of shelled Pecans,
or 1 bushel of shelled Pecans stored by us, or 8Pecan pies, or 4 pecan
pies stored by us, or 2 fancy pecan-chicken dinners, etc.
The owners want landscaping; we will give them permascaping.
But instead of a one-time installation that the owners must then fret
about, we continue service of those organisms in perpetuity and manage
the outputs to whatever degree those owners decide.

@_date: 2010-07-30 21:50:38
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] articles for first week of august particularly 
What do you think of my "free lunch?" post?
Is it blog-ready?

@_date: 2010-07-31 07:51:53
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why do we not choose Permaculture? 
I am trying to find out why our species has decided to move so very
far away from local sufficiency toward a dangerous dependecy upon
centralized production.
We have the Land, Water and willing Workers, so what is the problem?
Why don't we grow Almonds, Avocados and Olives, in our cities (where
climates allow)?
Why are there not grape vines, berry bushes and spice plants in all
the places we installed unproductive species?
I think there are some logistic problems we have overlooked and am
trying to enumerate them so each can be addressed.
Please respond if any sound wrong or to add those that are missing.
* GOVERNMENTS
1.) Taxation as our system of funding public works requires everyone
in that jurisdiction pay for every project even if they are not
interested.  It is the primary cause of the "Tyranny of the Majority".
2.) There are social mores against governments being truly productive.
 Some may think food should be a public service, but those with enough
would not agree - mostly because of problem 3.) Even if a government were to attempt permaculture, the
representatives would likely not see the benefits of owning the
equipment and hiring the workers, and so would hire a private business
to do the work anyway - and so we, the taxpayers who funded the
project would likely be required to *buy* the products back from
ourselves thereby being exposed to paying profit to those owners and
would also loose the high-level control such as if subgroups wanted to
avoid herbicides/pesticides, etc.
* BUSINESSES
1.) Most businesses view everything in terms of Profit, so would not
care about increasing local resilience but would instead weigh the
decision on how much they could overcharge the customer.
2.) The question would viewed as a choice as to whether the business
should increase their diversity.  Most owners would likely find it a
silly proposition as they see agriculture as a strictly separate
occupation that has nothing to do with their core goals.
* INDIVIDUALS
1.) The owner does not have the time and skill to maintain these more
sensitive organisms and the complex ecosystem they should enjoy.
2.) The owner does not have the time and skill and equipment to
harvest, process and store those products.
3.) There is usually "too much" of each of those products for a single
owner, and so much of the harvest goes to waste, causing logistic
problems of 'mess' and also some psychological trauma.

@_date: 2010-06-03 13:09:23
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why do we, 
So many have written:
Why won't *we*, the Users organize to purchase and therefore OWN the
Why won't *we*, the Users buy the Physical Sources such as Computers,
Farms, Factories, etc. so we only pay for the Costs of production
(including wages) and finally have complete control over how they are
Why do *we*, the Users beg those who have bought these things instead
of taking the risk and responsibility of ownership upon ourselves?
I wonder if we will ever mature enough to get together and co-own the
Sources of the things we need...
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-06-09 14:51:27
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Debugging our Code of Conduct (was: Junto and a 
Yes, yes, I am very interested in this too.  How can we share Physical
And how can we share without accidentally becoming one of the same
beasts we currently fight (facebook, Google, etc.).
We need a detailed description of what to do and what not to do at
each step so we can finally create a business model that is better
than *either* of Capitalism or Corporatism.
This "Code of Conduct" would be a legal document that members of any
group could apply to any material assets they intend to share.
But we will need to simplify our analysis to find what we have been
doing wrong and how to correct it.
So let's start with just 2 people and see what we can discover:
Hmm... If 2 people are sharing some tangible object (say a computer),
is there such a thing as profit?
The 2 people must pay for the costs to purchase, install, maintain,
etc. the machine.
But I don't think they pay profit - for who would they pay it to?
Also, they do not 'earn' Profit, but are instead paid in 'Product'.
Their ROI is the very output of that production.  In other words, they
are owning and working for Use-Value alone.
Ahhh, but if a 3rd person appears that does not yet have ownership, we
can charge him more than real costs and thereby extract Profit.
Now, he could have avoided paying Profit if he just had the ownership
needed to protect him...
So if he could gain some property of his own - let's say we used some
of that Profit he just paid toward the purchase of another computer
that he and other late-comers would eventually co-own.
Treating profit as the payer's investment creates a negative-feedback
loop that auto-levels resource allocation (growth only occurs during
overbidding, and overbidding only occurs when growth is truly needed),
distributes control to those who are willing to pay for it (in the end
those who are willing to work for it), and safely drives Profit toward
0 while also creating a basis for production withou fear of automation
or unemployment.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-06-11 18:09:07
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Debugging our Code of Conduct (was: Junto and a 
Created  with the
text of Sepp's email for now.
As this discussion continues I will need show why we must treat Profit
more carefully than just hoping it doesn't exist, but that is usually
a party killer so will wait until it is necessary.
What I'm suggesting is mostly the same idea as "Customer Owned
Networks" but generalized to be used in all types of production.
Here are some references of what others have to say about this Property Model.
''According to Metcalfe's Law, the value of an internet connection
rises with the number of users on the network. However, the phone
companies do not get to raise their prices in return for that increase
in value. This is a matter of considerable frustration to them.
The economic logic of the market suggests that capital should be
invested by whoever captures the value of the investment. The
telephone companies are using that argument to suggest that they
should either be given monopoly pricing power over the last mile, or
that they should be allowed to vertically integrate content with
conduit. Either strategy would allow them to raise prices by locking
out the competition, thus restoring their coercive power over the
customer and helping them extract new revenues from their internet
subscribers.'' -- ''What's the best way to ensure "net neutrality?" Tim Wu, the Columbia
Law School professor and Toronto native who first coined the term, has
a simple suggestion: customer ownership of internet connections. Could
consumers own their internet connections?'' --
''CA * net 4 is similar to the first mini-computer: instead of being
invoiced and bandwidth use, the consumer takes possession of the
network, it controls totally. He can do absolutely what he wants with
the network. Rather than pay each time the user "buys" the network
once and for all.'' --
More from Bill St Arnaud:
Some are trying to create local wireless networks owned by the users
such as  or
the VillageTelco/MeshPotato guys, etc.
Google is considering helping the customer own the "last mile" of the
internet connection through "Homes with Tails"

@_date: 2010-06-24 08:03:51
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
Michel and all,
I am concerned about the "Non-Commercial" CC license used for the
content of the P2PFoundation wiki.
What is the reason for this choice?
"Non-Commercial" is incompatible with the goals of Free Software (any
license disallowing commercial use is categorized as a non-free
license) and will also become a burden to our organizing in the
physical realm.
Commerce has big problems now, but those issues can be repaired.
We want to be able to trade and share amongst ourselves.  Does
"non-commercial" allow that?
What is the definition of "commercial" as mentioned here:
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-06-25 07:23:51
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
Do you realize the Public Domain, the GNU GPL and every other license
that qualifies as a Free Software license allows "commercial

@_date: 2010-06-27 09:22:11
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] challenging open "business" models 
You can remove my name from any page or place.  I would prefer that.
I originally made all of my entries without attributing them to
myself, assuming others would come along and adjust them, but Michel
didn't like that - and so he began adding "According to Patrick
Anderson's User Owned theory" to the beginning of each.
I would rather have my name removed from all of those so the articles
can be more easily adjusted as we learn more about the subject.

@_date: 2010-06-28 15:38:44
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the sterling quote 
It is true that Capitalists do not 'socialize' reward, but that does
not mean it cannot be done.
It is possible to organize afresh in such a way that reward (profit)
is treated differently.
The treatment of Profit is usually pre-determined to be a payment for
those who have Invested.
But wait a minute, ... what if we could pay Investors directly with
the Product instead?
That would only be meaningful if the Investors were simultaneously the
Consumers of that very Product, and if they only Invest as much as
they predict they will need.
So, for example, if a group of Milk Consumers organized to purchase a
small dairy, they would prepay for the total Costs of that production,
and their return for that Investment would the Product itself = Milk.
There would be no Profit unless somebody accidentally Invested too
much.  And in that case, the extra milk could be sold, and considering
the ridiculous overpricing of raw milk, it would be easy to charge a
Price above Cost.
But then what should the group do with that 'reward'?  What would it
mean to 'socialize' the Profit?
Well, what if they acted as though the late-comer who paid that extra
value were also making an investment?
What if we treated Profit as though it were an Investment from the
Consumer who paid it?
Doing so would taper Profit (and therefore growth) toward zero since a
Consumer who owns the Physical Sources of the Product he uses does not
pay Profit - for he owns the Product even before it is created as a
side-effect of his having property in the Physical Sources.
This would cause the organization to grow according to Consumer demand
(paying Profit being the source of that growth), in a 'distributed'
manner since the very person willing to pay for that growth becomes
the direct beneficiary because he gains real property co-ownership and
therefore control over those Physical Sources.
And since a Consumer with Property in Physical Sources pays no Profit
(since he does not buy the Product, but owns it already), this also
causes growth to naturally taper toward zero [actually growth would
follow the same curve as the demand for that Product].
That sounds like no strategy at all.

@_date: 2010-06-29 14:44:46
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Could Abundance ever be 'Good'? (was: Approach to 
This is an old problem.
In 1845 Fr?d?ric Bastiat wrote (at

@_date: 2010-06-29 19:44:15
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Relative Price Levels in the Euro Area 1995-2009 
Sorry if this is a stupid question, but I don't understand the goal.
Do we want prices to be high, or do we want them low?

@_date: 2010-06-30 11:34:05
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Relative Price Levels in the Euro Area 1995-2009 
Does this mean all of the 'alternative' and/or 'community' currencies
will have a problem being 'fair' without an intermediary or some sort
of central arbitrar?
If so, why would an issuer choose to be 'fair' when
they can otherwise take advantage of their position?
Why is this not solved through currency "exchange rates",
and how (or by whom) are those set?

@_date: 2010-03-10 12:04:07
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] feral trade 
This sounds very close to definitions of "Free Trade".  I wonder how
it is different?
Are "Free Trade" advocates against income-tax and sales-tax since they
inhibit (punish) exchange?
What about "Feral Trade" adherents?

@_date: 2010-03-15 09:37:39
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How peering is changing the shape of the Internet 
Hello all.
I'm confused by the idea that ownership would reduce costs.
Wouldn't those "organizations" need to pay the very same costs as "yet
another company"?
Both entities must pay worker wages, building and computer
maintenance, electricity,  taxes, etc.
So where are the savings?

@_date: 2010-03-25 14:51:20
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
Maybe I am misunderstanding you here.
Are you saying things are become "zero cost" when they are
'commonplace' - when they are no longer 'differentiated'?
If so, then why are rudimentary things such as shelter, food and older
medicines still *so* expensive?

@_date: 2010-03-25 17:49:29
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
If the Price for the Consumer "falls to the value of the resources",
does that mean that Owner_Costs and Consumer_Price would be the same?
And if Owner_Costs and Consumer_Price are the same, then Profit must be Zero.
But if Profit is Zero, then why are these big corporations (such as
ConAgra, Tyson, etc.) still in business and reporting 'earnings' even
while moving very non-innovative products such as chicken meat and
frozen potatoes, etc.?
On the other hand, if you are correct, and if Price is moving toward
Cost (causing Profit to approach Zero), then not only do we have a
"problem" that work is being automated away, but we also do not have a
good explanation as to why anyone would be willing to invest in the
There *is* a reason to invest besides Profit; it is called Product.
But production for the sake of Product alone would require (by
definition) for those investors and owners to be the very consumers of
those goods - and for each of them to be invested only to the degree
it would take to supply themselves.
That is an odd arrangement compared to the notion most people have -
where they envision the *workers* to be the investors and owners.

@_date: 2010-03-25 19:23:00
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
I don't want innovation as in GMO or further industrialization of the
food chain.
Cost is on the other side of the equation.
As We, the Consumers own the Sources of our needs, we receive the
reduction in Cost as a reduction in Price immediately!
I'd rather own what is left of heirloom organisms.
Product is *ONLY* interesting to Consumers.
By "small scale", what do you mean with respect to describing the
group who would, ideally invest and Own the Sources of Production?
Similarly: What, ideally, should those Owners do with Profit, and why?
I've noticed:
The destination of Profit determines the Owners of new Property during Growth.
Overaccumulation of Property and Power is caused when 'regular'
for-Profit corporations and other so-called non-Profit entities
collect the difference between Price and Cost, then keep it as a
Distributed Growth can be harnessed by pointing at least a portion of
that overpayment back to the Payer.
The Owner of Sources is Owner of those Products even before they can
be picked from the tree.

@_date: 2010-05-01 10:46:44
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Short Circuit Production - Eliminating the Exchange 
That is very unfortunate.
We won't fix this until we begin to make businesses for the purpose of
making products, not for money. ?Money is not value in itself, it only
'points' to value.
price is just great
Poverty is the *difference* between Price and Wage.
Attempting to fix the problem by increasing both will get us nowhere.
Most ?people think Workers need a higher Wage and assume nothing can
be done about lowering Price.
But if the Worker were a co-owner in the Means of Production of that
which he *Consumes*, then Price would be as low as possible - Price
would *equal* Cost because he wouldn't buy the Product, but would own
it already as a "side effect" of his ownership in the Sources.
When a Consumer of Apples owns the Tree, he might hire someone to pick
that fruit, and must pay all other Costs as well, but does not even
have a chance to pay Profit because the Exchange of those Goods does
not even occur when they are already the property of the person who
needs them.
We must support those Workers "from below" by helping them also own
the Sources of that which they Consume.
This is a good point within the traditional mindset of protecting
Workers by propping-up Wages.
But let's look at this from the other direction:
Let's assume Consumer Ownership is a bad idea.
Now, what will we do to protect Workers if Consumers begin organizing
and Owning the Means of Production as i have described?
Since there will be no selling at the end of the season (the owner of
a fruit tree owns the fruit already) there will be no Profit for the
Workers to claim they should deserve.
Profit will never even 'happen' ?in this "short circuit" scenario
because the product will already be in the hands of those that will
finally use it. ?This means Price will be at the minimum it can ever
be - which is exactly the real Costs of production and Profit will be
Nor will the Workers be able to prop-up Wages since they do not have
ownership in the orchard beyond that which they need for their own
Consumption, and so cannot keep other workers from under-bidding for
that job.
So the only safety I can see for the Workers is to protect their
ability to Consume by helping them co-own their own Means of
Production that will supply them with the goods they need.
This will also 'protect' us from the 'dangers' of automation and
robotics, and all other forms of abundance.
Patrick Anderson
Social Sufficiency Coalition

@_date: 2010-05-10 08:47:28
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Internal announcement of the Free Tax Project 
I'm glad you are working on this, but must questions some of your
basic assumptions.
1.)  How will this be implemented?  Your document seems to suggest we
will beg governments to change.  I'm sorry, but unless you can pay the
officials in charge, I doubt anything will happen.
2.) What is TAX, really?  Could we not think of it as a sort of "at
cost" RENT that is imposed on those that use "community property"?  If
so, then we could implement this by charging rent against anyone
attempting to use any part of a 'simulated' commons.  By 'simulated' I
mean something very similar to
1.) What should TAX (RENT) be 'levied' against?  The wording of your
document seems to suggest we do as current taxation does:
a.) Punishes Specialization by taxing the exchange of goods and
services (both through Income tax and through Sales tax).
b.) Punishes Improvements Improvements and Clustering (causing sprawl)
by taxing the property built upon Land instead of taxing the
"withholding of Land" from others.  This is explained by Henry George
in his book "Progress and Poverty" with the solution titled "Single
Tax".  See also:
Thanks for your time, and sorry to throw so many wrenches into your gears.

@_date: 2010-05-21 08:50:11
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
Who will receive ownership of those new investments?
I'm sure it must not be those who paid them, right?
I've been suggesting the same thing for years!
The only difference is that I also say it is the Payer that should own
those new investments creating the
 any stable system

@_date: 2010-05-21 10:35:30
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
I mean the persons who paid the value called 'Profit'.
The Consumers pay this value, but in our current system they never
gain any ground (never acquire ownership) because we misunderstand the
origin and therefore the proper 'destination' of Profit.
Profit only occurs when a Consumer lacks sufficient ownership in the
Sources of Production.
Otherwise, when a Consumer owns enough Sources (say the eater of an
Avocado is part owner in an Avocado tree), then all Costs must be paid
as usual, but Profit cannot be paid since there is no exchange of
goods after production.  The Avocado is neither bought nor sold, but
is *already* in the hands of the actor who will consume it and so
Profit becomes 'undefined'.
This seems to prove Profit has nothing to do with Workers hired to
install, maintain, protect or operate, the Sources of Production.
I am not trying to exploit the Worker, I am trying to protect him
"from underneath" by helping him build the foundation of ownership he
needs to protect his ability to Consume instead of pretending Work is
a need in itself.
This allows us to let Wages float according to the market (any Worker
can reverse-bid for any job) without needing to prop them up with
'protections' such as minimum-wages or labor unions, etc.
It also frees us to utilize automation and robotics as much as we like
without ever worrying about putting people "out of work" since we
finally have the horse in-front of the cart so that creation is no
longer 'destruction' and abundance is no longer a 'problem' and value
is not in 'crisis'.

@_date: 2010-05-21 10:41:54
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
Are you saying Consumers pay a Price above Cost because of something
the Workers did?
If so, do you subscribe fully to the
 ?
If not, then what would you say is the origin of this value called 'Profit'?

@_date: 2010-05-26 13:41:09
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Or are ahead because they were born into it - from "old money".
Or are ahead because they murdered to gain that position.
Being ahead may not indicate worthiness - in fact it often indicates
the opposite!
Those who are ahead should consider all others and should wonder why
there is a divide at all.
There is a deep flaw in our system (raw Capitalism) that makes the
rich richer and the poor poorer.
This is caused by the Positive Feedback Loop constructed when we treat
Profit as a reward for the current owners instead of understanding it
to be a plea for growth from the latecomer who just paid it.
Bullshit.  The rich do not want the poor to progress.  They want
exactly the opposite - for if the poor were to gain the property
needed to get out from under the thumb of those who are 'ahead', then
the value called Profit would no longer flow out of those workers and
into the hands of the parasites who subjugate society and purposefully
murder our planet to perpetuate the scarcity that Profit requires.
Either I am misunderstanding you or you are suggesting the rich "ought
to get richer" because they are simply superior humans and the poor
are poor simply because they are inferior.

@_date: 2010-11-05 09:12:35
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Commons-dedicated Account Mechanism Granted 
Are we expected to celebrate our subjugation to those holding that
legal instrument?

@_date: 2010-11-05 09:17:38
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: The Commons: Only Fundamental Change Can 
But destroying natural resources such as water supplies is *good* for the
economy because Scarcity increases Profit, and what could we ever possibly
pay Investors if not Profit?
We can't pay Investors with Product unless those Investors are also
Consumers - for who else would accept such a strange ROI?

@_date: 2010-11-19 08:28:50
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Micro-Finance in India Stumbling 
Ah, yes, the *They*.
The 'They' will never reconfigure property relations except for their
own benefit.
That work is up to *us* - it is up to We the People.
==Repurposing Property Ownership
WE must be the change we seek, and we can do it through -
hold onto your hat ... we can do it through Property Ownership!
"What!?" you say, "How can you possibly use something as vicious and
terrible as Private Property in a 'good' manner?".
The secret lies in how the GNU GPL uses Copyright against itself as Copyleft.
We can use the same pattern in the physical realm as, well, as "Property Left".
"Property Left" will be a legally-binding document enforcing Social
Standards we seek.
We then organize to co-purchase Land and Tools that we will place
under this compact.
==Origin and Purpose of Growth
By doing this we give ourselves the opportunity to "do the right
thing" with ownership.
But before we can write such a Private Law we will need to understand how groups
gain property (how they grow), and *WHO* should control that new ownership.
Growth occurs when Price is kept above Cost.
So Profit is a very important source of Growth.
But what is Profit?  Where does it come from?
==Origin and Purpose of Profit
Profit indicates a Payer's lack of property ownership in Sources.
When he who eats the fruit is the Owner of the tree, then only Costs are paid.
There is no Profit because there is no Purchase, for the eater owns it already.
This collapses the complexity of exchange down to trading only skills.
Customers pre-pay for Goods and Services to become Source Owners.
Those with Skill can pay with Work if what they offer is wanted in the network.
While any Profit occurring naturally is treated as Payer Investment in
more Sources.
So growth and clustering is possible, but occurs in an auto-distributed manner.
Those *new* property holdings are then under the co-command of he who paid.
Owners Rule.  They can add any arbitrary laws (rules) to their property.
We can use this to our advantage similar to how the GNU GPL protects
our 'virtual' property.
So let us buy together and co-own the Sources of Production needed for
our sovereignty.
And then apply a Terms Of Operation as a legally binding Social
Compact that defines the negative-feedback loops needed by any
Hypervisor when dividing computing resources among otherwise
destructively greedy Operating Systems.
We will design a system of interaction that describes constraints on Exchange.
It can be thought of a Free as in Freedom Trade Agreement (FaiFTA).
Through this binding agent we can enforce a bare-minimum set of
requirements for Allocation and Scheduling of resources we hold in
It will be a sort of 'Simulated Commons' in that we are explicitly
using Property Ownership to partition the earth into small chunks that
we collectively purchase for our own benefit.
1.) A large group co-buys (crowd-funds) a parcel of land.
2.) The land is held in perpetuity by a Trust or non-profit
corporation, or whatever (I don't know all the different instruments
that can be chosen from).
3.) The Trust *must* either qualify as a non-profit entity or move
outside of city-limits to escape city property taxes that will
otherwise punish all improvements.
4.) Doing this will 'virtualize' access to the Land - allowing
individuals and corporations to Lease parts of the whole, but never
able to sell any part.
5.) The most important point of this is the structure of those Leases
- which can be thought-of as a sort of internal property tax - and how
they must weigh against *holdings* instead of weighing against
The concept of "Profit is Payer Investment" still applies, and means
"Whenever the amount of a Lease is more than needed to cover Costs,
that overpayment becomes the Payer's co-ownership in the Trust.
6.) I'm still uncertain if this is sufficient.  I've always imagined
whatever Social Compact we design must also apply to movable co-owned
Capital (tools and such), but am trying to get away from that
approach, mostly because it is so hard to 'police' and 'enforce'.
7.) This is still incomplete.

@_date: 2010-11-26 19:18:09
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] publishing wikipedia articles for money, 
Kasper Souren wrote
I partly understand the concerns, but am confused when I generalize
the results ...
For example, is the art of text really so different from the art of code?
In other words, is it unethical or immoral to sell Free Software?
I'm not fully convinced either way.
RMS, considered by many to be *excessively* ethical in his goals, was
selling GNU Emacs for $150 per copy back in 1984.
 says: "the freedom to sell
copies is crucial"
and also:
At this point, people began wanting to use GNU Emacs, which raised the
question of how to distribute it. Of course, I put it on the anonymous
ftp server on the MIT computer that I used. (This computer,
prep.ai.mit.edu, thus became the principal GNU ftp distribution site;
when it was decommissioned a few years later, we transferred the name
to our new ftp server.) But at that time, many of the interested
people were not on the Internet and could not get a copy by ftp. So
the question was, what would I say to them?
I could have said, ?Find a friend who is on the net and who will make
a copy for you.? Or I could have done what I did with the original
PDP-10 Emacs: tell them, ?Mail me a tape and a SASE, and I will mail
it back with Emacs on it.? But I had no job, and I was looking for
ways to make money from free software. So I announced that I would
mail a tape to whoever wanted one, for a fee of $150. In this way, I
started a free software distribution business, the precursor of the
companies that today distribute entire Linux-based GNU systems.

@_date: 2010-11-28 11:15:08
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Yes, why is the "materiality of the virtual" so vehemently denied?
Why do so many claim the costs of storing and delivering Software,
Video, Music, etc. are 'marginal' - as though they should be ignored?
The Physical Sources required to host these Virtual Sources are
*massive* for corporations such as Google, Facebook, etc.
This problem is *NO DIFFERENT* from the ancient problem of Land
ownership for the purpose of basic subsistence.
We must learn to work together.  We cannot overgrow the Capitalists in
solitary confinement.
But instead of facing the problem of co-owing Physical Sources, we are
told by Eben Moglen, Richard Stallman and many others that each of us
must own these things in *absolute isolation* to retain Freedom.
The Open Manufacturers are also in denial; they focus solely upon
design and *individual* ownership of manufacturing plants (RepRap,
even though the original manufacturing plants (organisms that create
food, medicine, soaps, etc.) have been forever available for
individual ownership (gardening)
Individual, isolated ownership *DOES NOT WORK* because we are then
each forced to have the extreme skills needed to operate and deal with
the outputs of those Servers, Robots or Organisms which is far more
time and labor intensive as compared to the efficiency of scale the
Capitalists enjoy.
Furthermore, some Physical Sources are *meaningless* when owned in isolation.
For example, We, the Users, will need collectively purchase and/or
build and then co-own the material infrastructure that our ISPs and
Cell-Phone providers hold against us before we can finally have any
real say in how those networks are governed.
Once we see that Property Ownership can be used as a force for good,
we can then begin to co-buy our way out of subjection.
But such an organization will be very unstable unless we are able to
admit the true origin and purpose of Profit, for otherwise the
originators of such a facility will surely treat that Price above Cost
as a reward for themselves - which will concentrate power and
eventually cause the group to be no different from any other
Capitalist endeavor.

@_date: 2010-11-28 13:24:12
@_author: Patrick Anderson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Article - Tim Berners Lee - "Long Live the Web: 
Owners RULE.
Own or Be Owned!
We can continue to beg those who own the physical infrastructure, or
we can begin to co-own for our collective benefit.
Why are we so terrified to take this responsibility upon ourselves?
We, the Users, pay for *all* the Costs of ownership already and pay
Profit as well because we have left the risk-taking to those who
intend to dominate us.
Is it really that difficult to see why they will not listen, when the
artificially scarcity and constructed barriers they create INCREASE
their profits?
Straight to Hell with the begging and pleading!
We, the Users, must organize and co-own so we can then simply ignore
those who would have us pay tribute.
