
@_date: 2009-08-09 12:55:51
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P economics game design concepts 
Play on monopply board.  Print stickers to go over ild property.  When  you go around you are aiding with improvement of proprty.  As piwces  are completed skills are gained that modifu doce roll so property is  modified faster.  Coommm chest becomes skill nuilding set.    Opportunity to weave narrative ingo interaction with the property.   Like building new nanosolar (thos year)
On 9 aug 2009, at 03:17, Joseph Jackson

@_date: 2009-08-12 19:54:57
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
Generally speaking, my designs are all 'not-for-loss/profit' or even
better stated as income-for-outcome, like Haque.  Calling it a
business is probably a poor way to communicate that idea ;)
I mentioned in another thread that I've found the discussion about
'living-wages' to be a particularly key piece in understanding how
operations connect with the locale, and how the residents connect with
the operation.
In aiding a transition to the re-opening of the commons, the
discussion helps people understand what 'profit' actually is, and that
working with/within/for commons based
not-for-profit/coop/income-to-outcome organizations is a winning deal
for everyone.

@_date: 2009-08-13 14:16:39
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Top Posting - Cardinal Sin 
I have been instructed about how not to top post and Eugene's version  of why.
By continuing to do it he accuses me of failing to follow common  I also have my fair share of buttons, thibgs that bother me.
On this case, how many of you delete all mail from nefarious top  posters like me?
Eugene said I've been 'killed' which I read as auto - deleted.  Anyone  else on his list?
Top posring on top of another top post was my rationale.  Apologies if  I've offended others.  Now's a good time to stand up and be counted.
Who hates my style? Please speak up!
I need a better sense of this whole thing.
Alex "top" Rollin

@_date: 2009-08-21 02:10:21
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New "real-time" journal 
I just re-acquainted myself with Google knol, the platform this
journal is using.  It's pretty cool.
It's nice because it's way open.  Anyone can sign up and submit a paper.
I suppose some might take issue witht he fact that it is Google.
Here's a list of 'nice-things':
Google knol is Open
Google knol is Wide
Authors can add in and update their own bio information
Authors can submit to multiple "collections," the form of organization
for the "journal"
Editing is easy
No or very little overhead for new "journals"
Google indexing
Not so nice:
Google - so, it's yours, but not really
Moderators edit the comments
My own issues -
The journal author claims to be "pioneering" this format, and I
believe that is a stretch
There is a very good chance that you lose your 'knol' when it is
submitted because the "journal" locks editing
If you lose your 'knol' you can clone it back to yours again, if you
like, I suppose

@_date: 2009-08-24 11:20:00
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] China Leading World in Green Energy 
On the subject of solar et al...
China Leading World in Green Energy
This idea of China being ahead of the game in anything environment  protection related probably strikes readers as ironic, given reports  of extensive industrial pollution, such as air pollution on a scale  that is changing weather patterns, large scale lead poisoning, and  cadmium in the soil. As Forbes commented recently, "China: Where  Poisoning People Is Almost Free."
But we pointed out in April that China had been out for some time to  take the lead in electric cars. Not only has the US fallen behind in  battery technology, but we also gave up the know-how for the related  drive trains:
h torque DC servomotors are the sine qua non for electric vehicles.
High torque performance is achieved via magnets made of alloys of  various so called "rare earth" elements. Prominent among the alloys  are samarium-cobalt and neodymium-iron-boron. GM held a majority  interest in Magnaquench, an Indiana company with expertise in such  materials and magnet fabrication. GM however decided that electric  motors did not fit into its "core competencies."
Ambrose Evans-Pritchard of the Telegraph tells us China is taking  ground on other green energy fronts, namely solar panels and wind  China is running away with the green technology prize. It has  conquered a third of the world market for solar cells and is on a  breakneck course to build 100 gigawatts of wind turbines by 2020,  doubling again the global capacity for wind power across vast  stretches of Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang.
But potentially more important, China is on the cutting edge of price  Suntech Power in Wuxi has just broken the world record for capturing  photovoltaic solar energy, achieving a 15.6pc conversion rate with a  commercial-grade module.
Trina Solar is neck-and-neck with America's First Solar, the low-cost  star that has already broken the cost barrier of $1 (61p) per watt  with thin film based on cadmium telluride.
The Chinese trio of Suntech, Trina and Yingling al...

@_date: 2009-08-25 23:50:00
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
I think the demonstration is a good idea.  Robots are the present and
future of production in many ways.  This conference is not so much
about robots, but I find that showing people videos of the candyfab
and then the more usable tools is  a great way to make an impact when
'recruiting' to the OS bandwagon cheer section.
This conference seems to be leaning towards facilitating cooperation
and collaboration.  I will be working on something more along the
lines of my experience working with 100s of client organizations and
how they have succeeded in developing cultures of cooperation when
collaborating on complex projects over distances.

@_date: 2009-12-28 15:42:04
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
I don't want to sound like I am too much a fan of "leading from the lower
right," as it is called in Integral Theory, or as some say 'the
technological solution," but I am continually surprised by just how much
having internet with me everywhere keeps me connected and growing.  Access,
timeliness and big picture to name a few of the benefits.
When I was in China I found scores of people who, though working in what
would be called knowledge work, didn't have internet at home.  While
traveling in Germany a few weeks ago many people told me my phone was
pretentious as I browsed looked for Metro timetables and routes.  I thought
they were being silly but, internet for all at what price is not a silly
I share Michel's opinion that that some sort of social understanding is
required in order to demand the deployment of some of these technologies
that many of us have simply gotten used to.  Unless we make it fall from the
sky and self-assemble then I just don't think it will be built without a
mandate of some kind.  Lots of people who have seen my phone in action now
have one.  They see what hyper-enabled means when I use it.  Now they are
hyper-enabled, and soon, very soon, they will run into the edge of the 3G
network just as I have.  What will they do?  Discover our history of
advances (and inadequacies) in appropriate tech?  Let's hope so, and hope
they move on!

@_date: 2009-12-28 18:08:51
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
I think 4G allows a subscriber enough bandwidth to bring a whole
neighborhood online.

@_date: 2009-07-07 16:08:47
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] internet blackout in Urumqi 
Some of the telcos in China are still owned by the state.
The state has a super-sophisticated system (Cisco, Siemens) for
filtering internet traffic regardless of the owner of the telco.
Regardless of the 'type' of data that people send, the Chinese state
has many thousands of people searching and analyzing sites.  The state
has usage stats for every site, and they can block access as needed.
The ability is to block p2p coordination is, IMHO, the single most
effective tactic for maintaining the effectively autocratic
government.  Businesses in China operate by the permission of the
government in a much more explicit manner than in any other country I
have ever lived in.  Thrive or go out of business based on the states
estimation of the value of your enterprise.
Riots are the most dangerous form of threat to the state because they
involve people gathering in physical space.  The riots can only be
stopped in physical space.  Telecommunications can spread the
rationale for the meeting and outpace the government's ability to
respond with force to quell the riot.
In a certain sense, life in China is a sort of 'guided riot.'  People
flow like fish through streams: into the metro, into the building, in
and out of the cities.  So many people!  People have a tendency there
to follow each other in order to find shortcuts and new pathways.
Riots, seen from this perspective, are a huge potential force!
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2009-07-30 13:47:50
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] pushbutton web 
Many are familiar with the ability of Open Source applications like
Drupal to provide features similar or identical to Facebook.  This
article focuses on several aspects of the technology tool set needed
to place Facebook in it's right place as an application consuming data
from various inputs.  The rightful place is RIGHT NEXT TO MY WEBSITE.
My most scathing criticism of Facebook is that it makes it too easy
for people to forget to develop their own ability to publish and
aggregate outside FB.

@_date: 2009-06-15 03:09:40
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Ecology 
I am in Santa Rosa at the moment working on a prototype alternate currency
system with a coop that is working towards the ability to purchase and
manage 'rival goods' for the common good.  I flew here from Amsterdam to
work on the project.  Very fun!
2009/6/14 Sm?ri McCarthy

@_date: 2009-06-14 18:46:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Ecology 
After years of living on the edge I have seen that not everything  moves as fast or willingly as me.
I am so appreciative of the fact that the group here is, as a group,  investing in infrastructure than can carry any currency, that it's  difficult to put into words.  I mean, for all the talk going on, thos  thing is ONLINE NOW! W00t!
As a group they are aware that we must prove profress and a useful  solution and tgat there are mire and better steps after we hit the  first goals.
I'll stay in touch about Iceland Smari.  I checked flights after  returning from Oekonux and I will again very soon.  Bet on it ;)

@_date: 2009-06-29 11:59:40
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A basic income guarantee versus peer production 
"Basic income" doesn't need to become a political football on this
list, I think.
In many places in the world the government and the people work
together to find a more dynamic and full relationship between the
income derived from employment or social welfare and the market prices
of various essential goods and services.
While many of you might guess or point to additional way in which this
can or ought be implemented, I will point out a couple of current
efforts in California.
  - The Family
and Economic Security Initiative
Where the Federal Poverty Level fails to take into account housing and
transportation costs, the FESI contains accounting for the following:
    * Housing costs: US Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Fair
Market Rents and National Low-Income Housing Coalition (NLIHC)
    * Child care costs: California Department of Education (CDE)
    * Food costs: US Department of Agriculture (USDA) low-cost food
plan and ACCRA Cost of Living Index
    * Health insurance costs: Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS)
    * Transportation costs: U.S. Census and the National Association
of Insurance Commissioners.
Now, this tracking of costing can and does lead to the calculation of
localized "self-sufficiency" basic incomes.
So, I've been doing some highly ethical software Peer Production for
going on 5 years now.  What I am doing right now is my very best to
'transfer' some of the processes and behavior to physical
manufacturing systems.  Difficult!  But, guess what I have discovered
to be the great equalizer?
Basic Income.
I know, weird, huh?
Here's a quicky look at the issue:
In a situation where a commons 'may come soon' the general tendency is
to hold close any and all production processes, equipment, and
opportunities, and to assume that individuals are taking all the risk
on themselves.
While this is happening, some participants run into trouble here and
there funding their operations, staffing or generally resourcing them.
What I notice is that the discussion about hiring people on, with the
assumption of perpetuity, at a living wage, allows people to relax
when they consider the "loss" of their private means of production
(illusion of security) and the transfer of that property to the
I feel blessed to have access to local FESI calculations for the
county I'm working in at the moment: The group has played out a number of speculative narratives where
individual members entertain the notion of actually getting paid this
amount for the work they are already doing and find it sufficient.
Please forgive any terseness in this email.  I don't mean to sound
monolithic at all. This is tough work, and at the moment I am still
feeling like I am grasping at straws to communicate systems of
co-ownership, co-management, and co-exercise of commons capital.  In
the USA the legal systems are not well understood, or even clear, and
we are missing several of the legal vehicles that are loud and proud
in the UK and EU.  For example the Industrial Provident Society (IPS)
of the UK.
Basic income and self-sufficient income do not necessarily compete
with Peer Production, in my view.
I feel that many of us who have been lucky enough to engage in Peer
Production in our business and life are also lucky enough to have
reached a basic income level and that it is possible to overlook this.
I remember walking through a market in China and a young shopkeeper
struck up a conversation with me.  She asked me what I did and I told
her software.  She said "ooh ahh" and I said 'you can do it too!  I
would be happy to help you!'  She proceeded to give me a lot of reason
why she could not: no money, no time, no security at home, no
internet, no hot water in the kitchen, no computer, no experience with
a computer, inability to read complex English.
Sometimes people say that given the choice, people will gravitate
towards fulfilling pursuits, and that this is one of the may streams
that endorses the inevitability of aspects of Peer Production.
I would content that a living wage is a form of P2P accounting in
imagination, if not in actuality.  People working together to discover
what it takes to disallow our environment from tearing us away from
pursuits that are fulfilling.
I feel that the conversation, and appreciation of agreement, around
what, exactly, a living wage is, that this is a valuable effort,
regardless of your views about the nature of man or his behavioral
inclinations.  Basic income means looking, really hard, at what the
basics are.  This has, does, and will change with time.  It's an
important discussion, and it doesn't stop, no matter what the primary
mode of value production is.
Alex Rollin
On Mon, Jun 29, 2009 at 10:42 AM, Paul D.

@_date: 2009-05-26 16:15:24
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism (was: Re: labour, 
I am still at a loss as to how to communicate my insight about the
transcendence of capitalism and the new stage of production and community
that follows and I keep making an effort.
One thing that occurs to me to mention now is the value of 'services' in the
new context of a world in which all people are 'doubly-free'.
In capitalist industrialization we have products that become the property of
the purchaser, in most cases, and it is at this point that the ... commons,
or the aggregate of all resources available for production, is somewhat
diminished, in a sense, by the transition of the goods/products and
resources into private ownership.
On a meta-theoretical level, the goods are still part of the flow of
materials in society, unless shot into space, but, for argument's sake,
these materials are removed.
In reading through your PDF about the commons of the future I was inspired
to mention what is becoming more and more common in the SOA (service
oriented architecture) models of the software world, and to mention that
this is being obviously extended into the realm of hard/durable goods
Specifically, service oriented architecture allows for the extension of the
'commons' to include goods that are 'atomized' for personal use by
maintaining a link, through services and maintenance, back to the larger
common resource pool.
Lifetime maintenance, leasing, and a whole host of industry terms are being
used to categorize this evolving area.
I realize some may argue with the mechanics of these innovations (I pause at
using the word innovation) but I merely mention it to draw attention to a
new-ish view of the commons as a flow of resources in the form of durable
goods that pass through the hands of 'consumer-owner-producers' and back
into the production shops that maintain and innovate on these goods.  These
shops are also maintaining the 'new re-enclosure of the open commons" (just
trying to show the connection, here) as goods and raw materials that are
wrought, re-wrought, and cared for to meet the needs of society (messy).
To me, this is an important little view of the 'new' because it sheds some
light on the simplicity of targeted revolt (as opposed to the sought after
ubiquitous revolt) of the doing from the deed, as I understand it from the
Commoner site.
As an example, I just came up with a little business plan.
   - We start a little coop to make bicycles.
   - We narrow the market to goods that have a naturally regular ownership
   transition cycle, where the goods would normally be trashed.
   - Specifically, we sell the use of childrens bicycles as a service.
   - The shop and the bikes are owned by the consumers and producers
   together.
   - We 'lease-rent' the bikes for as long as needed, and then reclaim and
   remanufacture them.
   - Over time, the coop's larger mission of stewarding the raw materials
   for bike manufacture are integrated.  We buy land for making rubber,
   remanufacture tires, steel, whatever.
   - We also teach people to be a part of this themselves.
This is a pretty simple idea to increase the value of the 'bike mobility'
commons, a new 're-enclosed' and relatively open commons (especially if
redistributive economics enable those without to be those with).
Anyways, we don't talk about this much, but it seemed like a nice time to
mention it.  The SOA of the cmmn 'icon' car project out of the Netherlands
follows this logic, generally.   People don't buy the cars...they become
long term partner/owners in the enterprise.
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2009-11-06 14:06:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Maybe but I don't make decisions based on your morality.
Do you find it ethical?  Would you do it?
I have and would again.

@_date: 2009-10-20 15:01:58
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Leapfrogging - Moving to Africa for trial by fire 
Does anyone have plans to move to Africa to innovate sustainable villages?
I thought the same thing about China a few years ago, moving there to start

@_date: 2009-10-26 10:26:02
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Simple ones have the greatest potential for replication regardless of  the ends served.
Larger or more complex rules can be built from the smaller rules in  order to show more considered application.
Wolfram's cellular automata and a bit of AI research follows this  On the subject I've often thought that a multi-modal inquiry into  operating motivations for the purpose of illuminating underlying  motivations ( in environmental life conditions context ) from 1st ,2nd  and 3rd person is a singularly powerful approach to raosing metwork  awareness of practice effectiveness and the single best way to  increase the resilience of the network itself.
On 25 okt 2009, at 15:59, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-09-02 16:30:53
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thingiverse spawns new Parts Nebula 
P2P parts lists..sounds familiar..
Thingiverse spawns new Parts Nebula
Device design repository Thingiverse has grown a new helpful  appendage, the Parts Nebula -
Thingiverse citizens may now create structured part lists that can be  shared and even embedded in their own websites. These part lists are  designed to be as helpful as possible. They print out very easily for  a trip to the hardware store. For those who prefer to shop online,  suppliers can be added to parts to streamline the online part hunt.  Parts themselves can be reused between Things, which saves time and  effort. Last, but not least, there is an inventory system which allows  you to keep track of what parts you have.
More infos on the Thingiverse blog. [via Boing Boing]
Read more | Permalink | Comments |
Read more articles in Online |
Digg this!

@_date: 2009-09-06 16:05:24
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information feudalism and permanent rent in the cloud 
Information feudalism and permanent rent in the cloud
Cory Doctorow?s editorial in the Guardian has an implicit warning.  Cloud Computing may be the vehicle for extracting permanent financial  rents, in a form of license-based feudalism. Cory also thinks it is  unwise to rely on a corporate cloud in times of financial turbulence.
(Information Feudalism is the thesis implicit in Jeremy Rifkin?s Age  of Access that holds that we are entering a regime where the freedom  of property makes place for the unfreedom of licensing, in effect  placing limits on what we can do with the things we purchase,  resulting in a new kind of capitalist serfhood.)
Cory Doctorow:
?Since the rise of the commercial, civilian internet, investors have  dreamed of a return to the high-profitability monopoly telecoms world  that the hyper-competitive net annihilated. Investors loved its pay- per-minute model, a model that charged extra for every single  ?service,? including trivialities such as Caller ID ? remember  when you had to pay extra to find out who was calling you? Imagine if  your ISP tried to charge you for seeing the ?FROM? line on your  emails before you opened them! Minitel, AOL, MSN ? these all shared  the model, and had an iPhone-like monopoly over who could provide  services on their networks, and what those service-providers would  have to pay to supply these services to you, the user.
But with the rise of the net ? the public internet, on which anyone  could create a new service, protocol or application ? there was  always someone ready to eat into this profitable little conspiracy.  The first online services charged you for every email you sent or  received. The next generation kicked their asses by offering email  flat-rate. Bit by bit, the competition killed the meter running on  your network session, the meter that turned over every time you  clicked the mouse. Cloud services can reverse that, at least in part.  Rather than buying a hard-drive once and paying nothing ? apart from  the electricity bill ? to run it, you can buy cloud storage and pay  for those sectors every month. Rather than buying a high-powered CPU  and computing on that, you can move your computing needs to the cloud  and pay for every cycle you eat.
Now, this makes sense for some limited applications. If you?re  supplying a service to the public, having a cloud?s worth of on- demand storage and hosting is great news. Many companies, such as  Twitter, have found that it?s more cost-effective to buy barrel-loads  of storage, bandwidth and computation from distant hosting companies  than it would be to buy their own servers and racks at a data-centre.  And if you?re doing supercomputing applications, then tapping into  the high-performance computing grid...

@_date: 2009-09-08 14:10:53
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Decentralization of emergency response? 
The most important things are the first ones that fail when things are
actually, really, really, going bad.
Yes, education, and it would probably help if education was also seen as a
sort of training in threat assessment and recourse options.  Civil society
is built on not having to think and analyze every situation, and yet, every
habituated before is sub-optimal in the face of change.
2009/9/8 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-09-11 17:08:47
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Plans New Mirror For Cheaper Solar Power 
The solar work ay FeF wasn't stopped for the cost of reflectors, but  better cheaper can't hurt.
Sent to you via Google Reader
Google Plans New Mirror For Cheaper Solar Power
Google, disappointed with the lack of breakthrough investment ideas in  the green technology sector, is working to develop its own new mirror  technology that could reduce the cost of building solar thermal plants  by a quarter or more.

@_date: 2010-04-05 21:37:54
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resource Management - Nature, Depth, Collaboration, 
I was wondering if there are others interested in the discussion about how
the 'nature' of a resource, as Samuel describes below, influences management
of the resource.
A system of resource co-governance needs a way to recognize the nature
of the resource (rival, non-rival, excludable, non-excludable), which
then gives grounding for the logic about how it is tracked/measured.
It's as much a social dilemma as it is a technical problem
I have noticed this design need in several cases, as I am sure others have
as well.  Perhaps it is easy enough to say that
1.  Once a co-governance has the ability to recognize a resource
2.  The resource can be managed appropriately
This comes off as simplistic, though.  First we have issues of the 'nature.'
 Then, how deep are we 'recognizing'?  1000 years, 7 generations, or the
expected durability/lifetime of a (seemingly discrete) product/object?
1.  What is the nature of the resource, and by what standard do you make
this judgement?
2.  How deep are you looking in the management of this resource, insuring
renewal?  What standard?
3.  How can your form of resource co-governance be as appropriate as
possible to the management of the specific resource under examination?
4. How can you learn from other (dis)similar management efforts?
I have had to simplify in so many instances by narrowing my research set by
drawing all sorts of somewhat r boundary conditions.
For example, I am studying the management protocol and legal environment
that empowers a stichting, a Dutch non-profit legal form, to aid the
owner/members of the stichting as co-residents of an apartment building to
care for commons spaces and resource sin the building while maintaining
their collective relationship with the Dutch government and tax authority.
In this set, the groups, or individual stichtings, are 2-5 persons, and have
roughly similar budgets per capita.  Their horizon is roughly similar,
generally, at 5 years or so, during which time they are interested in
getting a good return on their money and maintaining the care of the
buildings commons areas.
While not facile, it is possible to walk through the bulk of the
transactions and interpersonal exchanges required during a business year and
understand what this group does in relation to the outcomes it is seeking.
 It is also possible to generalize this, and even systematize it to a
certain degree.  Indeed, this is even expected if only because the stichting
is a required entity for all co-habitations that have commons areas in
Holland and the Dutch government, in order to minimize costs and increase
(mandatory) compliance works to systematically educate these "maintainers"
of the "enclosed Commons."
In effect, the government has set down a number of responses to the
questions I listed above.
1.  Nature - Co-habitations, 2 or more units in a building or set of
buildings, with (any) common space.
2. Depth - The legal person owners of the buildings/units and their
particular interests.  Annual tax cycle horizon at minimum.
3.  Collaboration/Co-Governance - Default legal composition on file for
stichtings, amended easily.
4.  Learning - Free consulting from the government, classes, and online
In many ways the Dutch government is answering the questions for more and
more collaborative efforts every day, and handing out 'default settings' to
those who wish to apply them.  By forcing mandatory adoption of the vehicle
the populace is getting a crash course (since 2007) in the defaults, if
nothing else.  Far more is possible if you go beyond the defaults of course,
but the defaults will work well for many...or they wouldn't be the defaults.
One of the points in writing today is to ask if others are interested in the
standards, here, and how those standards influence collaboration.  Surely
the habitual training the Dutch government is enforcing, for managing common
areas, is better than... no management.  So, how do we use standards to talk
about the next step?  How are 'classes' of resources a potential source of
information for the next steps?  How can we identify more situations like
this one where a people have been receiving training in 'commons

@_date: 2010-04-09 15:11:12
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] in what precisely, 
And what do AIG, the recent awards, SAIC?s entry onto the S&P 500, and
I wonder if one of this weekend?s editorial writers has more knowledge of
the contents of e-mails then first meets the eye. After all, Eliot Spitzer
was New York State?s Attorney General on October 20, 2005 when Bulf Oil,
that mysterious oil-for-food company was convicted of grand larceny. For
those of you not familiar with it, the ?Romanian Company? Bulf Oil ? is one
of the most fascinating untold stories of the run-up to the Iraq war. Even
more fascinating is theReston, Virginia trading company, Midway Oil Trading
Inc ., which wired
funds through one or more New York banks to subsidize the oil-for-food scam.
Midway Oil Trading Inc. reportedly had offices in Virginia, Switzerland and
Greece. Wouldn?t it be interesting to find out whether any of the folks
implicated in the web of obscurity actually were outed by bankruptcy?
Let me be blunt. The real story of the bailout is not one of
?too-big-to-fail?. Rather it is one of ?too-many-skeletons-in-the-closet?.
So we arrive at Archimedean Theorem III ? Accountability and Transparency
are the ultimate arbiters of public good. As we have seen with carbon credit
indulgences, Olympic security for games 5 years over, oil-for-food, peace
through war, and Copenhagen?s absurd conclusion, when subterfuge and
obscurity are utilities of choice, no public good will follow. Yes, we need
the AIG bailout records. Yes, we need the Federal Reserve audit. Yes we need
genuine accountability for the propagation of a war that has NOTHING to do
with freedom. Obscurity?s days are numbered as long as you, the reader,
decide to wake up. If not, this blog, and my efforts serve as an epitaph on
us all. WAKE UP!
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-04-18 01:43:57
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More detail on money and happiness 
else.  Then the bulk of people find themselves compared to others like them
and have reasonable expectations.  Comparing and contrasting is a built in
survival logic and won't be deprecated any time soon.  Better to have it
work for ecological sustainability, social justice, and internal awareness.
That seems reasonable since change is a real part of life and adaptation
requires an approach that goes through several stages.  There are no pure
types in humans since we all doa little of each in the early years, and most
of us through out our lives.
This post sent me on a related trip to look up some of the strategies for
the surveys on 'quality of life' undertaken around the planet.
A year ago there was some interest on this list in a project I nosed around
in, the FactorEFarm in Missouri, USA.  That project is working on
'inventing' or re-inventing a set of tools that are used to build the
infrastructure of civilization.   When quality of life surveys are taken,
though, for the most part, these aspect are skipped in preference for things
like this NZ survey that asks questions like "do you feel safe after dark in
your neighborhood/"
It doesn't ask if there is a dry cleaner in your neighborhood, or if you own
a drill, jigsaw, and screwdriver.
On my hunt to find a way, a means, a method for a dependency tree of goods
and services, and turning them all into P2P operations for a localized
economy, I almsot lost myself in thinking I didn't need to examine this
anymore, and I could just look at the NZ questionnaire "Did you attempt to
visit a Doctor and could not?" when I saw the definition of capital in the
glossary of the World Bank:
*Capital. *The money or wealth needed to produce goods and services. See
also *human capital* and*physical capital.*
What about people?  What about cooperative social responsibility?  What
about the failure of things that are too big too fail?
Yes, lots of questions, you probably have more, and they can't be answered,
but, that's why I'm interested in the physical foundations of quality of
life, plus the interactions, and the sharing of experience that powers the
creation of culture.
Quality of life as a result of a multitude of inputs.
A living wage that is responsive to the local (going global) environment
Coordination tools that decrease friction, increase intelligence, and negate
counter-productive arbitrage
A public, common infrastructure, owned, operated, and managed by the people.
The race to the middle seems like a great race to me.  I remember those
China fears when they first came up, about what happens if everyone in China
lives like they live in Dallas, TX.  We all know now that the 'typical'
Western lifestyle is too much to expect, but what is enough to expect?  And
isn't that worth working towards?  Of course?!  But why don't we see a
re-calibration of these surveys and studies for that standard, or some
agreed upon matrix for evaluation and examination of that standard,
something solid so we could have a real conversation about validity and
perspective on such a standard over the next 10 years as we work towards it
instead of rolling with mediatic punches and biased surveys that are often
off-topic even though they are provocative?

@_date: 2010-04-19 08:40:24
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
I have tried Elgg before.  It is ok, but I do not like it as much as Drupal.
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-04-19 10:52:10
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
Many people on this list will be familiar with Drupal.  Several of us are
experts in one area of Drupal or another.
I think the issue about regular costs is an important one.  I am happy to
volunteer 20 hours of maintenance annually to make a Drupal site work for
the P2PFoundation.
Volunteer labor does not take care of the costs of hosting, though. I think
the idea of everyone chipping in and coordinating is a great one.
What if we planned a 3 year cycle?  Collect costs for 3 years of hosting
(+10%?) and then planned to run the campaign again after 2 years, giving us
a year to raise the money the next time through?
Perhaps Kasper and James can give us some options for where to put the web
properties, and how much hosting costs, per year.
Indeed I have always advised against Ning because there was always the
chance that what has happened would happen.  Ning has made data exports
available, yes, but one must have a programmer around in order to make use
of such a thing, and then a destination in mind for the data itself.  This
should serve to inform a great number of people about the difference between
free and OpenSource, and make many unhappy.
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-04-19 15:48:56
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
What about moving the blog to Drupal and adding a few social features?
I am not sure exactly what people like about Ning, but this would be an
important time to say something about it.
I understood that it was initially set up because it was easy.  Perhaps a
current admin could give us some usage statistics to tell us what features
are popular.
If Elgg is being recommended because it is replacing 'social features' that
we don't need or care about then why use it?
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-04-19 17:21:18
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
was created for a blog, and adding additional features can be dangerous
compared to a more established CMS platform like Drupal.  That said, the
question is are people using 'social features?
Has anyone gone back to the Ning site to find friends and send them
Is anyone regularly adding Youtube videos?
What are the benefits of the Ning site that are different from that of the
After Buddypress installation, you can batch upload the Ning.com
It is possible to import the Wordpress blog into a new Drupal site as well.
 This is a really good thing.  The fewer pieces of software we run the
better, imho, and keeping it simple is a good thing, too.

@_date: 2010-04-19 17:44:35
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
I offer:
Allowing users to post to the shared blog.
Publishing while minimizing overhead and admin time.
Building a web presence that is complimentary to the wiki
Publishing to the web so more people find the content through search
Inviting the wider community to enjoy the conversation instead of forcing
them to join the list.
So, being able to find a profile and add that person to your 'friends' is
Seeing comments as threaded replies is good.
Seeing a username on a comment and clicking through to the profile of that
person is good.
Would someone like to write a funding appeal for this effort?
Does anyone have a recommendation of a 'green' webhost for us?
what I'm doing with Sam, through civicCRM is devising a mailing list of our
Offering people the ability to manage subscriptions through a site is a very
professional approach.

@_date: 2010-04-20 08:04:45
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 5 Places to take your Ning Network... 
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now
we all collapse.
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the
first and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new
world.? - Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-04-21 09:05:42
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
What do you mean by "social network type interface"?  What Ning  features do you like?
Only the member data and we could do that with the same amount of work  on lots of systems.  This alone does not make buddypress special.

@_date: 2010-04-21 09:10:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
Do you have a list of your favorite features from Ning?
I am a bit confused... Do you use the Ning site now?

@_date: 2010-08-01 09:06:00
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tyranny of Majority was "Why do we not choose 
In reading more pages on systems theory the last couple of weeks I have been
trying to see what I could learn about how behavior and attitudes percolated
through social systems.  I'm interested in decision making processes in
particular, and the simple spread of behavior, a common research subject, is
a sort of decision making.
I offered no simple solutions in my email, but I did make note of some
directions I am looking in, and was wondering about what others have found.
The processes of interacting with the environment all the way up to
delivering global goods are complicated, for sure, but it seems that we
don't have many "common" or well understood ways of beginning to discuss
these processes without getting into the issues or solutions.
For example, a number of means exist to discuss interactions in production
processes, but we don't seem to get enough training in using these tools to
be able to use them to understand the system that touch us regularly.
When it comes to something like "quality of life," a subject so vast as to
defy all real attempts to nail it down, we are still unable to discuss the
subject much less make decisions about it.
We can speculate, sure...
Have others found success with notation systems, or a particular language,
for diagramming complex system interactions?  Clarity around decision making
would be only one of many possibilities to come out of such skills, were
they more widespread.

@_date: 2010-08-01 09:34:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tyranny of Majority was "Why do we not choose 
Yes, you mentioned a couple weeks ago that you had started that.  I'm still
waiting for a second hand ebook, but I look forward to it.
That particular insight is extremely practical and true for most things.
 Something that is watched is increased or maintained.
This is often the rationale behind encouraging appreciation in a community
for good things.  It is an end in itself, to a degree.
My question then, again, is what are some of the ways that we communicate
how we are watching the "quality of life" commons or others, and
specifically ways that come off as alluding to each of our many roles in
civic engagement.
For example, if I say, "well, I find this to be a lovely day!" I would
obviously not be provoking an argument.
"Well, I find the quality of life to be so-so!"

@_date: 2010-08-02 08:00:01
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] request for submissions: favourite Torrent 
Hi Chris,
I recently wrote to the Natural Math list asking about how the group
networked with other groups providing education resources.  The query seems
relevant to some of your workshops.  Do you have written advice for teacher
groups writing curricula on the internet (for sharing through collaboration)
that they could benefit from?  I read your workshop list here and couldn't
find a document on that: Here's  and my recent post (lot in google groups,

@_date: 2010-08-02 09:35:17
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation Partner Directory 
I was hoping that Michel and others can take a look at
I just made the page to give a  systematic treatment to the idea of
partnerships and to an easily managed gallery for partner logos.
This page now lives in the
The hope is also that others will feel comfortable to discuss partnership
protocol, and to make pages for partners that do not currently have one.
 Perhaps a statement about the partnership on the page, too.
I have made some additional recommendations on the talk page:

@_date: 2010-08-02 15:13:18
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
Returning to this thread, I offer a durable taxonomical system for the wiki
that can be expanded to include additional collections.
Additions, corrections and changes are welcome.
I do believe that the Semantic extension could be more at home now.
DynamicPageList is now functioning and can provide a few of the automated
lists needed as more structure and templates are added.  Several forms are
now being used to allow users to add templated articles for common uses, and
these articles would be much more re-usable if they were done with SMW.
Many of the most complex pages then could be rendered automatically instead
of with tedious tables and such. Many of the most beautiful pages are out of
date now for this reason.   I suspect that the lengthy html, so easily
destroyed, is one of the primary reasons for this.
Because the wiki is not installed in a folder many of the JS functions were
not working previously. In the near future I suspect that the site will need
to be served from  in order to upgrade and
make use of additional Usability improvement extensions.

@_date: 2010-08-03 00:53:15
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Authority, 
In my research lately I've noticed that there's at least 2 places where
representation is used...places might not be the right term.
In many systems there are issues around time.  On one hand peers don't have
enough time to participate in governance.  For some reason.  On the other
hand, the "horizon" for a resource...for renewal, exapansion etc, that
horizon is only interesting to certain people.
So, time is a place where representation is used.  The reasons for
representation vary with the number of perspectives represented in the
system, but time seems to be a mitigating factor.
Another place is merit, knowledge, or expertise.  It goes the same route.
 Some peers don't have time to develop expertise, while others with
expertise develop a following a people who trust them to proxy as a rep.
It is likely that any 'currency commons' has similar dynamics, with a set of
perspectives.  I've been wondering about a list of such things.  We had the
P2P Metrics page and I was intending to write something there about how we
look at systems from the inside and outside as data points.  Then you have
how peers examine the same things, like reputation and merit and time for
resources and themselves from inside the system.
Perhaps representation comes in every time anyone feels a form of
'insufficiency' with something like time or expertise.  That representation
isn;t always explicit.
What I find troubling about representation systems is that they endure
without getting a rebuild, of the system, the logic and the perspectives.
 They just sit there, relevant or not to current goings-on.  I've seen the
best intentioned people abuse such things.  I would call it abuse because
the use of assumptions about the correctness of an already existing system
substitutes for a re-examination of the system and its utility.
I'm of the opinion that 'currency commons' like the one for time and
expertise, that interact all the way around the
subject/intersubjective/objective/interobjective loop are one way to examine
how this functions.  I think a fully fractal system should take this into
account, somehow, and it's exhausting, so we need some basic rules like
simple cellular automata to handle iteration so as to avoid the huge bog
down of figuring it all out ahead of time.
Lately I've been doing a little side course in Modal Logic, which is used
for inference of potentia.  It's related to this and sort of
'currency independent.  I'd recommend it as a way of thinking about such
things that's more robust and lighter weight than specialized rules for
every currency, which I think are silly.

@_date: 2010-08-03 08:25:28
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New laws in Michigan 
Laws like these, that require safety protocols, are often designed in such a
way as to make home based preparation of food for distribution too costly
without cooperation.
I worked for a network of kitchens for a bit 10 years ago that allowed folks
to access the required cooking equipment, approved and licensed by the
county and state, so they could prepare foods for distribution.
This was good for certain things, but it was not designed in such a way that
people could bring, say, 5 or 6 tons of tomatoes for processing.
Similar laws regarding milk, allowing the sale of raw milk, were passed in
California recently.  This has been very good for cheese making, but does
not actually enable cheese makers to sell the cheese.  Only farmers to sell
the milk.

@_date: 2010-08-03 09:11:21
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
I am open to Michel working with me on making the wiki more accessible.  I
feel the wiki needs to serve experienced editors like myself who have a
background in information architecture, and that an editor like Michel who
pastes in a lot of content should be easily able to discover where things
should be pasted so that they are accessible and useful for this lists of
content that populate the category pages proper.
I don't have any real issues with the current general category system.  My
only thing with it is to spell the categories correctly, which, as Michel
mentioned, was a simple error in the early days of learning how the wiki
I mentioned the category system was flexible.  Michel, you could have done
so yourself, but I took the liberty of creating the collections of the
historic categories in a way that is exactly aligned to how you use them on
the front page.  Each category could be placed in a number of different
collections, and your method is only as arbitrary as another person who
spends as much time explaining it as you have.
I would offer that the use of subcategories is an easy way to do this stuff,
as opposed to manual editing of lists.  If a single subcategory helps users
navigate, or helps and editor maintain an automated listing on a category
page, that this is a useful thing and deserves no condemnation from you.  As
you mentioned, it is difficult to see how the system is flexible when it
hasn't been used to adapt to your own constraints yet. This has now been
done, to a certain extent, to your constraints, and you can edit/add as you
see fit.  In the future you can ask others to help you with additions to the
system as I am sure there will be more of them.
I do not see the layer that is described, the one that is "mine" or
different.  I can appreciate that Michel is still getting a feel for how to
use categories and subcategories.  As with all editors who begin to use more
of the advanced functionality of the wiki to create an interlinked
collection articles, so it is with the new editors I have been writing help
pages for in the last months.  As each become more familiar with the
functionality they will no doubt enjoy more latitude in creating custom
lists and refined groupings of pages that are part of the larger category
system on the wiki that is now in place.
I am going to assume that the new/empty/not-useful categories on the wiki
are the primarily administrative ones.  I've spent several weeks writing and
re-writing help pages on the wiki so that new editors would be supported
when they enter the site.  In response to questions from these editors and
my own inclinations I took additional time to collect together an unsorted,
unmaintained set of quasi-explanatory documents and did my best to unite
them into something like an average user would expect from an organization,
one that has a website and is open to users creating articles and other
things on that site.  One that says, in the founding documents, that this is
a part of the purpose of the organization.
As a matter of course I did do what I could to develop some more explicit
terminology about the idea of the Foundation as a commons and that licensing
and standards for the site are designed to facilitate the collaboration
practices as outlined in the founding documents of the organization.  As
this collection of documents is quite large in number I do not expect most
folks to read it.
Indeed, as the Forward Foundation and others only appear to consider the P2P
Foundation a partner in a limited sense, the number of stakeholders in such
discussions about formal operations and documentation does tend to go down
over time as that trend of off-site "reputation based" partnership of this
type continues.  My hope is that those who come new to the site now will see
these efforts as welcoming, that they can see that the way the organization
operates is flexible, and that what they hope to achieve here on the wiki
can be facilitated in ways that are useful, non-destructive, and clearly
outlined.  I share their concerns, and wish to continue to work with them on
the wiki.  I am still concerned that these folks will be flamed and trounced
as I feel I have been by Michel.  I have reasonable concerns in this area,
and so I am taking reasonable action to outline policy that is in accord
with Michel's needs, I think, and to the best of my ability.
The new users coming to the site, like myself, are looking for a different
type of partnership.  Most of them don't really care that this is called
P2P.  They are interested in using technology and methods that work.  I get
a lot out of reading articles on the wiki, and as Michel has stated, many of
the articles, even though they do not mention P2P explicitly, do contain
morsels of what the bulk of people reading this email would consider to be
within the realm of P2P Theory.  Folks who read those articles, including
myself, still have to do translation, into a language they understand in the
context of their personal experience, and then another creative step in
moving forward and applying what they learn to their situation.   By and
large it doesn't serve them to call what they do from then on P2P, either.
These type of partnerships are a bit more difficult to serve, as an
organization, than a hand-wavy "partnership" that has us posting lists of
people who "support" the foundation.  These are operations of the
foundation, though, which are somehow related to the purpose(s), purposes
that I've attempted to collect from various places on the wiki into
  In a sense these
operations are "given" to folks who want to be editors.  The operations and
policy/guidelines do need a form of outline in some fashion.  This is what
those categories do.  It looks like what most organizations have on their
sites.  I've created hundreds of them in the past.
Michel's reactive outpourings and concerns are a form of input I use to
construct policy/guidelines of a sort, all of which are easily reviewed in
the Help section through the help link.  Again, I don't expect folks will
read them, but if they do, I do stake my own reputation on the idea that you
will find them sane and of consistant voice, as well as editable.  Again, as
I mentioned, they are written to be likable by the folks who have a history
here.  Indeed, as a community organizer in my own right, I have some
background in this, and I hope you benefit from my experience and current
efforts.  To be called "other" or a "layer" is not helpful.  Own it.  It's a
part of it now.
The admin pages are a big part of our wiki because they need to be of
sufficient calibre to intercept issues before they arise through policy.
 This saves high-activity editors who do have a real dependance on the wiki
a lot of time in writing emergent policy one-offs for each case.  I do not
intend to be dealing with policy over email, or even discussing much of this
type of thing in email at all, for the most part.  I am taking the time now
to write this because I do hope that folks will see my own transparency in

@_date: 2010-08-04 11:06:39
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
I've outlined somethings for the board and a committee at:
I've been pretty taken with the idea that there ought be a "membership
program" for the foundation that cultivates folks who want to serve on the
committee and who then might be members of the board.

@_date: 2010-08-04 19:22:23
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Amazon created the workforce online market 
It's been an interesting thing, mechanical turk.
 tried to make up the gap, but, IMHO,
from a P2P perspective their model was broken from the start because there
is no commons to speak of.
If mechanical turk was a netarchical capitalist automation dream, then
Ki-Work was just one abstraction layer below it, with a group of people
running the market instead of 'just' policy.

@_date: 2010-08-04 23:19:08
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New laws in Michigan 
Oregon didnt, and california doesn't allow food preparation but does have
that significant dairy law.
I worked on a farm in Oregon where we helped to fund a lightweigh mobile FDA
lab for examining beef from small farms.  That way small farms could sell
quartered cows (unbutchered  meat) to groups who cooperated to have it
butchered themselves.

@_date: 2010-08-05 19:27:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In Defense of Worker Ownership 
I see what you are getting at.  I think that your take on it could make
things simpler.  No more stakeholders except users and everyone is a user
all the time for everything.  Period.
Something like that?

@_date: 2010-08-05 19:50:25
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] kevin's new book 
Since it wasn't really localized, ever, in America, really, in comparison to
Europe's "base" in small cities with many centuries of local development,
it's even funnier to hear about something being renewed that wasn't quite
right to begin with.
On Thu, Aug 5, 2010 at 7:48 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-08-05 20:19:46
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] very important debate on the ethics of free 
I did not get anything from this article worth mentioning.

@_date: 2010-08-06 18:09:21
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Are citizens really ready for open government? 
"Open Data work only if many more citizens are both willing and able to
process numbers than it is the case today"
I think that's true for written words, too.  I was talking over the process
of editing a 20 page policy with a fellow developer today.  How much text
does a participant have to read to make changes that can be adopted by
another 10000 users/voters?  Lots of discussion, lots of reading, lots of
The tool we are working on, Votorola, is great, and at a certain scale there
are still opportunities to help users come together and create something
that works for each of them.

@_date: 2010-08-07 10:54:37
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I think you might want to read Benkler, again?  Most of this is outlined
I would say that the reference article is a bit inflammatory and publicity
seeking, as a sort of "wouldn't you look silly if you thought networks were
cool and safe" kind of way.

@_date: 2010-08-07 13:26:55
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
Fanciful, Michel, how you can ascribe gigantic swaths of multi-agent
continental history to "petty" motivations.  I can only assume this is
another reason you don't live here in lovely, wonderful, sweet
smelling Europe.
It's gay pride day in Amsterdam, today.  A bit rainy,but that won't
stop the million or more visitors.  Is that a "petty" thing, to enjoy
a parade?

@_date: 2010-08-08 09:52:26
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P-F FTA MOU, fyi 
It would be a shame to fail to engage peer production to make such a  So many courses and tools slready exhist that you mean that this is  the first from FTA.
I had a chance to sit with James when he signed it and learn some from  Hopefully you won't play this too close to the hip Michel.  From what  I hear there are lots of places learning and collaboration in the  On Aug 8, 2010, at 7:28 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-08 10:18:00
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open business model resources 
More detailed information about a general open capital approach is  available on the wiki too.  Specifically for the UK and Europe.
On Aug 8, 2010, at 8:40 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-08 15:52:18
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P-F FTA MOU, fyi 
I see your point and would add that my concern is that the process of
developing the course is what the Free Knowledge Institute and the
SELF project have to offer.  This is their form of  Peer Production,
and I would encourage you to continue to pay attention to sharing that
process with others in the community.  As you and I are close to the
operations it is easy to overlook the fact that every primer on how to
write within a community is a course on peer production, and that this
partnership can be handled in a way that benefits both organizations
and their members in the manner of learning and sharing process.  This
is interesting because the foundation's members can benefit directly
instead of indirectly through you and your reputation.
I mentioned my interest in learning about the FKI's process when I met
Hinde, and mentioned to her that I would discuss it with you, so
that's what I'm doing.

@_date: 2010-08-08 16:15:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
It's just wiki markup.  Let me know when you run into a hiccup.
Broadcasting to this list won't get me to respond. I don't copy off
wikipedia for no reason.  Check out the current inspiration for
Michel's comment here.

@_date: 2010-08-08 16:18:46
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P-F FTA MOU, fyi 
Perhaps it is only open to PhDs, then?  As opposed to "the public"?

@_date: 2010-08-09 14:32:40
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
Breakthrough from the early 1800s!
Thomas Hodgskin (b. 12 December 1787 Chatham, Kent, d. - 21 August
1869 Feltham, Middlesex) was an English socialist writer on political
economy, critic of capitalism, free-market anarchist[1] and defender
of free trade and early trade unions.
Born of a father who worked in the Chatham Naval Dockyard, Hodgskin
joined the navy at the age of 12. He rose rapidly through the ranks in
the years of naval struggle with the French to the rank of first
lieutenant. Following the naval defeat of the French the opportunities
for advancement closed and Hodgskin increasingly ran into disciplinary
trouble with his superiors, eventually leading to his court martial
and dismissal in 1812. This prompted his first book An Essay on Naval
Discipline (1813) a scathing critique of the brutal authoritarian
regime then current in the navy.
Entering Edinburgh University for study he later came to London in
1815 and entered the utilitarian circle around Francis Place, Jeremy
Bentham and James Mill. With their support he spent the next five
years in a programme of travel and study around Europe which resulted,
inter alia, in a second book "Travels in North Germany" (1820).
After 3 years in Edinburgh, Hodgskin returned to London in 1823 as a
journalist. Influenced by, amongst others, Jean Baptiste Say, his
views on political economy had diverged from the utilitarian orthodoxy
of David Ricardo and James Mill. During the controversy around the
parliamentary acts to first legalise and then ban worker's
"combinations" Mill and Ricardo had been in favour of the ban whereas
Hodgskin supported the right to organise. Taking Ricardo's labour
theory of value he used it to denounce the appropriation of the most
part of value produced by the labour of industrial workers as
illegitimate. He propounded these views in a series of lectures at the
London Mechanics Institute where he debated with William Thompson with
whom he shared the critique of capitalist expropriation but not the
proposed remedy. The results of these lectures and debates he
published as "Labour Defended against the Claims of Capital" (1825),
"Popular Political Economy" (1827) and "Natural and Artificial Right
of Property Contrasted" (1832). The title of "Labour Defended" was a
jibe at James Mill's earlier "Commerce Defended" and signalled his
opposition to the latters taking sides with the capitalists against
their employees.
Though his criticism of Employers appropriation of the lion's share of
the value produced by their employees went on to influence subsequent
generations of socialists, including Karl Marx, Hodgskin's fundamental
Deist beliefs identified production and exchange based on the labour
theory of value (freed from the supposedly illegitimate expropriations
of rent, interest and owner's profits) as part of "natural right", the
divinely ordained proper relations of society contrasted to
"artificial" contrivances ? the source of disharmonies and conflicts.
He rejected the proto-communism of William Thompson and Robert Owen by
the same appeal to "natural right".
In 1823 Hodgskin joined forces with Joseph Clinton Robinson in
founding the "Mechanics Magazine". In the October 1823 edition
Hodgskin and Francis Place wrote a manifesto for a Mechanics
Institute. This would be more than a technical school but a place
where practical studies could be combined with practical reflection
about the condition of society. The inaugural meeting to found the
Institute took place in 1823 but the idea was taken over by people of
less radical views concerned about Hodgskin's unorthodox economic
views including George Birkbeck a well known educator from Glasgow.
Despite his high profile in the agitated revolutionary times of the
1820s, he retreated into the realm of Whig journalism after the Reform
Act 1832. He became an advocate of free trade and spent 15 years
writing for The Economist. He worked on the paper with its founder
James Wilson and with the young Herbert Spencer. Hodgskin viewed the
demise of the Corn Laws as the first step to the downfall of
government and his libertarian anarchism was regarded as too radical
by many of the liberals of the Anti-Corn Law League. He left the
Economist in 1857. He continued working as a journalist for the rest
of his life.

@_date: 2010-08-09 15:04:25
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I would say that personal freedom is very important in Europe.  Same
with happiness.
Possession has superseded ownership in many areas.
There's lots to read on the subject.  There is a reason the Commons
Conference is in Germany.  It's not easy to do such a thing in
Commons are about individual access, too.

@_date: 2010-08-09 15:35:56
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
There are so many "always" and "I"s in here I don't know what to say.

@_date: 2010-08-09 16:25:58
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
I am not dismissive of Michel's attempts to chat, but I do feel
marginalized by his refusal to contact me directly.  I am happy to
collaborate on solutions.  I put in 25 hours a week writing on this
wiki and patrolling spammers etc.  All work is related, at the moment
and based on an agreement with Michel about how to follow through with
an open workers cooperative that welcomes all of the p2p research
community to join together in commons based endeavors.  I refuse to be
treated or spoken of like some unresponsive miscreant without
complaint.  It is rude and does not brook any respect with me.

@_date: 2010-08-09 17:56:04
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Feel free to defend him.  I tend to create policy on the wiki that
others can read.  I tend to create the policies by using what Michel
has stated to me was useful in the past.  Then I send out links for
him and everyone else to read and change.  If you feel like it perhaps
you could move in that direction as well so that there is something to
look at besides Michel's hearsay.  What he has told me of how the wiki
'is' has been added to articles I created in several categories
including help, operations, and administration.  You and anyone else
can now traverse these documents easily from:
I do not dismiss Michel's concerns.  He was putting words in my mouth
when he quoted me.  His quote might give you the impression that I
dismiss his concerns or that I don't alter my behavior in order to
show consideration for his approach and needs.  His is a cry for help,
but it has negative consequences for me.  He broadcasts policy to this
list that is not written anywhere else.  I go and put it into the wiki
and follow it when I do the kinds of activities he does on the wiki.
I call him on Skype to understand what he is getting at so I can help
to put it in place.  I do this as a community member and collaborator.
I would gladly participate in any other productive way to help in the
creation of documents and process that preserve Michel's ability to
edit the wiki in a way that he has traditionally been comfortable
with.  That's why I'm writing back now to the public list, sharing the
documents I have created.
Michel recently removed quite a bit of editing work on a page he did
not create.  Perhaps you could start there, Sam.  There was no complex
formatting...simply wiki sections.  You can jump to his defense, and
it would be nice to have the participation of the community in a
structural solution that leads to others being able to use the wiki
alongside Michel.  I look forward to more action and discussion on
that subject.  If a policy about how we format things for the wiki
comes up perhaps Michel will be open to learning how to add links to
categories or how we editors can use sections within an article that
discusses a certain topic like state capitalism.
This wiki can function very well with simply pasted in content
organized as Michel has done.  If ever a solution like RDF or some
other such thing was implemented, though, it requires some form of
code.  Mediawiki is the most popular wiki on the internet.  If I add
complex code to a page to make it more useful, and it does not prevent
Michel from editing the source of information displayed on the page,
this discrete  action should not be a violation of the "code" but a
simple negotiation that does not need to be done on this list.  I am
all for a public forum for hashing out policy, and even conflicts.
Michel's late diatribes are unfair and inflammatory.  A public
discussion doesn't need these invectives.  We can handle all sorts of
business, and you will probably do it without some of the community
because they, like me, won't let pass such abuse on a regular basis
and still participate.
The community can mediate any conflict as far as I'm concerned.  I'm
good with that.  I meant, though, to be clear, that if Michel would
like help with something on the wiki that I, as a community member, am
here to help, and that I would like the opportunity to help before he
decides he needs to drag my name through the mud on the list.  If he
wants help from the community, great, and he still might notice he
doesn't need to drag my name through the mud.
If Michel thinks that this is the way to do things, then perhaps the
community would like to comment on that as well?    Or are we all
allies to such an extent that this sort of critique is not necessary?
We can say whatever we like about anyone any time?
I appreciate the way you phrased your responses Sam.  I don't sense
any licentiousness in your tone and I appreciate that very much.  I
invite you to join in the edits on the wiki.  Michel looks to you for
guidance in this.  Your work on Community Wiki's decision making
policies and such was a great effort.  The P2P Foundation's wiki is a
community resource, and the community of decision makers appears to
include you, James, and Michel.  I look forward to hearing more about
how this might change in the future.

@_date: 2010-08-09 19:22:05
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Oh Loyal and Stalwart Defender of Michel Samule Rose, I do find your
contributions helpful.
I like the process and hope we can get a bot soon.  I have am stymied
with the Python.

@_date: 2010-08-09 19:33:40
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Who am I to argue with the board?  I have no rights here; merely
offerings and requests.

@_date: 2010-08-10 08:42:48
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
Patrick's understanding of profit is rather nuanced.  Patrick I
applaud your efforts at creating stories and analogies that help us
all to understand the nuances that you have discovered.
I am under the impression that many folks would agree that it would be
really neat if all the planet, all the material resources, were a part
of a single unified commons where every human (and perhaps even all
sentient) beings was considered a stakeholder.  This would mean, at
the very least, that each stakeholder would have a say in things.
If this was the case, this would be a window into a situation where
all users where owners.
of inquiry where we were looking at what the reasons were for worker's
and owner/users(hereafter owners) to set themselves up as separate
stakeholder groups.
The obvious answer is not so obvious.  It's a complex diagram already
with at least 3 perspectives - owners, workers, and a commons of some
sort that contains productive resources.
If you add multiple currency commons on top of this, it gets more
complicated yet.  For example, sovereign currency and "asset backed"
currency like "milk units" or something.
One rationale for workers and owners to have separate groups is:
They want different things.
Workers want ... more milk, and owners want less.
Workers want one currency type and owners want another different type.
The recent discussion about protocol and networks that was blogged
about brought up some of the reasons why, for me, P2P is a great set
of tools and understandings for picking apart this set of
That said, the "solution," if there is such a thing, might include
quite a bit of diligence and definition.
For example, if consumers own a common resource, under what agreement
could they simultaneously operate as common equal-share
equal-authority governors, and yet still individually derive differing
amounts of asset-based value units from the same common pool?  If this
was possible it would mean that each owner can somehow make a play to
gather more asset-backed value units from the operation than another
owner.    Let's call this asymmetric gain, for short.  Because the
attempt to derive asymmetric gain is subject to the common-governance
of the equal-share equal-authority owners group, let's say, for short,
that the means by which co-owners decide the rules by which asymmetric
gain is derived is called the owner protocol.
So, to restate, what is the text of the owner protocol that would
allow an owner to derive asymmetric gain?
If you can answer this, then what is the reason for adding an
additional stakeholder group for workers to the mix?
The short "solution" (is it incomplete?) might be:
Owners and workers operate as common equal-share equal-authority
governors under owner protocol.   An owner wishing to derive
asymmetric gain is subject to owner protocol.  Additionally, workers
who wish to engage in the trade of asset-backed value units may do so
subject to owner protocol in as much as they wish to derive gain or
asymmetric gain from the common resource in order to trade the
asset-backed value units for other, different, asset-backed value
units.  Once in possession of asset-backed value units owners may
trade these as they wish.
The difference is that workers are not always interested in the direct
asset-backed value units that are produced by a certain resource.  In
some cases workers are interested in the trading value of the
asset-backed value units, or the use of units as leverage.  All
workers have needs, and some workers have skills that are necessary
for the operation of many different forms of common resources.  All
owners have needs, and from the perspective of a global commons they
have a stakeholder interest in all productive assets.
Our current economy puts us in the poorly defined middle ground most
of the time.  We use sovereign currency units to trade value between
small owner-stakeholder groups.

@_date: 2010-08-10 09:23:25
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
For clarification purposes, all edits to the State Capitalism page
were performed by me.
I reverted all of Michel's changes.  You can review the history here:
I wish that there were more red links, but I will find time to add the
pages when I get a chance.  I just wish there were more red links so
others could see them as pointers so they would feel free and invited
to add them, too.  Patrick noticed them immediately and added a
definition.  That's what I'm talking about.  he and I regularly add to
the recent changes and interlink pages.
I do not intend to redo all the pages on the wiki with this
formatting, but I do intend to do this and more for important articles
that serve the purpose of supporting materials that are used in the
"Commons Based Peer Production" definitional framework.  The local
name for this is the "P2P Collaboration Stack" (P2PStack), a resource
collection of tools, methods, and protocol to aid individuals and
groups in using a Commons-Based Peer Production approach.  The
educational approach fo the curriculum and resource is
action-research.  Users are contributors on the wiki and regularly
update wiki pages with research and findings for review by the peer
This is the first public course in Commons-Based Peer Production, and
it draws on material from the P2P Foundation Wiki heavily.  Users of
the P2P Stack are going to be moving back and forth between a lot of
sites.  Their needs are mixed between adding pasted definitions that
meet with historical usage on the wiki as well as crafting nuanced
additions that wouldn't be possible in the same pages on Wikipedia.
Not only this, but there are structured sections to be added that
explicitly declare P2P perspectives on the term/article/subject under
scrutiny.  Clean pages with clear markup and easily replicated
templates are important for this endeavor.  The articles are more
complex than the traditional paste job, and contain different
perspectives within different sections.  Users want their pages to
look professional as they are sharing them with outside organizations,
where users are familiar with wikipedia formatting.  The outside users
compare our site to other informational sites and the articles are
formatted to allay their expectations with documents that they can
easily traverse with a sensible information flow.
I can understand that the use of =,==,===, and ==== headings could be
seen as additional complexity, but structured documents with external
links and inline citations using the cite extension make for a
pleasant reading experience.  It's professional looking, and allows
other editors to easily insert what they need into the page by using
additional sections.  Those editors are allowed to use any citation
format they like, but I encourage them to use the cite extension
because it is easy and creates a professional looking page they can be
proud to share.  It is more like MLA formatting than the historical
option of inline URLs and allows the re-use of a reference without
retyping it or cluttering the body of the page.
Because there are so few editors on the wiki it is important that
there be an agreement about how to use things, yes, and controlling
the formatting for every page would seem to be a losing battle as long
as new editors come in.  New editors will always make mistakes.  In
most cases these are not disastrous.  If they are on an important
subject, we fix them, and educate where possible.  Using wanted pages
is great.  Wanted categories, anyone?
Delete or add to another category as subcategory, please!

@_date: 2010-08-10 09:34:39
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
Smari shared some interesting insights with me the other day, a sort
of treatise on empire as a mathematical construct.  Here is an example
of a partial extension.
No matter what else is happening, the deepest and widest commons is
always the most inclusive.  It rejects nothing.  At all.  It also has
no externalities from this perspective.
Every system can attempt to approach this, and the closer a system
gets the more alike it is to others that reach for the same goal.
Many systems lose all structural historical identification with their
origin through the process of ever widening embrace.
P2P is very much like a set of cellular automata that is present all
the way up the value chain.  P2P is not necessarily ambiguous or
ideological, and some would say that a non-ideological P2P, or a more
ambiguous and more inclusive P2P is no P2P at all.
Jaap would do well to read some Ken Wilber as his description is very
close to the complexity systems proposed there, and that work informs
my own work in complexity, too.  I don't say Wilber's work is
definitive.  I do say that the issue is to match based on complexity
of operations, and that little else is of sufficient import to require
technical implementation or even documentation.

@_date: 2010-08-10 10:33:03
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: important message to all p2p foundation 
This thread is a public discussion.  Sam Rose made some good points
that wiki formatting and collaboration between editors makes for a
good discussion and I agree.
All of the direction and substance of my current efforts is open to
discussion.  I hope this is true for other authors and historical
conventions, too, but I don't mean to say I have the right to decide
anything for anyone.
I make statements about the P2PStack and the P2PCC because that is how
they are, right now, but this is not meant to imply that they cannot
be changed.
I did my best to understand Michel's organization before I started,
and iterated from there.  I may have made some mistakes along the way
and these should be corrected.
My attempts are, generally, additive, and non-destructive.  In places
where this is not the case I hope that calm discussion can aid us in
discovering what corrections can be done.
For the purposes of discussion it might be helpful to simply consider
everything "just a wiki page" to start with, and to then look at how
the concept diverges from that point.  Regardless of how we do it, I
hope we can discover together what is important about the wiki and
what can be done to make those important things accessible and useful
to the folks who rely on them.  I have fears about this process
hinging on one person's unwillingness to participate, a fear that I
see Michel expressing in his own way.  I hope that as we examine the
wiki together that we can all find a willingness to discover and
On Tue, Aug 10, 2010 at 10:03 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-10 11:54:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I've been listening to the Dmitry Orlov talk from LongNow.
I would say, from my listening, that Dmitry's comparison of the
structure of the collapses between the US and the USSR places useful
emphasis on the resilience of the USSR production systems.
The USSR systems were more directly in the hands of users.  Systems
that were in the hands/control of workers/owners that relied on the
abstracted use-value were more subject to the super-system
failure(currency, oil, etc).   These systems held in this fashion
sometimes went unproductive or were poorly maintained.
The USA systems are not, primarily, in the hands of users.
This could be interpreted to mean that from a long term perspective
workers claims are less important if their use value is for
abstraction or trade, something they could do under the class of
owner/user.  Workers might exploit the production operation to the
detriment of user/owners with direct needs.
Losing access to food, shelter, and transportation were the examples
he made.  How could workers sabotage the provisioning of these
production systems through abstraction?  One way is to demolish the
systems and become capitalists who invest in China or other non-local
systems.  Failing to source parts or manufacture locally would be
another way.  Using oil to build remote production systems that rely
on heavy oil-based transport would be another.

@_date: 2010-08-10 13:09:50
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I would say your interpretation rewords mine.  The social safety net
is the direct access of owner/users to productive capital.

@_date: 2010-08-10 13:32:16
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
What do you mean by mutualized assistance?  Do you mean organizations
of people helping other people?
I don't think having direct access to an LK machine will turn
everybody into opthamologists, so, yes, people need access to
information and expertise.  That's what P2P is all about, if it's all
about anything, to me.
What do you mean by social safety net, then?  What other buzzwords
describe the way a networked society organizes and deals with a
post-collapse situation, so that we could learn to do it now instead
of later?
I agree about the disappropriation.  If people have access in the
first place they are much better off should the abstracted
super-system fall apart.  Analysis of city grids to highlight
potential failure points in delivery of services due to shortage of
oil supply would likely highlight patterns that could also be
identified by looking at the greatest pollution production for the
same city grid.

@_date: 2010-08-10 17:19:35
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
I installed  FCKeditor a while ago.  It's in a link at the top of
every edit page when you are logged in.  Makes formatting really easy.
 It displays it all as rendered output, unlike the Wikipedia one and
even (usefully) hides parser tags while allowing easy editing of them.
I try to make things easy for people.  Only took me the time to learn
how to install it and edit the configuration.  I had to learn a bit,
but I thought it would make life easier for editors who aren't
familiar with parser extensions or complex formatting.  Just one of
those things a volunteer helper can do, you know?

@_date: 2010-08-10 18:28:21
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Perhaps someone will submit that change to the Wiki team for review?

@_date: 2010-08-10 18:30:26
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Channels - Peer Production Channel Beta 
Believe it or not you can have too much information about Peer Production.
Try out the new Peer Production Channel:
Now you can PRE-Filter your P2P News.  Unbelievable.
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2010-08-10 19:32:27
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Whoever "we" is probably considers me a "they."  That's what I'm used
to anyways.
Other than that I have no idea.  Does that mean I'm "we" or "they"?

@_date: 2010-08-10 19:42:38
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Channels - Peer Production Channel Beta 
And now an integrated, automated Channel for Agriculture and Food, just for Sam.

@_date: 2010-08-11 21:36:04
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
The personal letter that triggered Michel.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
No Michel,
You used conditionals in what you said as it stood for the OUTCOME of the
work.  You are using your power to deny approval and you are insensitive to
your use of that power.  It is irresponsible for on your part and a betrayal
of the relationship as peers working towards a solution together.
You are not very sensitive to your own use of power in the community.  You
use your historical work to justify yourself as the expert and put yourself
in the position of holding the one (of Very few) positions to Veto.  You
also hold official office and regularly confuse the two, even though they
are not the same thing.
There are many situations in which you abuse your power.  Some of them can
be looked over because they are shortcomings of language.  Perhaps you are
not so conversant in the language of power.  Perhaps your naivete is a
passable short term excuse for your poor execution.  This is not a long term
solution, though, as you are a holder of office, and the abuse of power
while sitting in the position of governing a community asset is not
appropriate, don't you agree?
Some of your abuses are definitely your own way of exerting authority as a
"voice" for whatever, backed up by your power.  This is the case with your
My critique of your use of conditionals in your
nothing to do with praise.  You are good at giving praise.  You need to be
an excellent purveyor of praise because your success is so reliant on the
works of others as you described your "opportunistic updating"
Praise , however, has very little do
to with the actual exercise of power in a relationship.  Praise can make
things run smoothly.
Praise has nothing to do with the formal definition of approval, which is a
function of power.  It is that power which you wield in the statement below
that I am commenting on.
Approval  is about exerting
authority and denying forward motion.  Withholding approval is power.  There
are two things about the withholding of approval that you do regularly that
are an excellent example of the easy abuse of this power.
First, you would convey that you do not fully approve of the solution I
This in itself is an exercise of your power.  You are deeming it, the work,
unworthy for some purpose that you do not declare.  You offer no recourse.
 You do this in a public place.
Second, you would tell me that, once I point this out to you, that you think
I'm OK as a person (praise), even though I am mis-interpreting (wrong)  your
remark.  You offer that I am not seeing things clearly.  That I am, what,
This second is a very difficult type of situation.  You use it quite a bit
more regularly in your conversations where you are guarding your authority.
 This withholding of approval, combined with the withholding of information
from the first example, makes conversations with you very difficult, and
makes collaboration impossible.
In the past you have sabotaged several agreements between us by the abuse of
power.  You are a leader of a purportedly public service organization ought
to be very careful about how you use power, don't you think?
When you withhold approval, you are saying that you have the authority to
stop it.
When you withhold information about what needs to be done so that the work
can meet your approval, you stop all forward progress.  No progress can be
made because no one knows what will meet your approval.  You might say
people can try again, but then of course they would need to ask for your
approval again.  Wouldn't you say their chances are better if they knew what
they were shooting for?  What is a "super editorial format"?  Is that what
it looks like when you can do 45 times as much writing in one day?  Or when
the tools are transparent?  How can anyone help make that happen?
You are actively disabling collaboration with this abuse of power.
So, building on this, you regularly say that even if someone does understand
how to meet your approval in one case, it is irrelevant because this still
doesn't meet with your approval because your concerns,in fact, lie in a
different direction entirely.  A direction which you say no one really
understands because no one listens to you.  Even if they do, there is no way
they could express or fully understand your concern.  You are very careful
not to write it down, or to approve any documents that do state these
concerns because the alleviation of concerns means that your power is
diminished and they may be able to build another solution besides the one
you think is appropriate.
A good example of changing the topic was in a recent
you said:
I want to hear that the other party understands that imposing this
direction further is not the way to go, to accept that there are other
people with different views who want to defend the nottingham forest
for further development, or to use another analogy, some natives just
prefer the oil stays in the ground, no matter how much of an other
kind of value it constructs for other people with a different logic
If this is what you want, then how do I do this?
You are asking me to do what, exatly?
I have read the  several
times.  This is not mentioned there.  If you think this is important,
don't you think that writing it there would be a good thing?  Wouldn't
that be good faith in participating in the process?
Again, you are abusing your power here.  You are saying, effectively,
that not only did I not "understand" you but that I do not "accept
that there are other people with different views" who want different
Do you not think this is a bit..manipulative?  That you are explicitly
"not approving" whatever I have done to show mutual understanding in
this regard?  Do you really think there is any other way to interpret
this from my perspective?  Do you not think, then, that it might be
reasonable for others to hear your meaning as I hear it?  That you do
not approve?  This is your use of power. It is not a stretch.
I do not need nor seek your praise.  I do not even need you at all, in
general.  I am here to work with you because of who you are and what
you do and what you are attracting because we have 99% commonality.
But you seem to think that the 1% is something that should be enough
for you to continually crap on me with your disapproval to the entire
public list.
Use the process.  Keep your complaints clearly outlined on the page.
That is what the process is for.
I certainly cannot save you from yourself, but, as I said before, my
wish is that the institution is preserved.  If you could step down off
your high horse for awhile you might find that acting like a user,
like me, would be helpful to you.  You might see this process as the
only way you can get anything you want.  That's how I feel.  That
would be an appropriate thing for you to feel, too, I think.  It would
help me to see that you think that there's some way of going about
things that using your authority won't get you.  I could care less
about your authority.  Really.  That's not why I engage the process.
I also don't care if you listen to my critique with open ears.  You
are not the kind of person I work with daily.  You are too irritable
and none-to civil when it comes to addressing grievances.  You are not
the person to set wiki poilicy in my eyes or perform any sort of
mediation services.  Your inability to curb your behavior when you are
raging shows me that you are not qualified to sit in a high traffic
position that deals with the public.  I have done this before.  You
piss me off, and you do it by abusing your authority and not
considering yourself a peer.  It is terrible behavior for someone who
is running a foundation that claims to encourage peer-to-peer
behavior.  You can bet I will vote you off the board as soon as I get
a chance, but in the mean time you would do very well to keep this
kind of thing under wraps.  It doesn't actually help you.  Some people
are attracted to this kind of power but it is 2 value systems back.
Your use of it jus shows that you have failed to adapt to the current
demands of a high traffic administrative position.  It is nothing to
be ashamed of, but, seriously, you can't expect people to praise you
for it or to approve of it for long.  To let you write all policy for
a community resource would almost insure tha no one participated in
the maintenance of the thing.  At the very least their participation
is based on their personal relationship with you and their peripheral
use of the resource as they are not makers or maintainers.  You build
a bubble around yourself with no one in it.  You have to appeal to a
team and convince them of your worth all the time, cry about how much
traffic the wiki gets and remind people how great it is.  You have to
do this because they are not inside taking ownership with you.  Your
behavior insures that people can't get inside without dealing with all
your antiquated reactive behaviors.  Your abuse of power causes
needless headaches and confusion when it comes time to look for
solutions.  Your inability to act as a user, like a peer like everyone
else, puts you on the high horse and makes it equally difficult for
you to QUIT using power language.  It starts to seem, I'm sure, like
you said before, that if you DON't use and abuse your reactive power
no one listens.  They don't listen.  You drove them all away.  Your
behaviors tend to do that, and especially your use of power.
If you want real power in a community you have to realize it comes
from other people.  You act for others because they LET you do that,
through their approval system.  Whatever power you have now is vapor
because you don't really have that much support to depend on.  James,
Sam, Kasper and myself are your tech team. How long before the tech
shit hits the fan?  How long do you want to be crying out for help
with no one really caring?  Wouldn't it be nicer to act like a peer?
To say something like:
This wiki is amazing.  I have been using it for hours every day for
years.  I hope that everyone who uses it has as much fun as I do with
it.  If you like this wiki then I hope you will consider joining the
P2P Foundation.  As a community of "maker members" we work together
and vote on the changes and policy that drive the whole community.
It's a fun place to be because we are all working together to keep
this community resource going."
When was the last time you said something like that, Michel?  Guess
how many times I said something like that this week.  You want to
guess?  It might freak you out how many times I did.  I am a "maker
member" of more communities than you have close friends.
I want to do my documentation here.  P2P uses network theory.  I am in
this to be able to make that statement.  To insure that some ass like
you can't fuck everything up every couple days.  You can make all the
noise you want.  What concerns me is that you have power.  I would
seek to move any of that power out to a wider group.  Your use is too
often abuse.
The next time you say something nasty about me, think about what I
wrote here just before you hit send.  Go back and edit that email.
Take all your accusations out of it.  Go back again.  Take all the
names out of it.  Go back again and look at what you are saying about
what you want to happen.  Own it.  Claim that vision as your wish.  Go
back again.  Did you ask for help?  Try that.  See if you can figure
out how to invite others into your vision.  Make it explicit, like my
invitation above.  Go back again.  Is this something you would write
on the wiki?  Go back again and edit it into something you would write
on the wiki with your name on it.  Is it related to official process
for the foundation?  Which process.  How would this be handled in that
process?  Make a reference to that process.  Go back to your email and
figure out why someone would be interested in you vision.  Make that
point.  Go back again and ask yourself, am I being clear in inviting
them into that process?
The next time you write an email, think about this.  You will want to
because you know I will happily publish this email on the wiki.
I want to give you some praise.  To your credit you do reference
process. Now perhaps you would like to tell the world that you approve of the
process and that you submit to it.  Otherwise you are no better than
you accuse me of being.  You would also be using projection bias
 which is
another poor quality for a leader, someone trusted with power over a
communities access to a common resource.  This is something I really
wish you would work on, which is why I spent an hour just now trying
to point it out for you.  If you want to stay in leadership this is an
important thing to work on.
On Wed, Aug 11, 2010 at 7:27 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-11 23:07:32
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
Perhaps folks would read my email before beleiving Michel at his  interpretation.  It's a lot to ask, I know.
I think Michel does great work.  I work here to complement the work of  all the users before me.  As a user I asked Michel to consider himself  a user to experience that (my) perspective.
I don't think he writes good policy or that  he's skilled as a  community mediator but the board is the only group with any power in  these areas, therefore it doesn't seem to me he ought be on it.  This  is a political opinion, and a considered on.
Perhaps when a user agreement is crafted the situation will be  different and users will have a say in governance.  This would be a  different situation entirely, no?  Perhaps users with political views  on the foundation won't be discrimated against, as part of that

@_date: 2010-08-12 14:30:22
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Compromise? Submission to Process = Temporary Peace? 
Let's step into process and quit broadcasting, hey?  Who like process!?  I
do I do!
Michel's complaints:
   1. Tech in the wiki is crazy dangerous and should be moderated
   2. Alex is a wild editor and can't be controlled
   3. Alex is a revolutionary trying to kick Michel out of his cottage
   industry
Alex's Response:
   1. Alex will gladly remove all crazy tech and submit to a review process
   that keeps Michel's needs in mind and makes reasonable demands on each
   person
   2. Alex has already stopped editing Michel's create(d) pages, and stopped
   any destructive edits weeks ago.  Ask Michel to point new ones out, if you
   don't believe me.
   3. Alex thinks Michel is a bad front guy, and that a user conflict
   resolution policy and a code of conduct for the board are appropriate.  Alex
   has no formal or structural power right now, though, and would ask others to
   look at that as the primary issue.  A conflict resolution process to which
   Michel would be willing to submit is my actual goal.
Without process organizations die.  Let's make some process and prevent
Michel from drumming out every loudmouth talented brat.
Everyone ought to take a look at the process that Michel, James, and Alex
all agreed to.
Keep in mind that Michel agrees it's a good process, but refuses to submit
to it now.  He just told me on chat that his reason for non-cooperation is
 above.
What do you think about that?

@_date: 2010-08-12 14:57:25
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Compromise? Submission to Process = Temporary 
Does that soind like he is submitting to process?
Do you submit Michel?
No changes are being made to the wiki install.  I can't know fully  what your deman is but I rexommend you dorward it to "process man"  James and I agree by whatever he says.
Do you submit?
On Aug 12, 2010, at 2:48 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-12 15:19:15
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Compromise? Submission to Process = Temporary 
Forgive me for not being clear.
I meant to ask:
Will you submit to the process that you and James agreed to for conflict
mediation on the page:
The process would be moderated by James or someone else you agree to.  Not
me.  But that's all in the process you agreed to already.
I don't need you to step down from the board for this to work.  I just need
someone besides you, on the board or in power, to be involved in policy.  As
a user I need that.  Other users need that too, I think.  That's why sites
that are community sites have conflict resolution policies and procedures.
 Because a community needs them.

@_date: 2010-08-12 15:42:42
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Compromise? Submission to Process = Temporary 
Your proposal does not meet my needs for user rights.
I think it's important to have a process to agree on changes like that.
You are making all the decisions and don't have to listen to me at all.
I have already agreed to what you said before, and now you keep adding
conditions.  It will keep on like that and no structural reform will ever
happen unless you participate in it or it is done around you by the other
board members of the Foundation as listed in the original documents.

@_date: 2010-08-12 16:25:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] moratorium on conflict debate 
I object.  If asked I would say we have facility for process now and  need no voting before an attempt at modetated consenus was tried with  On Aug 12, 2010, at 4:12 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-15 14:21:05
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
Michel, the energy behind your threat is associated with my stated
intentions to expel you from the board.  I said in private that I want to
vote you off the board.  I don't see a problem with this intention.  This is
how democracy works.
To me, this is about democracy, and this is good.  Voting for and against a
position or for a representative is a good thing.
Maybe this is the subject we should talk about?
If this was a democracy I would vote you off.
I say I have a right to critique your use of authority and the decisions you
I want users to have rights.  I want users to be represented on the board.
I see democracy as an important part of a community.
I have a right to contact others. I have a right to learn from their
concerns and to share information with them.

@_date: 2010-08-15 16:12:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
I am interested in the policy issues, and seek to address them as such.
James has overseen my compliance on the wiki.
I look forward to further discussion of policy.  I have made my  recommendations for your and everyone's review available on the wiki.
On Aug 15, 2010, at 3:00 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-15 17:53:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
I don't know what came over me but I can see it was a mistake to get  in a fight here.  I apologize for my part in it.
On Aug 15, 2010, at 3:00 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-16 10:34:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] building a knowledge commons, 
I'll take one. I'd like to see what references he used.

@_date: 2010-08-16 12:26:27
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] building a knowledge commons, 
I couldn't open it either, yet.  Perhaps if someone could PDF it?
On Mon, Aug 16, 2010 at 12:15 PM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-08-16 17:37:25
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: australian thesis about commons 
Hello Jose,
I have a 15 year background in integral theory, a la Ken Wilber.  I've been
doing various action research projects for the last 10 years, each with a
different angle on the commons.
At the moment I am working on tools that facilitate individual governance of
community/common/common pool assets and resources.
You can see some of the recent progress on the P2P Foundation wiki at
That is an evolving worker's cooperative, specifically geared to supporting
individuals consulting in complex systems where assets are moving to a
commons.  The coop is like a temporary hom for folks doing this flavor of
I am writing back to you to let you know that I'd like to read your these
and perhaps compare some notes.  As  I look through your publications I am
certain that my current efforts and research could benefit from your
scrutiny, or at least I could be better informed of your work.
Thank you for enduring my email.  I hope you are having a great day!
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2010-08-16 19:48:02
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free Software Ning Replacement - Now! 
Hello all,
It's been a long time coming, this Ning thing, and lots was written and
discussed on the subject.
Inspired by Josef's wishes to enable the social site to continue on, and
pressed for time:
and the attached free software social networking site:
 (running the new "Drupal Commons" distribution
from Acquia)
The manifesto at  can be your own when you join up.
My hope is that you will consider it your own, as a gift.
I am happy to transfer the domain to someone and the hosting account that is
running it at a point in time when the group of users feels like doing
something different (like tomorrow, if you like :)
Thanks for checking it out and making an account.
If people like, we can transfer the user list from the Ning site, and I'll
gladly recreate some of the 100 posts from Ning in the next couple days.
I feel like, if there are people who feel strongly like I do, that there
could be an option to do something different now, and own it together, that
maybe folks will want to give it a try.
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2010-08-16 19:55:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free Software Ning Replacement - Now! 
That sounds reasonable to me;  there may be another solution we could look
I'd be happy to share information about the Drupal Common install.
Also, you can just try it out: If it doesn't meet expectations I'd love to know what could be done.

@_date: 2010-08-17 12:51:51
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ning migration 
It is true that BP does something.
Drupal is up and running and does it all, too.  I am working on the content migration for the Ning site now.
Anyone who would like to help is welcome.  Into wordpress/BP is the hard
part, so far.
I am using the tool that Boone built and have already emailed him for help
with my issue as well as posting on the project page at
If folks are interested they can email me and get a look-see at what's
If you saw what happened with Ning just now, you might ask yourself what
happens when you migrate from BP.  The answer is, generally, that there are
no tools to do so.
This is not the case with Drupal.
Even if you are going the BP route, feel free to contact me as I have some
pieces up and running and can help if you need it.

@_date: 2010-08-17 20:41:34
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Great Work on Fundraising! Woot! Migrate and Make It 
I wish this list could reach all the people who donated.  Excellent work
Fundraising and common pool resources are so key for voluntary groups; good
to know that people want to take part in keeping their community running.
Inspiring Stuff!
The migration of Ning content to  is complete.
All authors who had created content at Ning now have accounts at the new
You can retrieve your password with your Ning email address at

@_date: 2010-08-20 20:27:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
How about a reference next time?
This is exactly what I've been writing about in the 775 pages I've
altered on the wiki.

@_date: 2010-08-21 11:47:40
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I must have dreamed our conversations about the coop, the coop  directory, and the p2p foundation knowledge commons.  Ill need to get  more sleep.  Wouldnt want to influence your thinking!
Come on Michel, get real.
On Aug 21, 2010, at 11:08 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-21 12:28:35
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
You make it out to be a request for validation because you are so self-centered.
I say that I have actively been involved in conversation with you
about the very model you say you "invented" or whatever in that
I merely ask you to reference a body of work.  I do not sign most of
the pages, and don't ask for my name to be sited.
You are building on the shoulders of others, as you like to say.
Your wish to deny the conversations and their content shows your
misanthropic tendencies bubbling through.
I don't care if my name is on it.  It is an invitation to people to
engage the research.  That research is related to the furthering of
foundation activities, ostensibly.  You can do with that what you
like, of course.
Your actions are so touching, and telling.

@_date: 2010-08-21 13:11:33
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Luckily you are not an original thinker in toto either.
At any rate, the wiki project at  is an  exploration of the ideas covered in the article.
If your ego weren't so huge you could see this as a complementary  asset enabling readers to join in collaborative research.
Alas, it is up tp me to wade through your filth to tell them myself.
On Aug 21, 2010, at 12:44 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-21 13:14:42
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cultural Policy Should Support Organized Networks 
I'm not sure how quashing organizing efforts is in line with free  culture.  If there is an approach there is no policy.
On Aug 21, 2010, at 1:01 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-21 14:25:54
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Aug 21, 2010, at 12:09 PM, Michel Bauwens   This is filthy.  Making it out like I'm begging you for  acknowledgement.  This is dirty politic, nothing more.
As I explained, a pointer to a collaborative opportunity.  You will  know when I'm grovelling, I assure you.
If the work not useful, fine, but it is a collaborative praxis, and  not meant to be complete.  Your article
Seemed a good intro to what the coop is about and why the research  happens on the wiki.  Same stuff we talk about before.
Try A

@_date: 2010-08-21 22:37:50
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
You sound foolish.  No one is asking for credit.  The work on the wiki  is an invitation to research together.  It's nice you back each other  up even if it's a silly non-sequitor :)

@_date: 2010-02-08 11:23:28
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Wealth Prezi from Art Brock at New Currency 
Art Brock at New Currency Frontiers has published a new Prezi
Presentation: Art Brock: I enjoyed this presentation quite a bit.  I hope others will see the value
in the presentation's "transcend and include" approach, and perhaps
contribute pieces that Art can integrate to offer an even more complete
picture that others will find useful in communicating the ideas.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-02-08 11:31:10
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google News: China's hawks demand cold war on 
David Martin has a new post on China: Not all is as it seems, he says.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-02-22 16:01:30
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who is writing the P2P how to manuals for DIY 
I just started one today, how funny...mine is on a startup plan for a
Commons Based Business.
I am open to idea for how to format such a book as a collaborative writing
effort on the P2P Foundation wiki.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-02-25 23:59:21
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
It would seem to me that the discussion of boundaries presupposes a perfect
"Commons" which would have to be the ultimate 'all' of Universe or something
like that.
On that note, it doesn't seem too much a jump to say that a Commons is
always a 'system' of some kind.  If for no other reason than 'nothing is
static, given enough time,' every Commons must be replenished, perhaps used,
but in some way is always expended unless you are referring to Universe,
because otherwise something is always creeping from inside one boundary to
the inside of another.
For this reason, I would add that the term 'boundary conditions' would more
aptly be applied to the potentially arbitrary and hopefully conscientious
useful boundary put around a Commons, with the idea being to say "this is
this commons, with these supply chains, these distribution mechanics, these
replenishment vectors, and any number of potential users involved in
accepting the 'distributions' of the commons, whether that distribution is
of a nature that diminishes the Commons or not.
I have been struggling with a sort of 'exploratory view' of an operation
that works in tandem with a Commons, asking the question 'how does this
operation touch the Commons?'  The idea is to help people find useful
operations that they can undertake that work in league with the idea of
re-enclosing, creating, or generally growing the Commons with some
self-interest in mind.  Think bike fleets, housing, or food cultivation.
Following this, it seems that because a view of a Commons as a system is
useful, and because there are any number of processes happening within that
Commons, that the boundary conditions would refer specifically to the ...
endpoints ... the edges of relevance, on vectors or processes, with regards
to the Commons in question.
I understand where the idea for these conditions came from.  I think they
are much better called P2P operation conditions, and that they are
operational, normative guidelines for P2P operations, as opposed to a
definitive set of conditions for bounding a Commons, whether that Commons is
P2P or not.
The Commons definition/description page on the wiki seems to go at length in
an effort to walk around and nail down the general, global, if not
completely non-local idea of the Commons, and doesn't get into the sort of
detail we are discussing with regards to the 'qualities' of the operation of
a commons, from a P2P perspective or otherwise.
I am attempting to contextualize some criticism here, hopefully in a way
that will allow me to do something useful on the wiki with regards to this
information.  Where does it all go!
So, to 1. A P2P Commons attempts to maximize free, voluntary and open sharing of
assets that are engaged in the commons.
How about
"A Commons can be, and in some cases is, best managed using a P2P ethos and
principles.  See: Managing a Commons with P2P (link)
Since half the things you list are the specific P2P principles used in
application of the 'how' of Commons governance, I think they would go on
that page.  Some of what you are saying is about what a Commons IS.  I know
you are really into property rights and state enforcement on some level, so,
to say that somewhere in there would be helpful.  I think it's funny that
you say that a Commons is all these things, and yet there is no single state
institution that I am aware of that cannot be corrupted in some way shape or
form that insures perpetuity, so your definitions of what a Commons "IS"
make every Commons besides "Universe" not a Commons.  I'm not picking holes
in this so much as to say that I appreciate your attempts to offer a rather
large perspective on Commons, P2P, management, ownership, and a whole lot of
other things, and I think that teasing them apart would be helpful,
especially since you (and others) have put quite a bit into the principles
Wouldn't it be cool to have a page about the specifics of a Commons in a P2P
context?  I think the idea that there's a P2P context also pries apart the
idea of the Commons in some useful way that might help us be more specific,
brief, and clear on the Commons definition page, too!

@_date: 2010-02-26 14:27:46
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Am I missing any commons? 
I think it is a bit silly to say that any Commons can meet these criteria,
now or in the future.
That said, I am sure we have been over a great deal of this definition
territory before.
The question is, how explicit can the definition be?  The wide swaths cut by
Michel on this are not even applicable to the digital commons as Diego or
myself would be apt to point out.
This is a complicate intersection of a numer of factors, timescales,
operations, and general systems.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-02-26 23:32:22
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Am I missing any commons? 
I was just reading Stefan's critique of Franz presentation on 'pattern
languages' and I am reminded of the fuzziness of so much of our definitions
from another perspective.
Ryan, you mentioned, in some way, that the applicability of P2P is central,
and as I did a little background checking I was reminded that pattern
languages, by Christopher Alexander, are problem oriented, at least on the
design pattern side of things.
On the one hand, this is like the music man, looking around for a problem,
drumming up music about all sorts of decay, rallying the troops, and putting
up something new.  On the other we are attempting, together, on the list, to
... come up with patterns and structures ... that answer our issues and
problems from our past experience.  Of course lots of other things, too!
 And we need both and much more!
Anyways, I am working on the wiki for the last few days, and trying to find
a way to "play through" a set of pages that allow a new visitor to build
'context' around problems, and then to visit pages that offer pattern
solutions.  On the other hand, I am aware of several very common problems,
some of which have pages already and some don't, and so I am adding to
I got very hung up in the discussion about the Commons, and a definition of
such, because that's the point I was at... trying to figure out how to
present something so big, so general, so multi-valent, to someone with an
unknown problem (who, we assume, might consider a Commons-based solution.)
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-02-28 22:06:03
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
============================== START ==============================
between the name 'boundary conditions' and what I was thinking of regarding
the physical (and non-physical) intersections/exchanges/barriers and other
meeting points between one Commons and another.  I was making the point that
the definition of the Commons was as important as the systems that manage
Patrick and others have stated something around the definition of a Commons
is important to the organizing of operations to support that Commons.
Since all Commons are inextricably linked, and are limited resources in some
way, then, the definition problem includes naming exchange points and
liminal areas towards the effort of offering definition and context for A
Commons while still acknowledging that everything is interdependent.
It seems to me that the work of offering language to meet the needs of this
systemic approach to defining boundaries could be a useful place to do some
work, even if all we do is figure out how to name some of the approaches to
the work itself.
For example, starting with a crucial resource in a locale and following
through a network of connections to that resource, all the while focusing on
building an understanding of that resource in the community and developing a
"P2P" overview of interactions with that resource.

@_date: 2010-01-07 12:04:22
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Business Audit 
Hi All!
Here's a wild one for you...
I was on a call with Josef Davies-Coates just now, learning a bit more about
his intentions with regard to bringing together the Cooperative Business /
Open Hardware / and Peer to Peer communities in the UK.
One of the things that came up was an idea to see a sort of metric across
the organizations.  How can all the open businesses help each other succeed
on the path to a more commons-based world?
What about Peer to Peer evaluation?  P2P Aid for developing and developed
business, from the network, to the network.
What sorts of things could be checked up on, within a business, that could
then create webs of interdependence and opportunity within our community?
Here's a few examples of what this might be, and I'd like to know your
thoughts, too!
ITC Audit - Use of free/ Open tools, liabilities, Hardware Carbon Footprint,
10 year costing/maintenance plans
Oil/Hydrocarbon Audit - Dependance on fossil/non-renewable energy, carbon
footprint, reduction plan, rating for the type and size of business
Living Wage Audit - Connect with local resources for gauging effect of
consumer price index for housing, etc, on effective wages of employees
Commons Audit - How does your business increase the value of the commons?
What is the method, and how does it tie in to local needs?
Legal Audit - Is the business positioned for collaboration?  Is it legally
in the clear for working with other coops or entities?
Teachable Audit - Are your processes documented?  Have you shared the
hurdles you passed so that others can benefit from your experience?  Are job
descriptions or work skills being taught as part of the organization's
Examples of Open Standards for use in Auditing:
Can we find more of these?
US Carbon Reduction suggestions:
I'm drawing a blank.  Is all of the auditing standard proprietary?  The
science is not.  Where is the distillation?  Consensus on action?  I don't
expect of need the perfect answer, but isn't agreement on some of this

@_date: 2010-01-09 12:25:53
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on the conflict between the soft network economy 
That's like saying we could build computers without loving  relationships.  Does anyone reaaly think so?  How could you test that?

@_date: 2010-01-13 09:04:22
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] funding for us nonprofits only 
Can we apply for P2pf?
On Jan 13, 2010, at 6:06, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-01-14 14:52:10
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [open] Open Source and Co-ops events 
Glad you wrote back with more!  I was just
I was just looking at links from your previous post last night!

@_date: 2010-01-15 11:09:54
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
Over the last couple years I've been quite a nomad, moving country 5 times.
I jettisoned the library in 2004 before the current saga began.  7000
volumes.  Oh that hurt.
Since then I've accumulated an obscene number of e-books.  Obscene.  Really.
In the past I've had them printed at Kinko's, from files, and beat the price
of a new paperback.  Same type size, very readable.  Then I've given away
the copy when I finished it.
Many of the files I have are RTF, so I can resize the font, page width,
columns and type size to fit my needs.  Then PDF it and take it to the
printer.  Because the files are RTF I can tell the printer it is a novel I
wrote or a dissertation.  Sometimes I take the author's name off it and put
in my own!  Tack, I know, but it works :)
In Europe I haven't had the same luck with big copy shop pricing.  The only
Kinko's in town is now closed, though it still exists in the Google Maps
legacy street view images.
My solution was started in the US.   I've been shopping low-end laser
printers and comparing ink refill prices for this purpose.
An HP 1000 series at 14 ppm for $100 can print several thousand pages before
a $70 refill is needed.  That beats Kinko's on mid-range volume.
I printed several books on the one I had in the USA without any issues.  Now
the new model, HP Laserjet 1005, PC/Mac, is available for 90Euro.  I was
about to buy one the other day but couldn't find the refill, and decided to
wait until I could compare price with the less expensive but comparable
Samsung laser.
I share ebooks, and the sharing isn't really the problem.
Building a local community that is capable, interested, and willing to share
costs for the printer would be nice...but it isn't necessary.
I have seen scans of text books, but these are only useful when you want to
sit in front of a computer to read them as they are often in color and
tremendously large file sizes.
On the subject of text books, I have been a long paying subscriber to
MacMillan and all the other sheister outfits that control the trade in the
US, in cahoots with the Universities.  It's a sad thing.  Few things have
excited me more over the years than collaboratively  written, wiki-tized,
printable-ebook-able, editable (of course) free text books.  It's the one
thing that has brought some hope to the teachers I speak with in California
about the future of education since they are so saddled with Bush policy
that forces them to drill students on de-contextualized errata for
standardized testing.  If the kdis fail the tests, the school gets
bushwhacked by the state.  The idea of teachers seizing the textbooks gives
them hope they might prove out an alternative method for raising children to
In college it is the same, in my experience, but more sinister.  Nothing
like a $250 textbook (that you don't really need.)  I mean, seriously, I
could print 4 of them, with binding, for that price.  Wow.  Print 200that
price at  and I'd own all the machines to make them.  Who needs a million
monkeys when you have 75 million students and 15 million at University.
 They could each copy 4 paragraphs of a single textbook and it would all be
online and ready for distribution in whatever format was needed or

@_date: 2010-01-28 10:44:31
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
Thank you for sharing this Patrick.
I've been looking to have a conversation about indirect effects that might
be tracked in such a situation.
I have not finished reading your other links yet.
I also don't want to go to far off-topic, but this post got my mind racing.
What about looking at "levels" when we talk about prices?
Without triggering the often returned to debate about whether money is good
or bad, can we look at how the decision to purchase is a decision about the
level of participation and involvement the purchaser is making?
This is a customer side look at the decision to purchase and purchase again.
For example, if I buy the hamburger the 3rd time, I might be willing to pay
6.25 to double my profit contribution.
At some point I might "break even" as a vested partner, which might mean I
could purchase burgers at the $3.75 rate, but I want to see the "sources"
shared with other business, so I continue to pay $5.00 to maintain my vote
for that direction.
I'm not sure that I understand the overall utility of ever 'lowering' the
price to 3.75 since this points at some kind of 'stable' system, the likes
of which I have never seen.  Part of what I am sure you get at in your other
links is the fact that the purchase and the participation in the 'community
of decision makers' are similar but not necessarily the same thing,
depending on how things are run.
Just because I buy a hamburger doesn't mean I'm in favor of acquisition of
ore sources.  It just means I'm complicit.
To go further, which sources, how deep into the supply chain, and for how
long (1 year or perpeuity) are the sources secured?  I realize these are
decisions that every organization must make on it's own.  I feel that these
are important things to look at, though, not because I am rallying one way
or the other but because I want to look at them, and I crave an environment
where these are the issues that need addressing :)
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-07-01 22:43:34
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
I have marked up a new page explaining the Copyrights in use on the site.
This is the page that is shown (as a link) to authors editing content
on the wiki, below the edit window.
I would urge folks to look at it, and to find ways to improve it.
Areas of improvement might be:
Clarity of the message
Supporting documents
Help documents (formatting, etc)
I hope that this will serve all of our folks.

@_date: 2010-07-02 13:12:24
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mongoliad 
Great idea.  The first I've seen on the iphone platform but I've been
building similar web applications for years.
The fact that Stephenson is so amazingly popular will help this effort.
For fans of his work, this is a boon.  They will be able to author a
book with him, and benefit from his expert guidance while they
My experiments with this model in the past have shown that
'time-to-market' is an important consideration.  The comments on the
IO9 page show that many users still do not value or understand the
concept, and that is the majority of the population.  Fans of
Stephenson's work will be more likely to jump at the opportunity.
In the future we will see much larger efforts like this.  For now, the
larger efforts are often mired in legal or coordination swamps that
are difficult to navigate.  An example of this is the Open Textbook
Project, and California's attempt at a World History book:
This project is being written TO the legal guidelines for World
History for the State of California.  The benefits of the product will
be far more widely received, but that is only if it can ever happen.
It's interesting that the project is so valuable, too.  In the case of
COSTP (California Open Source Textbook Project) you have a user
community of teachers numbering in the 10s of thousands.  In fact, if
you ask 10 California teachers, at least 5 of them will tell you they
could afford another aide (a real assistant teacher) in their
classroom for all the money that textbook publishers make from new
versions of their textbooks annually.  9 our of 10 California teachers
will tell you that the standards and testing for California are making
things worse, too.
Even though this is the case, that teachers want to do it a new way,
they also need new education and training to participate in something
like COSTP.  Stephenson is lowering the barrier for that kind of
participation, and that may be the most important innovation here.
At any rate, the 'living book' concept is very disruptive for our
stability-craving psyche, and the fact that a well known and trusted
author is able to pioneer the trail is no surprise.  This effort can
give us some hope that the 'asset class' of 'living books' will become
more common, better understood, and that participation will become
easier.  Why, we might even start to fel confident that, once the book
is 'cooked' enough, that we'll be able to access it without paying,
and that our children will, too, and they they will be able to edit
the book as well!
In some ways we have to see this as a further democratization of the
Wikipedia concept.  Wikipedia has a narrow mission when you start to
think of how it compares to the sum total of every library on the
planet, as compared with the Encyclopedia Britannica.
While Wikipedia's goals are wide, they are not necessarily deep.
That's one way of seeing what Stephenson is doing as 'new'.  He's
going deep in swordfighting and mysticism.  He could normally spend
over a year researching a book, and now their might have 250,000
people collecting that material for the collaborative edition.  I
don't know anything about swordfighting, but I'm quite the closet
mystic, and you can bet I'll be signing up.
In this way, we will see a lot of collaboration going into depth in
subjects that aren't covered by Wikipedia or other
gigantically-wide-and-not-deep databases.  For example, a friend of
mine has had the idea that there should be an Open Source DSM, a new
and wider sourced version of the DSM-IV Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual of Mental Disorders
(  He
sees this book, and the expert sourcing, source control, distribution
control etc etc as absolutely indicative of how our society operates
on the whole and an excellent target should a new society wish to
Stephenson's new effort may be a drop in the pan, but it is also a
signal of the coming wave.  This idea: is easy entry, guaranteed
outcome, expert guidance, clear rules for participation, interesting
subject area. That is the new entertainment.  We can argue about
licensing and ownership of the product, the platform, and exploitation
of the workers amongst other things, but this is Peer Production.
Alex Rollin
California Law allows digital textbooks in 2020.

@_date: 2010-07-05 13:19:58
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Idea I am Playing With 
I'm often impressed by the folks who make a big connection with
'place,' knowing exactly which farmer has the best whatever so their
stuff tastes exactly 'you know'.
I still think a ryewiki would be cool.  Maybe mashwiki.

@_date: 2010-07-05 15:23:02
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] defining a (programming) language/annotation 
The P2P Foundation wiki has a lot of examples of different
applications of P2P "out there in the world."  In an effort to support
the development of more wide spread clarity in what a 'p2p
alternative' is there's a couple of new categories on the wiki that
are for pages that are important to 'p2p theory' and are also
regularly used in describing p2p alternatives.
The lowest level of this new set of categories are simple concepts
like 'competition.'  This is a new approach, and the attempt is barely
started and far from complete.  The idea, though, is to look at
'competition' and round out how competition 'is' with regards to p2p,
and specifically p2p networks, a network of peers.
This has obvious relations to the idea of 'simple' cooperation between
peers in a network.  One of the key steps in implementing
collaboration protocols, whether it is file sharing, information about
resources within a network or between peers, or even opening up
resources to peers within a network, all of these need education.
Educating for the implementation of p2p protocols between peers and
networks is the goal of this new category system on the wiki.
I agree with Sam.  My say is that as soon as person can take the step
of being part of a protocol, and they see a benefit, that they will
continue to open to the possibility of joining more and more networks
with more and more protocol.  Getting folks support to the first step
is important!
An indirect benefit of putting together these 'low level p2p
components' is that we can build modular system by reusing the
components.  When we combine the modular systems we get a complex
operation that is a fully qualified P2P Network.
You can find the Top category of the new "P2P Collaboration Stack"
here:

@_date: 2010-07-05 23:11:32
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Build Ripple 
I think Ripple for P2P currency is a great bet.  People are jumping
back in, attempting to add usability improvements and more.  Send them
a couple bucks if you think it's a good thing.
New donation pool to raise funds for Ripple development
A new donation pool has been created to raise funds for development of
the Ripple project, with an initial contribution of $500.00. The final
amount will be donated to the Ripple project to support the
development of a standalone Ripple server to provide open
decentralized payment through the Ripplepay site as well as other
services using Ripple. All content created will be released under an
open license.
Ripple is an open payement system that allows users to make agreements
between each other freely, and to use those agreements as a fully
functional currency in the wider community. This distributed financing
model allows users to get better rates, while dealing with known and
friendly sources. At the same time, it easily integrates with existing
financial systems, allowing for the use of multiple currencies and the
involvement of both new and traditional monetary actors.
The goal of the donation pool is to kickstart development on a project
that has recently been dormant. After an initial surge of activity,
the project remained quiet for some time as participants searched for
ways to get more people actively using their system. The system itself
currently works, although it does not yet offer all the functionality
envisioned by the project?s volunteers. Interest in the project has
recently renewed, and with it comes a renewed desire to see the
project grow in ways that will allow the general public to make
considerable use of Ripple as an open payment network.
Developing the standalone Ripple server will result in improvements to
the software design and code, and the new architecture forms the basis
for a number of new features, including integration with various
popular services. Ryan Fugger of the Ripple project describes it as
"an open-source Ripple server that would be an automated clearing
house for alternative (including personal) currencies." The new work
would also incorporate the work of OpenTransact, another project which
provides an open specification for financial transactions.
Raising funds to develop Ripple is very important at this point to
enable safe and easy transactions. As confidence falls in traditional
forms of currency, more people will need an improved payment system
that is open and user-oriented, decentralized, and secure and usable.
Only by building the tools now can we adequately prepare this type of
system, and Ripple promises to offer this full functionality if the
resources exist to support it. Ripple can do for money what open
source software has already done for other areas like operating
systems and network servers.
View the donation pool now, and pledge any contribution, here:

@_date: 2010-07-06 01:29:12
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Governance with Votorola 
Votorola caught my eye several months ago and I decided to put some
work into it.
I've created a set of documents and test polls that I hope exemplify
how Votorola can support direct democracy for a Peer network.
I invite you to review the introduction and supporting documents
beginning with You are welcome to create an account for the Pollwiki and Votorola to
experiment with the system, as well as adding networks, polls, and
Michael Allen of Votorola has been very supportive of this initiative.
 He is on the Pollwiki at I hope you will take a moment to check this out.
Their is no explicit form of decision making in the system.  Peers
decide the rules and carry them out.  My test case is a Housing
Commons.  Perhaps the list will have other ideas for networks that
would help to expose interesting uses of the system.
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2010-07-06 16:57:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ASCAP Declares War on Free Culture 
Network associations like this make money from issues.  Even if this
isn't a real issue, and if there were no issues, then they might cease
to exist, since administering gigantic legal funds of membership dues,
collected under the auspices of "protection for your IP!" are their
reason for being, or at least in some cases.

@_date: 2010-07-06 21:35:10
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ASCAP Declares War on Free Culture 
How can we aid the reverse with education?
We have a new category Do we have what is needed there?

@_date: 2010-07-10 01:20:10
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Commons-based London Sojourn 
I'm going to London in a few weeks to connect with others doing
research and application in Commons-based enterprise and
If you or anyone you know would be open to hosting me it would be appreciated.
I am in town the night of the 22nd until the morning of the 28th.
My Couchsurfing.org profile is: Thank-you for noting my request :)
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2010-07-10 16:30:13
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The link between poverty, 
Or perhaps just not having wants?  I don't mean that as definitively
as it sounds, but, for example, we learn about new things, new
developments, from neighbors.  We learn about the insufficiency of
current solutions through comparison, sometimes.

@_date: 2010-07-11 00:32:26
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Part 2. How Often Have Sovereign Countries 
I think this is one of several reasons
1.  our conversations on this list re-visit the topic of currency regularly.
2.  the 'creation' of a currency system between peers is one of the
most beautiful learning experiences in the world.
3.  the management of currency systems between peers is one of, if not
the most, (potentially) complex tasks imaginable.
Today I put together a "P2P Currency Systems" page at
The content of the page comes from a special "P2P" section on each of
the systems covered.
If you ave ideas about what makes a currency system "P2P" send them over to me.

@_date: 2010-07-12 23:13:46
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
I missed something here, though.  What is it about Capitalism that
"can't be replaced"?
It must be something unique.  Surely, though, this can't be the
concept of the 'market'?
I struggle with these high level discussions in ways similar to others.
One of the things that I like about 'starting from P2P' is going
through a process of imagining how we might, for example, re-invent
capitalism, using p2p theory assumptions.
Anyone is invited to engage in this type of behavior on the P2P
Foundation wiki, mind you.   Registrations have been opened again!
There's a set of categories for this type of original writing, also:
It's not complete, and doesn't try to eclipse the amount of writing on
capitalism.  This is another step in bringing up P2P theory to meet
the needs of people just learning about it, trying to apply it, or
perhaps even trying to arrange relationships between p2p networks.
Anyways, it's always my hope in this discussions to pull out a few
nuggets or crux points.
So, what does it look like to try and build the best successful
dynamics out of p2p theory?

@_date: 2010-07-13 06:16:05
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] how a community can own a resource 
Any ideas on how to build a set of pages to discuss the distinct
points in this article on the wiki?

@_date: 2010-07-13 06:51:17
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Changes to P2P Foundation Wiki 
There've been some changes to the wiki recently.
To see a list of new extensions that have been added, you can visit:
Of note are 3 functions allowing us to build a more complex,
interdependent wiki.
First, we can now call category content on a page using
"CategoryTree." ?This means that a list of pages can be displayed
within another wiki page. ?Useful for pointing to a group of related
Second, we are using more "transclusion," which means to use a
delimited sub-section of one page inside another page. ?If the source
page changes, so does the page that re-uses the sub-section. ?This is
useful for something like the definition of a concept, like "What is a
Peer?" ?Then you could insert the definition from another page. ?This
is powered by the Labeled Section Transclusion extension
 .
?This helps to keep page sizes down, and can encourage us to create
more definition pages that can be integrated into other documents.
 uses something like
Third, it is now possible for a user to autonomously create a login
for the wiki. ?We have a number of new extensions in play to protect
us from SPAM, so we're going to give this another try. ?So far, so
In related new, ?we now have a mobile 'skin.' ?This makes reading the
wiki on your mobile device a bit easier. ?James Burke did some custom
work to make this contributed skin work a bit better for us. ?If you
have a mobile device you should see the new interface automatically.
If you don't have a mobile device, but still wan't to check it out,
you can preview this and a couple other new skins from your
preferences/skins panel within your account.
If you have any questions, or would like help with any of the
functionality, please feel free to contact me.
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2010-07-13 10:46:00
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Changes to P2P Foundation Wiki 
Please, don't ever add anything to that front page on my account.  It
is 14 times too big already.
On Tue, Jul 13, 2010 at 10:29 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-07-13 11:54:49
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Changes to P2P Foundation Wiki 
Another note on changes.  I've written a help document for those
interested in collaboration on complex topics on the wiki.
Specifically, this is for how to transclude, or re-use, text from
another page.
This should help us to build up some clear definitions.
I mentioned to Ryan a bit ago that I'd like to see, for example,
 be
broken up so that the various aspect of the document can be looked at
in detail on the respective pages.  For example, sections on
transparency could be dealt with on the transparency article, then
transcluded into this document.
I love this wiki, and you guys are awesome.  Let's write some cool
stuff together.

@_date: 2010-07-13 14:41:08
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NYTimes: Chinese Factories Now Compete to Woo 
Awesome.  Things totally happen in mobs in China.  While I was there
everyone over 40 was quick to inform me of the delicate relationship
with the state appeasing the people.  Companies can be shut down
overnight, to this day, by the state, and one wonders if this is to
quell a potential revolt on a factory, or to quell a revolt on a
factory that spreads through the entire country in a matter of hours.
This is well described in Cory Doctorow's latest, btw.
I prefer the Chinese "capitalism" in many ways.  Especially the 'do
business but only if we like how it works out for the people' thing.
It is a gigantic country, and the regulatory culture is not well
developed yet.  But, as quality of life improves so quickly, for so
many (don't forget, they build a Germany every 12 years) the behavior
of the people changes, too.  I talked to many young folks who, though
they still respect Mao, also understood very well the 'hesitation in
the face of power' that their parents modeled and taught as the
appropriate public face, one that (they don't say this part) might
save you from being the 1 in 10 that was killed during the cultural
revolution.  They know that they fought their brothers and sisters,
too.  Oh, such an ugly period.

@_date: 2010-07-13 14:46:44
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] community forge drupal open money software 
This guy is pretty cool.  I was really impressed with how focused he was.

@_date: 2010-07-13 14:52:34
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] co-housing typology 
I started a document on this yesterday, how funny.
I mean, it's really just an empty page, but, I've got some ideas.
It's in the "P2PStack" at The document is called:
I'm taking a round-a-bout approach, defining various P2P Metrics,
currencies, collaboration systems, and some additional concepts like
sustainability, transparent, and especially a definition of "common
resources," a critical concept for something like this.
There's a couple pages on some ideas for collaborating together on the wiki at:
Logins are open, so drop on by if you want to create it together!
Alex Rollin

@_date: 2010-07-13 18:38:13
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Capitalism 
I like that we can see the beginning of all of these trends now.
I was stricken last year when California docked my alma matre 15%,
removing 2500 students from the rolls.  California subsidizes quite a
bit for residents, but this meant that unsubsidized folks were cut

@_date: 2010-07-13 20:15:22
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Capitalism 
The economy has totally jumped the shared.
Oh, another quickie from the Agile banking list~
 "As long as your currency does not work, the government won't
consider it money." ~ jhb from Opencoin.

@_date: 2010-07-14 11:55:45
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "Neural" sent you a message on Facebook... 
This is for subscribers only, for the most part.
All the links go through FB so they track everyone.
It's ugly and poorly formatted.

@_date: 2010-07-14 11:59:44
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: Non-scarce energy 
On the same note, do you already have a focus on who, or what
requirements you have, for someone trying to using the patents?

@_date: 2010-07-14 12:22:36
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: Non-scarce energy 
What is the aim for the funds collected as royalties?

@_date: 2010-07-14 16:15:34
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: Non-scarce energy 
I wrote a couple email back and forth with Marco.
It seems that there are several directions that might be taken, but
the preferable one is to secure some form of opportunity for royalties
for the inventor.
I have no idea of quantities or anything, but it seems to me this is
part of what is happening with Arduino through trademark licensing
This approach is compatible with the up and coming open hardware
licensing that posted to the list a few moments ago, linked here
I recommended, of course, that Marco chase down the track of
committing the patent to some form of open license so that production
and innovation could proceed unencumbered, and that the licensing and
trademarking be taken up within a new structure that continued to
provide services, sourcing, and whatever else might be needed to
implementors along with trademark services related to a colony of
goods and services for supporting deployments.  Again, this is similar
to Arduino, from what I can see.
Are there other ideas 'for success' that might help Marco engage P2P
and a commons-based approach in his work?

@_date: 2010-07-15 23:17:17
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative economy approach 
It is true that this is neat, clean idea, that of trading money for
certificates for redemption of value.
This is pretty simple, though.
I have seen some of the SEN style in action in Germany.  One thing to
note is that there are a number of organizations that help peer groups
organize to purchase communal assets together.
These kinds of services are the same 'type' as the 5 or 6 service
organizations inside Mondragon that help worker/owners figure out how
to do what is next or split a division to keep things workable.
The SEN assumptions are a bit different than the current 'market'
mentality that is present in the US.  The assumption of 'peer'
'solidarity' is useful in more ways than most folks realize.
I've been exploring how this works in the attempt to assemble the same
functions as business we are familiar with nowadays, but through a P2P
Network approach which is very similar to an SEN approach, for more
than the most part.
Say you have an SEN service that helps peers form groups to purchase
communal housing.  An SEN approach would attempt to fit the peers as
peers, without ownership issues getting in the way.
In the US you have co-housing which is always trying to preserve
individual ownership, and you get housing with no community.
It's a lame bastardized simplistic example, but it's used only to
illustrate the differences between the (hypothetical) approaches
(which are not limited to any country, but more likely to occur in
some versus others).
In an SEN or P2P approach one peer network doesn't have to be the same
or have the same interests as another.  However, both approaches could
be used to keep a 'service' like 'communal housing support' alive
because of the nature of the approach, even though not every peer
group is the same.  Solidarity amongst members, then the world, I
On Thu, Jul 15, 2010 at 10:50 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-07-16 11:21:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] problems with the wiki 
Can you point to an example page, for each Michel?
If you are referring to the template I use on the Commons page then
you can read the instructions at
 for editing them.
You will need to edit the intro on the linked page if that's where the
problem lies.
Though it may take a bit of reading and experimenting, it would be
poorer form to avoid this, I think, at this point.  The maintenance of
the long category pages is too difficult at this point to overlook
some systematic way of including content.  I have been in rather
constant communication with James Greyson regarding his posting on the
wiki, and was just reading another mail from him.  I instructed a new
user in the LST formatting yesterday.  It's possible and I think
preferrable to use this for 'traversal' pages like a category page.
On that note I created the p2p group on wiser earth, following James'
lead.  On this note: Please see the talk page.  I advised Patrick on his work here,
already.  Feel free to leave your notes there as well.
This systematic fashion I reference applies to what Patrick is doing,
too.  He sees a need to collect these articles in one place for now,
even though the category system appropriate is rather complex.  He has
taken the liberty of creating a set of categories and pages that all
point to category:government owned.  This is useful because everything
ends up in one place and you can still add the subcategories.
You can still edit the redirect pages and take them out of the loop as
appropriate.  We'll all see the edits, too.  There is no prohibition
on that.  You just click on the one you want, then click on the link
next to 'redirected from' which will take you to the original.  You
can then remove the redirect and edit as needed.
When complex issues like this come up I just wonder if instead of
trying to roll-back, we could perhaps figure out ways to work together
with the solution or work on an alternative solution.
It could be that we are going in the wrong direction and instead need
to take the approach of general civic networks.  A project might say
it is citizen owned, but the peer relationship is a bit more
complicated since obviously not all citizens everywhere are members.
The nature, boundary, and quality of the agreement and relationship is
what is interesting.  Just a thought.
On Fri, Jul 16, 2010 at 10:50 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-07-16 11:37:20
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation page Category:Commons has been 
Category pages are the mostly hotly contested real estate.  You are
the only one who edits them besides myself and Patrick right now.
I advised yesterday that we lock the pages except to Admins anyways
because they are so big and complex.
I am not excluding anyone who would look at a page to see how a template works.
On Fri, Jul 16, 2010 at 11:34 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-07-16 11:38:38
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation page Category:Commons has been 
I edited the original page to include the content you were
duplicating.  You can adjust it yourself with one tage.  It will take
you 3 minutes to figure it out.  The documentation is clear.

@_date: 2010-07-16 12:02:13
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] problems with the wiki 
What you have written is incendiary and not even integrative.  It is
defensive, offensive, and shows a total lack of appreciation, trust
and respect.
I am sorry if you find my comments the same.  Mine are meant to offer
help and pointers, and I indeed make good by offering to repair things
for you.  This seems important because you are not showing any
interest in learning about the tools that are available with Mediawiki
to make our lives here easier.  Your use of category pages has
inherent complications, and the solutions are meant to be a way out of
Again, apologies if you find my offering less than adequate, but your
responses are totally inappropriate.
If there was no way to restore a page for you, then Patrick could not
do it, but he has.  He has the same login a new user off the street
has, as a matter of fact.  Is that Spam?
Please keep these discussion on the wiki, Michel.  That is what it is
for.  That is the appropriate venue.  Your flaming here is not
On Fri, Jul 16, 2010 at 11:43 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-07-16 12:03:19
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] problems with the wiki 
If you want any of them deleted that can be done as well.

@_date: 2010-07-16 12:51:07
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation page Category:Commons has been 
Category pages are great for collecting together a couple of hundred
links automatically, but even collecting the highlights for the
category could be done in other ways.  This is a step in that
direction, allowing us to make focus pages that collect information
from lots of locations without the editing hassle, and leaving some
choice to the article owner about what is included, which I think is
very neat.  The behavior is by design, and is a distributed approach.

@_date: 2010-07-16 16:27:48
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Category:Policy - P2P Foundation 
This is tautological.
Nothing has structurally changed.  You are overreacting.
You can learn how to do this anytime you like.
You can also go on with your old tricks as usual.
Others around you may not conform to your convention.  Life goes on.
If you run into a template it might be better to know what it is.

@_date: 2010-07-16 16:35:08
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] problems with the wiki 
These are not dictatorial solutions.  I do listen.  I talked to the
guy who wrote the content in question that you copied. You are being
inflammatory in addition to being defensive.
You are wrong.  I do hear.  You do not always listen or make clear
requests.  You have options.  I do not always do what people tell me.
I do not impose, but I do edit, just like you.
Ask a question next time, maybe? instead of ... you know... freaking
out, maybe?  Please?
I can edit the category like other users, yes.  I will probably do it
again, too.
Ah, but you could not judge that all by yourself, though, could you?
What do you consider hyperbole, anyways?  Or unchecked assumptions?
I did undo the edits in a way that reflected your wishes as to what
content appeared on the page and informed you by email.  Don't be a
pill and make me produce the thread.  Besides, you can see the fix in
the edits on the wiki.  Plus I wrote extensive documentation on how
the solution works and sent you 3 emails last week and this week
asking you to review the protocol.  Don't even try it...

@_date: 2010-07-16 16:45:58
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation page Category:Commons has been 
This is patently not true Michel.   That page was edited.  Case
closed.  It is a non-optimal practice anyways, and was willingly
changed by Patrick once he saw the situation.  No one is defending the
practice, merely explaining why it was attempted and how to fix it.
You are the one interpreting as otherwise.
As far as the Greyson material goes, on the edits I was correcting,
when I first inserted the template, the text, except for the section
headings was the same.  You can check the edit history if you like.
You are over reacting about imposition.  I decided how to handle it.
I fixed it for you.  I showed you how to fix it.  You can do it next
time if you want to.  You can change it back.  I could edit it again.
It's a wiki, you know?  The point is I'm not trying to 'NOT' put what
you want on the Category page; I'm just doing it a little differently.
 And contextually...more contextually, if you ask me.
This practice of transclusion works for what is intended, even in this
flare up as you struggle to understand how to use the new technology.
I do defend the practice.  You will see more of it, in addition to the
several examples I have sent to you in the last week.  Transclusion is
useful.  If you read the LST and P2PStack Architecture document you
will see that I even wrote down how contextual quotes are handled, as
separate sections.  I didn't invent this.  The basic functionality
comes with Mediawiki.  I think that means it is, you know, a wiki
Here's a use case.  If you are writing something "about" James
Greyson's 7 Switches, don't you think it would be neat if, since he
only watches 2 pages, his user page and the 7 Switches page, that you
could write your contextual piece "7 Switches and P2P Policy" within
'his' 7 Switches page?  Then he gets notified, can correct it, and
work with you.  It's super cool, and better than the way you do it.
All the 7 Switches stuff is all in one place, but can be used
anywhere.  That's why it works.  I know a user has to learn a few new
tags to use it, but, so what, not everyone is writing gigantic pages
like us, so it just doesn't effect that many people, and really isn't
a concern.

@_date: 2010-07-16 16:50:32
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] problems with the wiki 
Accusing me of wasting time doesn't make it true Michel.  When did you
build your last web application?
How many online communities have you run?
How many users have you signed up in your lifetime?
I have published millions of pages Michel.  I used to get 180 million
impressions a month.
I work here and invite others and clean up the mess.  I re-use the
content.  I'm building on and with the knowledge commons.  Adapt, or
not, whatever.  You are not the only editor.  Nothing I've done has
been destructive or 'deletionist'.  Your metaphor is incorrect.  It is
called collaboration.  This is how you do it, instead of writing about

@_date: 2010-07-16 16:51:29
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Category:Policy - P2P Foundation 
Yes, and if I like your context I'll move it to a more appropriate
place for further re-use by others.  In which case, you will run into
another transclusion.

@_date: 2010-07-16 17:06:31
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] problems with the wiki 
You misdirect and misleed. I am not afraid.  I am merely a contributor.

@_date: 2010-07-16 17:08:42
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation page Category:Commons has been 
Is every page your page?  Surely not.  So, you preclude the use of
anything you don't understand on every page you might touch?  That's
ridiculous and you know it.  It's not even your writing we are talking
about, but a contribution from another user that I spoke to about the
changes.  Your argument is fallacious.

@_date: 2010-07-16 17:16:13
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation page Category:Commons has been 
They are not obligatory.  You can always undo them, but why?  The
product is better!  And you can organize it more easily.  The page is
easier to edit.  Layout.  Better.  And you can build all kind of
perspectives into the source content.
I think category pages are terrible places to write content.
Terrible.  Put it in the topic page.  If you get over 2 screens long,
break it up again into more page and specific topics.
The site already loads 200+ links for the main 15 category pages.  The
content haul on top of it keeps people from ever scrolling to the
And the formatting is ugly.  It's Mediawiki.  They all look the same,
but the longer the page the more formatting there is.
No transclusion need be decontextualized.  Especially when you can
edit them yourself.  Which is easy.

@_date: 2010-07-17 00:27:36
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bonds VS Bills for P2P Money 
You mentioned you were interested in Unitization.  This is great for
asset-backed value.
It seems to be a growing trend.  How is the research going?
I wonder how this concept could be better understood as a P2P Currency.

@_date: 2010-07-17 01:28:46
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bonds VS Bills for P2P Money 
Ryan made a comment the other day that a currency is a commons.
I hadn't seen it said so simply.  It's an agreement to honor value
amongst a group.
Unitization is interesting because it is a claim against future
production, and is a debt, but is also a very clear agreement.

@_date: 2010-07-17 02:52:29
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bonds VS Bills for P2P Money 
Yes, it's a good idea.  The question is how.  I have asked Chris but
he won't divulge the dirty details yet.  He says he's working on a
book though.
There are some systems already online:

@_date: 2010-07-18 20:26:19
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
Keeping accounts of the "debt" as the amount of money printed is only
a partial 'solution' with an international currency like the dollar.
I would say that the value of the dollar floats with the world's
belief in the beauty of Disney's value, for example, and this would be
an incomplete summation of 'why' the dollar is worth what it is in the
One interesting note to learn from the fractional reserve system is
that people, as in 'the people,' enjoy have a 'count' of some sort of
all the money being printed that supports the foundation of the
ability to produce, or whatever else debt is created for.  I am not
saying this is what actually happens, but, for example...
In bitcoin, you would want to know how many total coins have been
issued, if you thought this was a useful metric.  Same for Brixton
pounds, or other currencies.  To know how much is being created, and
to 'put' that against the GDP or other factors in the system of
In a certain way, the people of the US are 'responsible' for the debt,
and for the money created...for 'producing value' and paying tax that
pays that debt down.  So, that debt, to a certain extent, is a mark of
our polity, and by our I mean everyone who uses a dollar.
The agreement to use a currency is just as important as the mechanisms
by which it is managed.  The system of creation for the dollar hasn't
changed much, but the mechanism for increasing demand, and the ways in
which the currency is used, have.
I understand that the congressional record of the US states that the
Fed can be purchased for the sum of 450 million, returning the
printing and issuance and regulation of the currency to the US
government, but, because people like it the way it is, it remains
privately held.  One of the unfortunate consequences is that the
ability to print alternative currency is impeeded, and so innovation
in currency is a bit stifled in the US.  This regulation, that the
pairing of a currency to the dollar is illegal, is very similar to our
law for sovereigns.  Specifically, sovereigns are not allowed to 'peg'
their currency to the dollar either, though this is what China, and I
think Ecuador, do.
On Sun, Jul 18, 2010 at 8:12 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-07-19 06:50:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mesh - Not for profit Cooperative + "Megabytes" 
A couple points:
   1. The connections to the internet are not *free* because "access points"
   are assumed to be connected to the www, which requires someone to pay.
   2. The currency might be great for enabling those who offer an "access
   point" credit for use on other "access points"
   3. Most "organized" mesh nets do not encourage a charge of any kind for
   roaming users.  Example:  .  This might just be
   a new class of networks, though.  See FreeTheNet below, which does charge as
   a cooperative.
   4. An alternative currency for access is great, and innovative, but
   exchanging that currency for "cash" may not be desirable as it is not
   standard procedure for mesh nets.  Good idea, though.  It needs to be a
   platform, though.  A platform should be usable, copyable, and extendable.
    Hypothetically, extensions should be usable by others on the platform
   copies.  Walk away complete is the tag line.
   5. Most protocols that happen over the internet can happen between
   machines and a configuration package for local services discovery could be
   very interesting.  Usually local networks are useless except for file
   sharing, and the services are less than ideal in many cases.
   6. The local package for service discovery could be handled/built in a
   way that was "network ambivalant", as a package that worked on the internet
   or a local network.  Example: keeping a list of media files you are looking
   for and using a collection of programs that search here or there to find you
   sources.
   7. OLPC already does mesh networking in a way significantly similar to
   what you describe  .  This
   is not typical for the configuration of wireless network cards in machines,
   though it is possible (for some part, at least)
   8. The Meraki company made a mistake and raised the price of their
   hardware so Open-Mesh took over the "higher purpose" of providing BATMAN and
   ROBIN pre-flashed nodes and extenders
   .  FreeTheNet uses Accton routers from OpenMesh, see below.
   9. Changing settings to allow and encourage local services discovery can
   be dangerous.  As a networking professional I will say that 95% of people
   are using default settings on their machine, and these make it almost
   impossible to easily discover local services with changing configurations,
   and that is potentially dangerous.  No more dangerous than using the
   internet, I suppose, but the exploits don't come through the browser,
   necessarily.  See the wifi iphone hack.  The issue is perhaps only different
   in that local network bandwidth is much higher, and so a hole in security
   can be exploited very quickly with big packages.
      10. You don't need to do anything new to accomplish your vision of
   extending the range of a local network across your city.  Just copy what
    is doing and use Open-Mesh routers.  It's
   getting easier, apparently.  I worked on  in 2007
   when it was just some guys hacking hardware and figuring out the business
   model.  It was a pain because the first Meraki products were just coming out
   and the team had to write and rewrite the code for the coordinated uplink,
   which allowed the routers to be flashed remotely.  Now it's a coop.  Yay!
    So you can copy them too!  Check out their bylaws here:
    FreeTheNet and Vonic use a custom DogOnRails
   app for network management, under development in a different form during my
   time.  This is for tracking memberships, I am sure, over the network and
   between access points.  It's also needed because the FreeTheNet model
   through Vonic calls for underwriting extending mesh deep into residential
   areas to supply home connections over a shared network.  A special purpose
   monitoring and optimization software is useful for that kind of thing.
   11. You won't escape governance and I don't know how to conceive of a
   local mesh in such a way.  It still uses hardware made by the machine, and
   it still has to connect to the www, at least for now, through ISP
   connections.  Someone has to pay for that.  Using local mesh for file
   traffic several limits what files are available.  It would take a small city
   to duplicate the power of a Google server farm used to cache partial copies
   of the internet, and that farm would be optimized for the task, unlike a
   city-res-mesh.
On Mon, Jul 19, 2010 at 12:29 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson

@_date: 2010-07-19 14:29:05
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mesh - Not for profit Cooperative + "Megabytes" 
This brings up an interesting conundrum.
If you say to people "There's a mesh network!  It's free!"
They say "Free Internet!  Yes!"
And you say "No!  It's an intranet, with strangers!"
And they say "...oh...what do you use that for?"
What would your answer be?
As long as there is no plan for economic or other agreed upon interaction
with node hosts there are no guarantees of net access, or the long term
presence of the node itself.  They need power, shelter, the usual things an
off-the-shelf robot needs.
Freethenet's original model was to subsidize the node hardware for a
business making a commitment to share an uplink with the public, within
reasonable limits, for a duration.  In some cases the business would pay for
it themselves, and those businesses got installed first.  The point was to
increase traffic.  The business were enticed with advertising, but, in
effect, it was a decision about whether they wanted people loitering with
The main library in Amsterdam has recently removed power connections from
the 7th floor, where the most comfortable couches are, and where the beer
is.  It was a veyr busy spot.  They screwed the power connection covers
On Mon, Jul 19, 2010 at 2:22 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson

@_date: 2010-07-19 17:40:02
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mesh - Not for profit Cooperative + "Megabytes" 
Since you started this conversation by email, will you be re-wikifying what
you have learned somewhere?  Perhaps back on share wiki?
Perhaps some section...
Business Models/Motivations
Collaboration Systems (Currency)
Current Systems (how they differ from what you propose, advantages
On Mon, Jul 19, 2010 at 5:18 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-20 10:40:42
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
since Kevin is positing that Social Credit is also a viable option, and
since the common sovereign money system is so well understood, is it
possible to do a point-by-point comparison?  How could I help with this?
Perhaps one of the 'social production' concerns for P2P is producing
agreements that are workable as "social credit" within the larger sovereign
money systems.
I was reading the "Public Housing" entry in wikipedia yesterday:
This article is indicative of how a concept, like public housing, can be
interpreted so differently in different contexts.  The article on the
Netherlands is missing 3 or 4 different types of organizations that are
involved in the  administration of social housing.  While some might say
this is too many extra machines in the mix, each one serves to manage
agreements of different kinds, with different issues, between different
parties.  I was about to edit it, but realized that the changes would be so
drastic that I would need to spend quite a bit of time documenting it in
order to show why the changes are relevant when compared with the long
section for US public housing which speaks about how most of it has been
bulldozed due to drugs, gangs, and dereliction.
The same thing could be true for the use of agreements within money systems.
 In the Netherlands the "commons" as "social contract" happens within the
legal jurisdiction of the state, and far more often than in the US, when it
comes to measuring this type of activity per person.  Most of the same type
of organizations and contracts exist within the US, but the people don't use
them for a variety of reasons, by and large.
On Tue, Jul 20, 2010 at 5:47 AM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-07-20 12:54:18
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Login to Wiki, Upgrade your account 
Hello everyone, and especially wiki editors.
The last years have been tough on Mediawiki.  As some of you might know the
software is built to force collaboration and makes the exclusion of editors
difficult  when it comes to some forms of "graded" participation.  Because
the platform is so widely used the motivation to created automated spam
routines is high, and plagues every group using the software.
Our solution for now is that anyone can create a login, and when they
confirm their email they can do a bit more.  New (and old) users are part of
this class, and are forced to fill out the forms that test for humanity.
Spammers get through still, though.  Yesterday I blocked an account for
posting product links on our super popular product hacking page.  Took
several page views and some time.
This is made easier with more people patrolling the wiki!
So, I would like to invite those of you with account to go ahead and write
your name on the following page:
I'd like to promote any of you real human editors out there who do work on
the wiki.  Any of the admins can do the promotion, and this can be a page
where we define the rights of the "class of users."  Feel free to use the
talk page to discuss.

@_date: 2010-07-20 12:57:09
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mesh - Not for profit Cooperative + "Megabytes" 
Very neat.  It is similar to the economy of scale that allows Vonic to
extend multiple routers into a neighborhood.
As you and I both mentioned there is little application for local area
networks, presently, but this could change quickly.

@_date: 2010-07-20 13:46:32
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] wiki controversy .. 
I edit on this thing about 16 hours a day at the moment.  I'm working on a
definitional set of documents for P2P.  I'm using a number of the more
complex editing functions to facilitate the interdependent documents.  This
is meant to be used by groups interested in using a P2P approach in their
enterprise.  It's highly interlinked with the wiki.
I just got off Skype with Michel.  The basic thing is, this is Mediawiki.
 It does some weird things, and anyone editing it can get in to trouble.
 I've lost all manner of edits and other hiccups in the process of learning
to use it.
This is a community wiki.  The community members can call on each other for
help.  Feel free to contact me if you need some help with something.  I've
written about 60 pages of documentation on the wiki so far in an attempt to
give away as much empowerment as possible so that others don't have to learn
the hard way like I did.
The wiki still need help.  The installation is incorrect (not in a
subfolder), it is out of date (2 version) and their are mass-changes,
widespread find-replace work, that need to be done to have it meet the
wishes.  These are technical issues, on one hand, and also social issues as
they will require collaboration.
As such, the fanning of hostility is, for me, to be avoided.  I am mostly,
usually, ready to listen anger.  If you or anyone is pissed at me, let me
know.  We can work it out, usually, if we are both willing to hear each
other out and to meet the other half way.

@_date: 2010-07-20 13:53:24
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
I have heard the argument that peer production requires internet and
high-tech tools but I don't think this is the case.  The assertion is often
made in the context of p2p as software production only, and doesn't often
extend to peer networks engaging commons based practices that are not in
software.  Many worker owned cooperatives could qualify as commons based
peer produced enterprises, in my view.  That these enterprises don't or
can't engage more complex analysis may mean they cannot join other networks
but it doesn't mean they aren't networks themselves.   I'm thinking of  a
worker owned brewery in Amsterdam.

@_date: 2010-07-20 14:11:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] varieties of radical left positions towards 
I read it.  I believe he means that the refusal to submit should be the
unifying 'principle' of humanity.  His opening quote hinted at it.  That all
other governance, originating from a supposition of any other principle, is
It?s very difficult to force into obedience whoever
has no wish to command.
J.-J. Rousseau
I believe that P2P Networks have this quality.  The difficulty in some ways
is that previous coordination systems, in an effort to economize and
compete, have centralized, and force submission, in a way, because users
cannot replicate and walk away.

@_date: 2010-07-20 14:23:19
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
It has also been said repeatedly that the exchange is within a distributed
network, and that means agreements.  These agreements are always hedged
against the value of a commons as individual benefit, and direct reciprocity
is not required for that.
This is under review at the moment.  The progress in the understanding of
the concept of a 'commons' is remarkable, and a growing body of work is
showing how the non-reciprocal exchange you mentioned, mediated by a commons
actually helps a network instead of hurting it.  The point is equity, a
contract arising from the agreement of peers in the network.  The system
must be complex enough to allow peers to equitably regulate their own
activities in a sphere that is relevant to them and connected to the commons
and the network.  This is a formula for an approach to peer production with
regards to any commons, regardless of the nature of the resource.
Definitely.  One hint wold be to say that a distributed network means only
non-submission.  To centralization or decentralization.
What are the distinctions?
This is a form of complexification of networks in order to manage complex
resource or production systems.
Yes, for these particular production methods for the particular resources in
question.  Inability to access to hi-tech means that some people, otherwise
qualified, end up as wage slaves.

@_date: 2010-07-20 14:26:15
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks! 
The best approach to media...a losing battle.  Small victories, maybe.
 Catching media lying is always a good one.

@_date: 2010-07-20 14:34:08
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
This is useful for enlightened self-interest, which, in short, smears the
definition of altruism, by and large, but gives some context:
Enlightened self-interest is also different from pure
 [edit
   -
   E. E. "Doc" Smith , in his science fiction book
   "Subspace Explorers ", posited an
   economic formula that would control profits and bonuses, which he referred
   to as "The principle of enlightened self-interest".
The wikipedia entry makes the point of actors understanding the needs of
others, acting in others interest, and that this behavior has no consequence
to their own self interest.  This is a combinatorial definition, using the
other definitions of altruism and adding on to them.
The Nash Equilibirum demonstrates the validity and utility of this kind of
enlightened self-interest:
I've been writing a page about a p2p relational system
I have some content on self-interest and how enlightened interest plays out.
EE Doc Smith is mentioned above.  He wrote over a long period, and created
the lensman series.  The main characters are "incorruptible" people who are
given the gift of telepathic communication and guide the way to the
expansion of the human race throughout two galaxies.  Through the 13 or so
novels of his that I've read the characters, the main characters, are always
in total 'knowing' of their self-interest, and their "gifts" allow them to
trust each other.  Indeed the greatest threats to the universe are always
those that seek to break that trust.  These are characters who never submit,
never give up, know exactly what they need, and are always willing to say
they dont know, they can't yet, or that they need help.
That is an impossible set of attributes.  So, what then....
People iterate.  Through processes of greater and lesser knowing.  Of
trying, failing and picking a new direction.
Questioning the self-interest of someone, or looking for altruism, are
useless without knowing ones self.  That's my contention.
That is why Ayn Rand's flavor is called rational altruism.
There's a favorite saying of mine:  "Know thyself and you will know the
universe and all its Gods."
I add, know thyself and it will be easier to screw yourself over than for
someone to take advantage of you. Then you don't need to concern yourself
with altruism, either.

@_date: 2010-07-20 17:29:43
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Explain it?  I've never actually heard them talk about their motivations.  I
think what they are doing is fun!  I would think so, anyways.

@_date: 2010-07-20 19:32:04
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Coercion is exciting, though.  Some people think that exciting things are
fun.  Europeans less so than Americans, I find.  Could be something to that.
On Tue, Jul 20, 2010 at 7:26 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-26 02:23:37
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
This type of argument makes me want to say that some production ought be
moved out of the market, as competition for "richness" needn't necessarily,
theoretically, endanger food supply or housing availability.
Josef Davies-Coates recently reminded me that a tree must be pruned and
provoked to fruit under some threat of death.  While this may be true for
trees, and coercion is certainly one means to evoke a response in humans, I
wonder if there are studies that prove all humans provide such a suitable
response only under threat.  Aren't other conditions possible besides
threat?  I am rather certain there are other ways.
To say that markets are not run by executives is bull.  People are making
decisions.  No one is calling for perfect markets in this conversation.  To
offload the responsibility on nameless faceless masses is not appropriate or
Some people do want to be rich.  I like the idea of everyone having a chance
to taste metaphorical blood, and I see no reason for any real blood to be
spilt, yet any position that defends unregulated markets defends the
position that blood should be allowed to be split, in real red.
Luckily markets still function under state rules, except where corporations,
their leaders, and employees abuse their privilege.  It is always possible
to cut back on the freedoms that the poorer examples (ie the market leaders)
are allowed to enjoy.  The often idolized and particularly American phantasm
of the free market often beguiles those who would be rich; they are often
then one who believe (metaphysically or otherwise)  that the market was ever
or could ever be free.  It is not, and it will be reigned in before we are
all ruined.

@_date: 2010-07-29 09:02:39
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mapping online publics 
Google just acquired Metaweb for their "entity" analysis methods for

@_date: 2010-07-29 13:04:35
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Trust Relationships in P2P Networks 
The followoin came through the Ripple list.
I wondered if others would agree that bilateral and multilateral trust  can occur in a P2P Network and that this would by definition form a
Commons when the trust ia multilateral.  There may be an inter-network  commons then like the bank below that also enjoyed multilateral trust  as a resource offering asset use value to multiple networks.
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2010-07-29 15:09:50
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Red Ink 
Hi Nicholas,
I really like the perspective on Gaia Permaculture.  The group I work with
is using P2P as a white label space to develop a set out protocols for
international cooperation, with peers, to come to a similar outcome through
an iterative action plan.
I was wondering if you would consider making an entry or two on our wiki for
your projects and a page for your person.
This link shows current references to you that have been pasted in:
You can visit:  for some steps to get
started if you like.
I have been considering a permaculture route for a bit.  I'm now looking for
communities in Europe I can join that are interested in doing managed farm
(and other) production for cities and urban areas.  Where I could live and
work with my family.
On Thu, Jul 29, 2010 at 12:53 PM, Nicholas Roberts <

@_date: 2010-07-29 15:54:06
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Trust Relationships in P2P Networks 
Do you mean bilateral here?
In a P2P network there would seem to be the potential for all relationships
to be multi-lateral.
Security measures like signatures would allow tracking and additional checks
on validity.  These might identify nodes, or help to rate the trust in a
transaction, and some could be anonymous.  Transactions between 2 peers can
build a trust rating that may or may not be acceptable to the rest of peers.
 This means, to me, that trust can build up to fully multilateral status.
By multilateral currency you mean something with redemptive value.  This
could be CPU time, labor time, or some other discretely redemptible currency
that would allow clearing between potentially unknown nodes in the network?
By liquidity you mean that the low trust from single use bilateral currency
would pile up and wouldn't be abe to be cleared. Nodes/People might borrow a
lot but wouldn't be able to pass it on?
The question for me that comes up is, what happens when the currency,
primarily, is multilateral.  Let's say a network owns a house.  The currency
is "occupancy" like a day of occupancy.  People trade all kinds of currency
for it, and some of it is sovereign currency.  Why would that force low
liquidity?  These are peer-to-peer networks as in "person-to-person."
 Ripple users who want/do/maintain/build common resources like a house, car,
or windmills.

@_date: 2010-07-29 16:52:24
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Trust Relationships in P2P Networks 
In the case of a network it would be all of those, for a given currency.
 The ability to take the note/agreement to any other node and have it
exchanged for something else.
for example.
I agree with you.
Yes, I agree.  And maybe more.  Looking at this now.

@_date: 2010-07-29 18:01:19
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Trust Relationships in P2P Networks 
I presume that individuals in the network made an agreement that each of
them, individually, signed, in some way.  The agreeement gives them shares
of a sort, yes.  They manage it together.  If they fall out of the network
they get nothing, and if new ones join they have to do something for a share
or arrange to trade with others for access to their share.  They can play
the role of trust manager, and the decisions that need to be made they can
make as a group.  They can make an agreement about what rules are used to
deem a decision final.  I can also see a situation where it might be useful
that another "corporation" or something like a trust owned the house, but
this is not immediately necessary.
In this network every node links to every other node, and they may or may
not accept each and every currency from each other.  That said, if a subset
buy a house together, somehow, and make a currency that represents use value
of the house, they could, it would seem, carry out the transactions of the
bank/multilateral type, each node on its own.   They would need to add a
"house" currency to Ripple, for example.

@_date: 2010-07-31 16:56:20
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tyranny of Majority was "Why do we not choose 
============================== START ==============================
I wonder how "quality of life" can be handled at all by majority rule.  It
may not be possible.
I know I would prefer to have more granular control over laws and rules that
effect me.
I recollect the arguments that say that if we don't care, as a people
(majority, all of us, you included) for those who can't care for themselves,
then what kind of people are we?
This argument has been stretched pretty thinly as the banks are now the
poorest amongst us, pillars of capitalism that they are, and our majority
opinion doesn't count for much when it goes against what the elected
representatives say is right.
How can standards for the care of children of activities that effect our
mutual environment be governed, then?
I have enjoyed the idea of "bioregions" like watersheds as a beginning type
of governance area or jurisdiction, but much can be said about the kind and
quality of law or regulation that is passed and how it is enacted when it is
designed to improve or secure a potential lifestyle that has an impact on

@_date: 2010-06-01 14:37:21
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updating our scientific research network 
I am doing this as I go along in the Commons and Cooperatives category,
along with all the core pages like Open and others.
I agree about a template.  I have slowly been changing my style to match
Wikipedia but I haven't done this with a firm hand with regards to bios,
organizatios, concepts etc.
James is going to give me access to add the categorytree extension.
 Hopefully we'll add one more called DynaicLists or something like that
which will allow us to, for example, show a list of all the Category Bios
people in the Category Commons.  That is ideal for this wiki, eventually,
once things are categorized properly.

@_date: 2010-06-02 13:21:51
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Updating P2P scientific research network 
I just made this page:
It's a place to write down our best practices when doing the kind of mass
editing and curation we are discussing.
It isn't complete, and I'd love some to work with others on it.
 Unfortunately, in the creation, I realized a lack of support pages for new
editors, now high on my list.
It's on my watch list, and I'll keep creating and editing supporting
documents.  Jump on if if you have a few minutes.
If someone has an idea of how namespaces can be used to organize some pages
I would appreciate knowing how this wiki, right now, sits poised to use
them.  It doesn't have the namespace extension, afaik.
Here's a page for the research network:
Mostly empty; a starter, though.

@_date: 2010-06-03 16:37:55
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-operative Supermarket built on voluntary 
+1 on city cars.  1 hour for 2.35Euro, 5Euro per month membership.  Clean
the car for an hour, get an hour free.  Next step is 'consumer' owned
networks, such as the new California law opens up.
Vancouver's network is already there, and more will be soon.  Think of all
the management tools we'll make for sharing, too!
 (Vancouver auto sharing since 1997!)

@_date: 2010-06-03 19:00:35
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Organization 
I've been fussing with some of the categories on the wiki.  There's a few
big important pages on there that get the lion's share of traffic so I'm
doing some work to copy what's working there and apply it in other areas.
I was wondering about something.
Do you think that we need to have "P2P Theory" and "Theory"?
Background:  Wikipedia assumes you know nothing.  Do we make the same
With our wiki there's a chance to look at an article and pick out the "P2P
Perspective" but this isn't always clear, and it is by no means systematic
across 10,000 pages.
Let's use hyperbole to talk about a test case.
Let's say I hear about a new initiative of the United States' National Rife
Association.  The organization has heard from some gun owners that the group
has created a train-you-neighbor  program, free, and that you can train
anyone after looking at the website for 5 minutes.  When you finish, you go
online and sign a petition.
So, this program obviously has a P2P Perspective.  Gun owners training
neighbors...neighbors as peers, everyone helping everyone to better wield a
When I put this on the wiki I can put the stub into a few different
Here's what I'm thinking:
Category:P2P Training
Do you sense any difference between Training and P2P Training?
I think we need both.
There's a new initiative of the United States' National Rife Association.
 The organization has created a free training program.  Just sign up on the
website and in 5 minutes you are certified.  You can sign a petition that
you completed the program and that you support looser gun laws.
If this went on the wiki it would go in:
So, I think we need both, and there's a place for curating the Category
pages for the P2P Foo categories to specify and differentiate.
This hyperbolic example does beg a question, though: Why would the second
article be on the wiki?  Ideas?
Your thoughts are valuable.  Please do let me know what you think.
One of the impacts of this is in regards to the structured taxonomy for the
site.  Our category system has exploded, and to no great end it would seem.
 50 categories have all the links, and the rest are flying solo.
Custom pages here and there are working as directories, but they can't keep
up with the number of growing links.  In general then, our categories need
to support or  high traffic sections and, if possible, aid navigation down
into those sections with subcategories.  Wikis, ugh.  But possible!
This also means that "Top Level" pages like "Manufacturing" and "Design" do
need to understand their important place in things as driving all the
traffic for a particular category and also serving as a set of directions
for how to add additional content.  Like my NRA story, there may be cases
where an article decidedly doesn't belong because it doesn't link.  But,
then, what if it can't be categorized?  I'm not a deletionist, don't get me
If there are three design categories: Design, Open Design and P2P Design,
then I would tell you that my bet would be on the P2P Design category as
containing the 'stuff' most well-curated on the wiki, but this is not the
In addition to this particular subject, I would add that most changes I'm
making are non-volatile.  Redirects where need, lots of useful additive
categorization.  Generally we should see a traffic increase as things move
on.  The greatest benefit, though, will be a clearer way of linking your
content on the wiki, and feeling confident about how to add links to
categories like design so that they get properly showcased.
By the way, this wiki is totally awesome.  Great work everyone!  :)
Help?

@_date: 2010-06-03 23:34:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Blog Feed 
I noted that the widget that allows folks to subscribe by email on the blog
page is not working, either.
It is run through Feedburner.
I would like a few more feeds burned, as well:
Specifically new pages and recent changes.
On Thu, Jun 3, 2010 at 11:27 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-06-05 15:58:29
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ning Migration - Conversation Continues 
I made some pages on the wiki.  If people would take a look they might add
some information to help light the way forward.

@_date: 2010-06-05 17:06:03
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ning Migration - Conversation Continues 
Sounds good.  The background for this one is a doozy, and the deadline
approaches.  Elsewise we start to pay out of pocket.

@_date: 2010-06-06 22:49:59
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Application_Content_Infrastructure, 
I don't know where the ACI name came from.  It seems to me like saying that
there's a move to continue to distribute collective computing and storage to
the edge is sufficient.
I think it's neat and I'll run a node.

@_date: 2010-06-06 23:59:38
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Application_Content_Infrastructure, 
I should have said I'm not sure why such a thing deserves a name.
This seems to me to be a 'check-in' on edge computing.
from Bill St. Arnaud:" As a result a host of content, application and
I think he makes a good point.  I do host a node, of sorts, but a WAN would
be excellent.  I was considering some of the automation I already use for
video.  Easy to make available to others.    Would be nice to run a
SETI at home type script to do some encoding across a neighborhood computing

@_date: 2010-06-07 09:19:06
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Application_Content_Infrastructure, 
It brings up some interesting issues.
As the report alludes to the fact that it's not too much of a problem to set
up a 60 Gigabit network for a neighborhood.
The topology and functionality might look like:
Individuals have their own download/upload pipes for their personal traffic
When they want a local copy of a large file they share the download between
the other users
The file is downloaded/assembled on the shared computing cluster (local
The next time a user wants that file they are directed to access it from the
local cloud
Local cloud users might need another box that communicates with the local
cloud and operates like a NAS on their in-home router
Local clouds in a city, on out to the suburbs could be inter-connected by
line of site (optical)
The local cloud could offer authenticated services to allow integration for
The local cloud could also publish various data sets for consumption by
anonymous users like calendars

@_date: 2010-06-09 20:46:44
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Junto and a possible "social software stack" 
Excellent find, Sam.  Red5 has powered a number of solutions in the last
couple of years but this is by far the best maintained and documented that I
have seen.
On a list like this, with thousands of members, it seems to me that someday
we'll get together and sponsor one of these servers.  We can keep the
profits without ever spending them!

@_date: 2010-06-11 11:57:47
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] time for an overview of p2p funding schemes 
The Skype founders are funding 'disruptive' startups.

@_date: 2010-06-11 12:09:16
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Debugging our Code of Conduct (was: Junto and a 
A list of the steps would be good too!  I have found several pages on the
wiki that talk about "business models" and principles or characteristics of
one kind or another.  I am doing little bits here and there so that these
pages could be seen together as descriptive of a whole system of
characteristics for use in such a step by step outline.
Michel put in a lot of work on this page:
It links to characteristics like transparency, and could link to things like
I have read your mails before on the subject.  Tis particular message was
cross-posted from the [OK] list.  I should have said, more correctly, that
we 'keep profit by never creating it' but that doesn't have the same ring I
was looking for.
Yes.  I have seen a few entries on the wiki about profit.  Here is the main
This could do with some development, and additional perspectives, as well as
how it relates to other characteristics of a system that can withstand the
test of time while paying out returns as 'unitized' use value: server space

@_date: 2010-06-16 07:56:22
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Announce] IMMI proposal passed unanimously 
Such interesting times we live in!
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-06-16 09:12:16
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updated Business Models wiki section 
Great progress!
Cheers to all the folks who worked on the Open Business models sections.
 Those are entries to some of the riches treasures on the wiki.
There are a number of 'supporting concepts' that are linked out from these
pages, commonalities, that I hope folks can glance at when they get a
chance, like: transparency, replicability, and scale invariance.
These concepts are so new that even the wikipedia descriptions leave a lot
to be desired, and our pages offer more context and application examples
than wikipedia ever could.  I urge folks to try on the 'supporting concepts'
perspective, or whatever you want to call it, to see if our wiki pages are
robust enough for your taste.
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-06-16 11:18:11
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updated Business Models wiki section 
I was going to make this a couple weeks ago and I didn't because I was still
trying to figure out if such a thing existed.
I wrote a little bit about how these 'companion concepts' are different from
the 'resource collections' or research areas on the wiki.  I think of them
like the re-usable lego-blocks, multi-purpose, that support larger systems.
It's a messy start, but in the right direction, I hope.
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-06-16 17:28:07
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updated Business Models wiki section 
Perhaps wiki article/category/discussion structure?  How articles support
each other, and how best to add references to the site?

@_date: 2010-06-16 22:18:18
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updated Business Models wiki section 
Excellent points about sharing, Sam.  I had a brief discussion with Stefan
Meretz today about the vocabulary used in describing commons based models.
 I feel that this work around common characteristics of P2P systems can
somehow help us highlight the 'per model' similarities and differentials.
When you say that the unique aspect of each model is what can be shared I am
in definite agreement, and add that the particular sharing is also
indicative of that models particular relationship to one or more types of
In my earlier conversation with Stefan I was getting into semantics with the
word 'business' in the phrase 'commons based business model'.  I wouldn't
say that the workd 'business is necessarily particular helpful in describing
these operations, or that it is one of these important supporting concepts,
and yet our wiki doesn't yet have a way of helping folks to make a
connection between network rules, or protocol, and business.  I am hoping
that our efforts on the wiki will help to either find another word for
business or reclaim it while showing the work of that reclamation as open to
comment, whether those words are protocol, network rules, or something else.
I'm hoping that publishing his recent 'taxonomy of goods' to the wiki will
also help to bring out some of the commonalities and differences between
models at the level of 'commons-based'-whatever- in an effort to further
elaborate on these underlying concepts as support structures that are simply
remixed or emphasized in various ways when building up a model.
A note on process; I am collecting pages that explore the discussion around
classification of goods in the Thing Commons category.  This is related to
this discussion of concepts because, in one way of seeing it, each of the
Five Commons from the FF model is a distinct emphasis on or more concepts,
as opposed to and without diminishing, the others.

@_date: 2010-06-16 22:39:09
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updated Business Models wiki section 
take that as a criticism; I still can't find a better one, hence:
I keep thinking that business 'just' means a loose boundary around a set of
one or more operations, but I know that is not a normalized definition.
I agree.  I think it is a bit of sabotage to fork the business namespace
until we can all discuss, together, that we are building something that is
obviously Not a business and is clearly something else.  Perhaps that is
what Stefan was trying to say.  The fighter in me wants to say that what
most people call business is exploitation, and that this is an inappropriate
use of the word 'business.'  ;)

@_date: 2010-06-24 13:12:03
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Forward Foundation Communications and Projects? 
I was wondering if there's a way to get into the details of the
Forward Foundation's work and developments.
For example, is there work on a currency system happening?
What code is now in testing/deployment phase?
I'd love to learn more, and after looking through all the FF.org pages
I couldn't find a way to stay more current on developments or
contribute to testing.

@_date: 2010-06-24 16:59:39
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
For those who contend that this license does not serve their needs, I
wonder, is it possible that you might write a quick narrative that
shows how this license impinges on your needs?  A few sentences about
a scenario, say?
I write on the wiki with the intention of being able to consult or
implement solutions based on them, and I do this as a means of
enabling my fellows in the network.  I think I just don't know if this
causes a problem with selling 'the Work' as a book (to cover costs,
for example).  Is this the case?  That might, I suppose, be a bad
If I write on the wiki am I assigning all rights to the Foundation?
What if it is published on my site first?
On Thu, Jun 24, 2010 at 4:53 PM, j.martin.pedersen

@_date: 2010-06-25 12:25:54
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] commons graphic 
?
On Fri, Jun 25, 2010 at 12:20 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-06-25 12:30:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] commons graphic 
It is done.  I went to the [Category:Thing Commons] page and added
[Category:Commons] to it.
On Fri, Jun 25, 2010 at 12:26 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-06-25 13:25:39
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] commons graphic 
It's in 'the next 200'
On Fri, Jun 25, 2010 at 12:41 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-06-25 15:24:35
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] commons graphic 
The category module only shows 200 items per page.  It seems to sift
in a strange alphabetical order between sub pages and subcategories,
treating them as one large group of items.

@_date: 2010-06-26 11:08:44
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
Sam, or others,
Which license does this best in your eyes?  I agree with you, but I
don't have much information from anyone about which license does this

@_date: 2010-06-27 14:02:29
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p ficiton category in need of intro 
Updated: I would appreciate some feedback on the talk page there.
Notice also this page is part of a Multimedia directory:

@_date: 2010-06-27 14:21:21
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] challenging open "business" models 
Is it possible to find a way for other authors (like me and Dante, for
example) to add content to this page?
I bring it up because it says at the top "Entry from Samuel Rose".
There are a number of pages where a big concept like this seem to be
"owned" by one author, and I wonder how to add things in and "break it
up" a bit author-wise.
Any ideas?  Write on another page and link it?

@_date: 2010-06-28 16:47:21
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
I am not as clear on determination as you, Michel.
I do not yet see a case where the NC is getting any of our users what
they are looking for, though NC may position the Foundation should a
legal issue arise.
NC, it seems to me, is a way of protecting the Foundation, and
covering up (potentially) abuse or inappropriate "Fair Dealing" on the
Where users are pasting in large amounts of material from other
sources without submitting original content
Where there is no original "P2P Perspective" accompanying the pasted content
Where the content that is pasted is not pared down to what is required
to support an argument
Where content pasted in has no reference or source
NC would be convenient for protecting the Foundation in these cases.
But I see these cases as something to be avoided.  How do others feel
about that?
I just read through the Wikipedia license/copyright page at:
A few salient points:
Copyright is never transferred to Wikipedia
CC-BY-SA and GFDL (unversioned, with no invariant sections,
front-cover texts, or back-cover texts) or in the public domain, and
that this is greatly preferred to copyrighted media files used under
fair use or otherwise.
There are specific instructions for everyone posting materials about
how to figure out the licensing, or to give up copyright (even though
the copyright is not transferred to Wikipedia, it seems it must be
vacated in order to be relicensed"
The wiki is an open document so as to allow the community to edit
pages together. I have done my best to collect use cases for the wiki
on You can see them at the bottom.  Please feel free to add to them, or
to comment if you feel something is missing.
It seems to me that our needs are not unlike those of Wikipedia.  We
do need to insure that we are doing a fair bit of work to insure that
fair use and fair dealing are respected, and we do not, as it seems to
me, have any need of pushing out or inconveniencing collaborators with
a CC-BY-SA-NC license when a CC-BY-SA license will cover the needs
There are currently few articles on the wiki provided instructions for
end users.  There is very little instruction for users about how Fair
Dealing works, how the Foundation interprets it, or how and what the
community can do about it.  These would be a portion of forming a
community agreement between authors and the Foundation.  These are
important documents that might simply be re-published from the links
above, or linked to appropriately.
For those interested, the opinions of Andres and Carolina, who are IP
experts and friends of the Foundation, there comments have been
integrated into this page, as well as a list of needs, by users, for
which the license ought facilitate ease of use.
Does anyone have anything else to add to this discussion at this
point?  Are we missing anything?  Feel free to email directly if

@_date: 2010-06-29 11:31:55
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p ficiton category in need of intro 
If anyone is interested in commenting on the formatting of these types
of items please do feel free to markup
I am interested because I want to see the reviews we do as a way of
showing examples of the P2P Concepts we are working on together.  When
we reference material on the wiki from media articles we can really
hook into a lot of the random traffic that comes from these types of
On Mon, Jun 28, 2010 at 10:36 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-06-30 04:05:59
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Your Weekly Facebook Page Update 
You can make me an admin on it if you like and I can see what I can do about it.
After the blog upgrade ad migration we can see about getting the
twitter and FB buttons in there.

@_date: 2010-06-30 04:19:26
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Your Weekly Facebook Page Update 
How do I add other Page Admins?
To appoint other users as Page Admins, take the following steps:
Select the "Edit Page" option when you are viewing the Page you
currently administer.
Scroll down to the list of current admins on the bottom right column
and click "Add."
Choose the names of any people from your Friend List that you would
like to add as Admins. If the individual you wish to invite to admin
your Page is not presently a member of Facebook, simply type their
email address in the "Add Admins via Email" field. They can then
register for the site and will be able to accept the admin request as
soon as they join Facebook.
Click the "Add Admins" button.

@_date: 2010-06-30 12:34:59
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Your Weekly Facebook Page Update 
Hello P2P Foundation Facebook page admins!
For your markup pleasure:

@_date: 2010-06-30 13:52:30
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p ficiton category in need of intro 
When we actually add a section to a review or an article (that is a
link, for example) that says something like "P2P Concepts" and then
link a bunch of terms like 'Crowdsourcing' for example.  The idea is
that people might come to the wiki for a review of "For the Win" but
they see that there are links to other articles on the site.
I don't believe it's important to bring people to the site just so
they can read things that appear elsewhere.  I think it's important to
bring them so they can find a unique perspective on material and

@_date: 2010-06-30 14:20:34
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p ficiton category in need of intro 
I'm working towards a semantic system, yes.
In the mean time, though, most of the cut and pasted stuff isn't
linked to existing pages on the site.
For example,  a pasted in review by Kevin is great, but it's way way
better if all the keywords in it are linked to their respective pages
on the wiki.  Tat's specifically what I am talking about, for a
A semantic wiki is a bit more complex, and can wait.

@_date: 2010-03-01 15:22:00
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P, Basic Income, and Bankruptcy Law 
my survey work I have become convinced that networks of
people interrogating, sharing, and building towards a consensus on what
'basic quality of life' means is the answer to a lot of questions that
haven't been asked yet.

@_date: 2010-03-05 03:26:41
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] keiretsu coop model for publishing 
I just read that and it doesn't really hold my attention.  I made it through
it anyways.
In this paper the author goes over a number of facts about the decline of
what might be called 'centralized' publishing.  Newspapers, book publishers,
and magazine publishers are looking for new ways of building an maintaining
audiences while turning their attention to the possibilities the internet
has to offer.  On the other side, in this paper, are the 'bloggers' and
'twitterers' who are publishing.
The proposed cooperative publishing effort serves to provide a centralized
site where 'bloggers' can be published to the largest audience and receive
more notoriety as well as a potential income if there is money to be had.
This paper doesn't go into the ethics of content ownership in any meaningful
way, and it also doesn't really deal with the simple idea that large
centralized sites aren't important because Google search works really well.
The author spends a great deal of words explaining the environment and the
challenges to publishers, and uses a lot of bold type to enumerate the
potential gains to authors.  While those gains are probably enough to invite
folks into a publishing cooperative, I believe that the issues she doesn't
deal with, like content ownership, are at the very least a deciding factor
for participants in some way.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-03-10 20:48:35
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning]  Am I missing any commons? 
level, and the one just behind, and then the one just ahead.  3 levels.  I
try to file things like that.  I am always happy to hear of the highest
level, and I try to figure out how to get there, and I get frustrated that I
can't always get there.
outlook now.  The 'undepletable Commons' is very difficult for me, as a
concept.  I just wonder how to make sense of all this, for myself, and those
who come after me.
I have always liked the idea of a 'global quality of life index' to inform
perspective on the local and the global.
If a large force sought to overwhelm a local Commons democratically, then a
quality of life' argument would at least give some common ground for
discussion, and insure that the locals had ground to stand on.

@_date: 2010-03-12 09:40:35
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Daniel Araya questions institutionalization 
There is nothing to hold on to.  The center cannot hold.
Long live the URL!
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-03-22 12:01:00
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the issue with forking 
Sounds interesting.  An analysis of 'fork-ability' gets at the heart
of asymmetries in the capability of 'the governed.'
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-03-22 12:37:39
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the issue with forking 
I am working on a standard for sharing deliberative process on shared
business across/between websites to enable distributed decision making and
remote shared goals with consensus building.  Smari's Shadow Parliament in
Iceland needs to communicate with the Ministry of Ideas to move business
back and forth, and also to move it into the 'realpolitik' Parliament.
 Small groups need this kind fo thing even more.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.- Socrates

@_date: 2010-03-31 23:04:53
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A P2P Foundation milestone: breaking through to 
Can you share the details of the media interviews?  Send over some links and
we can repost.
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-03-31 23:26:56
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A P2P Foundation milestone: breaking through to 
============================== START ==============================
This article has what would be called an interview and a picture.
What was it like to be all alone there, Michel?
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-05-06 11:27:42
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
It says on that announcement that content export tools will be
available in July.
I am not sure if I am reading too much into this, though....perhaps
that is not actually being promised.
At any rate, whoever has admin ability should grab an export when it
becomes available.
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now
we all collapse.
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the
first and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new
world.? - Jared Diamond March 2010
On Wed, May 5, 2010 at 1:55 PM, Josef Davies-Coates

@_date: 2010-05-06 18:32:05
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urget request for Ning 
Good info, and I hope all the content can be included in the export.
On this note Richard, what features do you see as essential for the next phase?
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now
we all collapse.
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the
first and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new
world.? - Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-05-11 09:02:26
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the p2p approach utopian? 
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now
we all collapse.
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the
first and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new
world.? - Jared Diamond March 2010
It's important to 'tag' things at 'co-opted,' though, in my opinion.
The co-opted thing may still be useful, but it is co-opted.  It is
simply to say that a more useful, complex, and sublime position has
been discovered, and quite often the entry fee is quite a bit higher.

@_date: 2010-05-16 17:15:14
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Sniffing WiFi - OpenSource P2P Solutions 
Perhaps some of you saw the Google blog post or heard about it through
another outlet:
In the post Google says they did collect some "payload" data from Wifi
networks as they drove their GMap Street View cars around:
So how did this happen? Quite simply, it was a mistake. In 2006 an engineer
I wonder if this would have happened if they would have simply released the
code as open-source.  Then the world would have been looking it over since
2006 and the issue would have come up quite a bit sooner.
The fact that a commercial corporation is systematically doing something,
sniffing, that is possible for any suitably inclined individual to do is not
what bothers me.  Instead, I am wondering about other ways a P2P solution
could have been brought into play.  It is the fact that it was done without
any peer oversight that bothers me.
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we all
The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the first
and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new world.? -
Jared Diamond March 2010

@_date: 2010-05-24 16:58:12
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation Wiki Categorization 
Hello all,
In recent months I have been more editing on the wiki.  It's not much, but
the little bit i am doing is an effort to connect "Commons Based Businesses"
to each other, and to encourage new users to make regular updates to the
wiki about their projects.
In an effort to aid these individuals and groups in staying connected I have
been looking at the details for the "Category" extension that allows us to
categorize pages on the wiki.
I have added some simplified documentation to the wiki's help page:
For those unfamiliar with this powerful feature here are a few details:
Here is an example "Category Page" for the subject of the "Commons" on the
If you use this link you can also see, just below key resources, that there
is also a section for subcategories.
Again, the link to the docs:
Category tags look like this:
A subcategory turns a category into a subcategory.To make a subcategory:
   1. Add a subcategory to your page. This uses the same syntax as above
   2. Submit your new page, and then visit the link at the bottom for your
   subcategory.
   3. Edit the new subcategory page, adding this page to the master category
   of your choice.
   4. Submit the page.
   5. if you are successful you will see a new section called
   "Subcategories" on the page.
As many are already doing I use my blog to quip on the personal and specific
implementations of projects, and then attempt to place generalized,
re-usable information on the wiki.

@_date: 2010-05-28 15:45:49
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Matt Cooperrider sent you a message on 
What you?re seeing above is VillageTelco?s Mesh
We?re thrilled to announce that this month?s Awesome Fellowship from Boston
Specifically, the plan is to get the mesh potato to work with mobile
The entire thing will be prototyped over Android, and step-by-step
If you?re around Boston, we?ll also be holding a demonstration of the

@_date: 2010-05-30 19:10:28
@_author: Alex Rollin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] babysitting coop request 
Neat.  I made a page int he wiki to pull together a number of references.
 Things like reputation, sharing, and social currencies.
Time banks are great for babysitting coops.
