
@_date: 2009-08-19 12:53:07
@_author: Bas Reus 
@_subject: [p2p-research] About the concept of holoptism etc. 
Hi all,
Interesting questions Juhana.
I'm currently doing research about self-organization and online
collaborative spaces (
Roughly, my research question is "How to support self-organization in
organizations, and how to imbed online collaborative spaces in those
organizations to empower employees for self-organization?", and mention
topics as stigmergy, swarm-intelligence, organizational forms, autopoiesis
and the like.
Are your questions still relevant? If not, can you update them?
Bas Reus

@_date: 2009-06-10 12:25:12
@_author: Bas Reus 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Self-organizing principles 
Hi all. I agree on starting a blogpost. I am thinking of the following post,
please review. Thanks in advance.
"*What about communication?*
This above question I asked myself after reading two very inspiring pieces
of work. The first is the PhD. of Mark Elliott, 'Stigmergic Collaboration. A
Theoretical Framework for Mass Collaboration'. The second is a paper from
Paul B. Hartzog, 'The Autocatalysis of Social Systems and the Emergence of
Paul argues that every act of communication is also an act of coordination.
In order to communicate, both agents involved have to agree on the way
communication works, which language is being used. But how do you agree
without communication? Communication seems to be interrelated to
Mark argues that stigmergy is a form of self-organizing, without the need
for any communication. This should resolve the coordination paradox. Because
agents leave traces in the system, other agents can act on them. This
indirect form of communication is not directly addressed to anyone, but the
one that notices the trace can act upon it. But how does coordination work
The interesting part is that it seems there are some different approaches.
Paul is talking about direct communication, while Mark talks about indirect
communication. But coordination is always needed. And communication is
always happening. Can stigmergy be the autocatalyst for communication? But
how is communication being agreed upon? Please let us know your opinion.
So why am I discussing this? Currently I am starting to research
self-organization as the new dominant form of organization, and how online
collaborative spaces can play a role there. Very much related to digital
stigmergy, communication and coordination."
2009/5/29 Mark Elliott

@_date: 2009-06-10 16:14:57
@_author: Bas Reus 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Self-organizing principles 
Tx Michel. I can elaborate some more on my motivations and give some
"*What about communication?*
This above question I asked myself after reading two very inspiring pieces
of work. The first is the PhD. of Mark Elliott, 'Stigmergic Collaboration. A
Theoretical Framework for Mass Collaboration'. The second is a paper from
Paul B. Hartzog, 'The Autocatalysis of Social Systems and the Emergence of
Paul argues that every act of communication is also an act of coordination.
In order to communicate, both agents involved have to agree on the way
communication works, which language is being used. But how do you agree
without communication? Communication seems to be interrelated to
Mark argues that stigmergy is a form of self-organizing, without the need
for any communication. This should resolve the coordination paradox. Because
agents leave traces in the system, other agents can act on them. This
indirect form of communication is not directly addressed to anyone, but the
one that notices the trace can act upon it. But how does coordination work
The interesting part is that it seems there are some different approaches.
Paul is talking about direct communication, while Mark talks about indirect
communication. But coordination is always needed. And communication is
always happening. Can stigmergy be the autocatalyst for communication? But
how is communication being agreed upon? Please let us know your opinion.
So why am I discussing this? Currently I am starting to research
self-organization as the new dominant form of organization, and how online
collaborative spaces can play a role there. Very much related to digital
stigmergy, communication and coordination. The goal of this research is to
help organizations, or, better, employees of organizations, how to
participate in self-organized groups or online collaborative spaces.
Participating starts by giving tools to employees to empower them, and to
identify socially interesting online spaces where they can collaborate and
*Self-organization and online collaborative spaces*
Social structures are changing. Now we are more connected than we ever were,
and this connectivity between humans will grow further and further. At the
same time, people are spending more time participating more online. The
Internet enables us to participate more globally, which changes the way we
communicate and cooperate.
By using the Internet, people leave traces by posting comments, having their
visits being logged, writing articles, updating Twitter and Facebook
statuses, etc. By doing this, the Internet as complex environment or system
changes. These changes caused by humans influences behaviour of other
humans. For example, articles on Wikipedia are created and getting better
because people create articles and make changes to them. Even all changes
are recorded and can be seen by anyone. Most of the time, these actions are
uncoordinated, but stimulates a subsequent action. Direct communication is
often not necessary. This phenomenon is also known as stigmergy, which is a
mechanism of spontaneous, indirect coordination between agents or actions,
where the trace left in the environment by an action stimulates the
performance of a subsequent action, by the same or a different agent.
Stigmergy is a form of self-organization. Because people are more and more
connected, and make use of a shared environment, self-organization is
happening more and more. People connect through social networks, and
organize themselves without any formal contract. Contracts are at most
social contracts, for example when people are striving the same goal.
Actions and participations are not obligatory, but voluntary. This is very
different from the most contracts that exist in most current organizations.
People are free to contribute and produce, while their actions are judged by
their peers a posteriori.
People working together to produce goods and services through
self-organization resembles a new, third, mode of production, which is
called (commons-based) peer-production (Benkler, 2002). The central mode of
coordination is neither command (as it is inside the firm) nor price (as it
is in the market) but self-assigned volunteer contributions to a common pool
of resources. On the Internet, producing and coordination costs are very
low. Producing, or reproducing, digital goods have almost no transaction
costs, and because of stigmergy, coordination costs are very low as well.
Motivations for people to use the Internet to consume and produce are both
market-based and social. Most people have to make a living, but are spending
time online as well for maintaining social relationships. Combinations of
the two are seen as well, and in both directions. People peer-produce while
not being paid, but hoping to be noticed by companies that will hire them
(or get credit). On the other hand, companies pay people by contributing to
open-source projects, because they use these products. Individual people are
peer-producing for both reasons at the same time, and for different
projects. Their social interests can differ from their professional. These
characteristics can be seen as an eco-system where people peer-produce for
both motivations, and theoretically can switch very easy from one system to
another, and from one project to another.
The enabler for these self-organizing of people is the Internet. More and
more tools are being created to be used online that amplify the
possibilities to self-organize and peer-produce. Tools are getting more and
more mature and make it more and more easy and inviting for people to
participate. These self-organized groups are very knowledgeable, which makes
these groups very powerful. Power is shifting from classic hi?rarchical
top-down organizations to decentralized bottom-up organized networks.
Organizations need to adapt to the change of social structures and
distribution of power. By starting to recognize that new organizational
forms exist and have the right to exist, classic organizations can adapt to,
co-exist with and co-operate with the decentralized self-organized groups.
Trying to fight or ignore their existance and the value they have and
produce will exclude companies from these groups, which is no good for them.
Opening up by participating and collaboration is a better strategy. Many
companies already do this, but it would be better to adapt to fit these
existing groups more. Companies who empower their employees to speak about
their company and to collaborate with self-organized groups outside their
company are seen as more authentic and are accepted easier in those groups."
2009/6/10 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-05-19 17:17:13
@_author: Bas Reus 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Self-organizing principles 
All, this is a repost of a topic started at Please advice.
P2P friends, here a topic on self-organizing. Currently I am trying to
define this theme by making a list of themes that overlap self-organizing
somewhere, and help to define the theme seen from an online collaborative
point of view.
Self-organizing to me can be a system that is highly adaptive, flexible and
'bottom-up'. When seen from an online collaborative point of view I tend to
think of empowerment and rules of engagement.
Of course Wikipedia can be seen as a self-organizing system where online
collaboration is taking place. This is a great example that we all know. But
what can be learnt from that? How did it become what it is today? Is it
because of self-organizing, or where there some rules agreed upon that made
it happen?
I'd like to be inspired by your thougths on this subject.
Thanks, Bas.
Original topic:
I already got some inspiration from Michel, on some available research and

@_date: 2009-05-25 10:30:17
@_author: Bas Reus 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Self-organizing principles 
Hi Mark, Paul, et al.,
Thank you very much for your responses so far.
 I read your abstract and some other pieces of your PhD. Very
 I read the PDF you attached, very inspiring as well.
These pieces of work will definately move me to the right directions.
Reading the material, I note some differences that cannot be both true, at
least in some way. In the PDF Paul sent, you argue that every act of
communication is also an act of coordination, while Mark argues that
stigmergy is a form of self-organizing, without the need for any
What are your thoughts about this? Of course, this conclusion can be rather
rough and lacks some theoretical fundaments, but this is a differnce I
Very happy to discuss further as well, as this moves me to the rights
directions. Digital stigmergy in the form of mass collaboration, with some
rules of engagement set a priori to spark a autopoietic solution might just
be the way to go for me. But I'm very open for more suggestions.
Kind regards,
2009/5/22 Mark Elliott
