
@_date: 2008-08-26 16:35:19
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] new crowdsourcing book is out 
I very much agree with you. Great post!
Best regards

@_date: 2008-10-05 14:42:52
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
I second that. This list is very interesting to read, but it would be far
*far* FAR easier to follow if everybody would try to trim the noise.
Stefan Meretz has written a nice little mail about how to do it right:
 .
Best regards

@_date: 2009-04-30 12:10:10
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
Hi marc, Michel, all,
I would like to contribute, but I think the 10% fee taken off by Fundable is
outrageous. Is there a way to contribute without this absurd surcharge?
Best regards

@_date: 2009-04-30 13:30:42
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
Michel, if you give me your Paypad details I'll donate a (small -- don't
have a regular income at the moment) amount directly.
Everybody who has a Paypal account or credit card can pay through Fundable,
and everybody who has a credit card can pay through Paypal, so I don't see
what is the advantage of Fundable in this case.
If some people prefer Fundable over Paypal for whatever reasons, we could
first make a public call for Paypal donations and then start a new Fundable
collection for the rest. If we get 120$ through Paypal and 120$ through
Fundable, we have already reduced the fee by half.
As I understand it, Fundable collections that don't close successfully don't
cost anything, so we could just tear down the current one and open up a new,
smaller one, without any problems.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-08-12 15:46:38
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
Hi Michel, all,
it took me some time, but I've published an article about the reopening and
recreation of the commons in the Keimform blog:
Michel, feel free to republish or feature it in your blog, if you like.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-08-12 17:01:09
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
You mean the signature.asc? It's an OpenPGP signature, proving that the mail
has really been written by me. See
 or
 If you want to use crypto
software for your mail, googling for "pgp" or "gnupg" and your mail client
should usually bring something up. I use the Enigmail
 extension for Thunderbird.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-08-15 13:01:12
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
Hi Michel, all,
Open manufacturing has the effect of reducing our dependency on markets,
just like free software. Proprietary hardware I can only buy from the
manufacturer, there are no other options. But open source hardware I can buy
from the original manufacturer, or I can ask an independent on-demand
manufacturer to produce it, or can built it myself, alone or with friends or
other interested parties -- the latter becomes realistic especially as
decentralized free production places such as Fab Labs become available. As
for inputs, as long as they aren't shared as commons (which would be
preferable), there are still various options to get them: buy them, have
someone donate them to you, steal them, recycle them from waste, find them
(e.g. in the garbage), whatever...
Clearly, open manufacturing alone does not make us completely independent
from the market, but it's a start.
What makes you think so? I certainly don't.
That doesn't look like a bank, but rather like a way to get distributed
venture capital. If it works for the people and projects involved, why not?
Why should I be against it?
Of course, any money-based approach still has the problem that people who
don't have the money can't get the products. That's inevitable, but as long
as there are other options (e.g. produce the stuff yourself for [almost]
free in a Fab Lab, or at least find some independent manufacturer who might
make it cheaper), it's not so bad.
As long as the desire/necessity to make money doesn't hurt the freedom of
other potential manufacturers and users (e.g. by the open hardware project
deliberately withholding information that is necessary for others to produce
copies of the same quality), it's fine with me.
If something is a good think (and OM certainly is), it's always helpful to
improve the conditions for it. So, provided that something really helps,
I'm all for it.
Best regards
        Christian

@_date: 2009-08-17 15:54:25
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Top Posting - Cardinal Sin 
I can accept anything, but I find inline-quoted mails much nicer to read.
One reason is explained below in my sig, another reason is given at the
beginning of this mail:
Note that it's not just a matter of "top" vs. "bottom" quoting, much more
important is to *trim* the quoted mails, leaving in only the lines to which
you're replying. That makes it much easier to the reader to find out which
context you're actually referring to.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-12-08 19:39:26
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?keimform=2Ede=3A_The_Tricky_Business_of_?= 
[For links, see the web version:
 ]
It?s probably safe to say that the copyleft principle has been essential
for the success of free software. Copyleft means that all versions of a
software or document will remain free, preventing companies from creating
?value-added? versions of free programs and selling them as proprietary,
non-free software. The GNU General Public License (GPL)?the first and most
well-known incorporation of the copyleft principle?is used for about 50?70%
of all free programs, making it more popular than all other free software
licenses together.
At first sight, the situation in the newly emerging field of free and open
hardware might seem similar?here, copyleft licenses such as the GPL and the
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License (BY-SA) are very popular
too (see below for a more detailed analysis). But actually, the situation
is very different for hardware design, since copyleft relies on copyright,
and hardware is (in most cases) not protected by copyright law.
The Problem: Copyleft Depends on Copyright
I know of only one license that is specifically targeted at open hardware
and tries to work around this issue by relying not only on copyright, but
also on a mutual patent immunity clause: the TAPR Open Hardware License,
published in May 2007 (Version 1.0). The idea is that the licensor grants
everybody who complies with the terms of the license the right to use any
relevant patents they control. So if you don?t comply (e.g. by not
publishing the ?source? for physical products you build based on the
licensed information), you might get sued by the licensor for patent
violation, but if you comply you?re safe.
TAPR has published two versions of the license: the Open Hardware License
(OHL), which emulates standard copyleft (like the GPL or CC BY-SA), and the
TAPR Noncommercial Hardware License (NCL), which additionally prohibits
commercial usage (like the CC BY-NC-SA).
Relying on patent law instead of copyright law for hardware makes sense,
since patent law is made for hardware, while copyright law is made for
information. But it?s also a problem, since getting a patent is a difficult
and costly process, while getting copyright is free and automatic.
The TAPR licenses will only be really effective if the licensor possesses
relevant patents, or at least if people can?t be entirely sure that (s)he
doesn?t have any such patents. That?s a pretty bad limitation, since
patents are difficult and expensive to get. Most peer projects will be
unable or unwilling to apply for a patent, so the TAPR licenses will hardly
be suitable for them.
Another unrelated problem of the TAPR licenses is that they require you to
distribute the original designs you?ve received from others in addition to
your own modified version?you must distribute both ?before? and ?after?
versions of any files you?ve modified (? 4.2 (b)). This might be extremely
impractical for large version histories (think of hundreds or thousands of
versions), and it makes the creation of printed versions of modified
hardware documentation practically impossible. It?s also unclear what?s the
point of this requirement.
Pragmatic Solutions: Just Use Standard Copyleft?Or No Copyleft Altogether

@_date: 2009-02-01 10:09:59
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] All Work is Created Equal 
Hm, measuring (human) work in joule is a bit like measuring energy in meters
or feet, isn't it?
Best regards

@_date: 2009-02-02 16:40:27
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
Nice initiative!
Actually, the Labor Theory of Value, as first formulated by Adam Smith and
Ricardo and later refined by Marx, is not normative, but descriptive: it
describes the basics of price formation in capitalism. Of course, the value
of goods is only their *average* price--actual prices will usually be
somewhat below or above the average because of fluctuations in supply and
demand etc.
Also, what Smith and Ricardo didn't know but Marx found out (described in
vol. 3 of Capital) that there is a further systematic distortion between
value and average price that assures that the average rate of profit will be
about the same in all sectors (assuming free competition). However, that's
only a modification (which follows from the fact the ratios in which
present, living labor -- performed by workers --, and past labor -- embodied
in machines and such are different in different sectors) of the price
building mechanism, which is still basically derived from the labor required
to produce different goods.
On the contrary, the main reason that drives capitalistic competition is the
fact that you (as a capitalist/company) can outperform your competition by
reducing the value of your products, which allows you to sell at a lower
price (thus enlarging your market share) and still make a higher (or equally
high) profit per product. The LTV explains why capitalism relies so strongly
on automation and technical innovations that reduce the necessary labor.
This seems to be a useful, very detailed discussion of the LTV:
Best regards

@_date: 2009-02-06 22:18:35
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
That's true, but if that's your ideal, it's not much different from what
things are now, since in most areas, the barriers of entry are sufficiently
weak to make the actual prices quite similar to the "fair price", as you
call it.
The problem with capitalism isn't that prices are "unfair"--most prices
aren't. There are other problems. First, production only takes place if
there is _profit._ The goal of all capitalist production is to make profit,
i.e. to turn money into more money. So, in order to get the things you need,
you have to convince some capitalist that they need you, i.e. that employing
you allows them to make more profit than they would make otherwise. But
capitalists only need a limited number of personnel, much less than there
are people on Earth, so that's the big hurdle which most people fail to
overcome (when speaking on a global scale).
A second problem is that, as a worker, you don't sell the results of your
labor, you sell your _labor power_ (workers, or would-be workers, are people
who don't have anything to sell than their labor power--most people
haven't). The deal by selling your labor power is: you get paid the value of
your labor power (NOT the value of your labor--labor doesn't _have_ value,
it _produces_ values), and the value of your labor power is what you need in
order to survive (according to your local community standard of living). In
return, you have to give your full labor power (according to the local
standard for the length of they work day/week, say, 8 hours a day/40 hours a
week). If the production of the goods you need for your standard of living
takes 20 hours a week, you still have to work 40 hours--the other 20 hours
are the "surplus"--they go to the capitalist, become their profit and are,
in fact, the only reason why they employed you in the first place.
So the problem isn't unfair prices, it's the fact that people have to sell
their labor power, because they don't have anything else to sell. And this
situation will necessarily arise in a market system (even in a fictitious
scenario where initially everybody had some means to production--inevitable,
some people would go bankrupt and again have only their labor power to sell).
Capital doesn't not create value, only labor does. Money doesn't turn itself
into more money by itself (you could send a dollar to the moon and leave it
there for 100 years to find out whether money can multiply by itself).
Rather, capital only allows to get "income without laboring" because it
gives you the means to employ other people's work. It's their surplus labor
which pays your income.
LTV is only meant to work for situations where people trade their work, or
the results of their work. If everybody had a personal manufacturing device
catering for all her/his needs, trade would no longer be necessary, and
value would no longer exist. That's a rather fancy scenario, but their are
other, more realistic scenarios that make value, and trading, superfluous.
For example, when people employ commons-based peer production
 to jointly
produce what they need, so they don't have to trade and sell their labor
power. I've written about that in my book, "From Exchange to Contributions"
Best regards

@_date: 2009-02-23 13:51:30
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
The power of Marx argument is that he demonstrates that all the detrimental
effects of capitalism actually do occur regardless of unequal exchanges,
i.e. _even if all exchanges are equal and "fair"_. Hence, you can demand as
much as you like that all exchanges should be equal, you might even
completely realize that goal -- it won't make a difference. All the
detrimental results of capitalism (social inequality continually rising;
most people either having to work very much or live in poverty; competition
preventing interoperability and the free sharing of innovation; the need for
endless growth destroying Earth and people; etc.) will remain in place.
As for exploitation (Marx uses that word in a purely *technical* sense, not
in the *moral* sense as it is commonly understood), that's a different
matter. Exploitation results from the simple fact that capitalists can hire
people's labor power, and that the value produced by a worker is usually
higher than the value of her labor power.
Exploitation will usually only be possible if some people are *forced* to
sell their labor power because they have nothing only to sell. If they had
some means of production, it would usually make more sense for them to
employ these means and sell the *results of their labor*, rather than
selling their *labor power*, since in that way they can realize the full
value produced by their labor, not just the value of their labor power. But
the fact that there are people who have nothing except their labor power to
sell ("workers"), is an the inevitable outcome of any system based on trade
Hence you can't, as Marx shows, have it both ways: you can have trade (e.g.
"free trade") _and_ exploitation, or you can stop trading and end
exploitation. (The latter option requires that we regard the means of
production as commons and that we jointly, more or less loosely coordinated,
produce what we need and distribute it among ourselves--as is already the
case in commons-based peer production.) The choice is yours (ours), but it's
a choice you (we) have to make.
The historical analysis you mention (I agree that it is brilliant) is
actually quite short, is comprises only chap. 24 (on the "so-called
primitive accumulation") of vol. 1. Marx always separates logical analysis
and historical developments--the rest of vol. 1, and most chapters of vol.
2+3, are dedicated to the logical analysis of the operations of capitalism,
where he shows that the division of most of humanity into two classes
("capitalists" who jointly control the means of production, and "workers"
who don't) is the inevitable outcome of market exchange (trade). So Engels
only confirms what Marx already demonstrates, with powerful arguments, in
his analysis of Capital.
True--but how exactly can you avoid the possibility of bankruptcies and
other personal failures that would leave a person with nothing except her
labor power to sell, if, on the other hand, you want "free trade"?
Best regards

@_date: 2009-02-25 15:17:38
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
Yes, they would trade, and initially their trading wouldn't be capitalistic,
since labor is not available for hire. But assuming that trade/exchange is
their primary way of organizing production, capitalism would ultimately
result, since some of the producers would go bankrupt, they would lose their
direct access to the means of production and be forced to sell their labor
power. If none of the other producers is rich enough to hire them, they
would be unlucky and starve (or be forced to turn to other ways of survival
such as robbery/thievery, prostitution, or begging--which is what we also
saw as a large-scale phenomenon with the emergence of capitalism, and which
we still see in so-called developing countries where there is not enough
capital to hire all or most of the available labor power). But if there are
other producers/people would *can* hire them, the seed of capitalism with
it's capitalist/worker divide is laid.
Of course, the emerging class of capitalists won't be just passive
bystanders watching this process happen. Since they need a sufficiently
large labor force, and since independent producers are unwanted competition
for them, they'll actively try to turn the latter into the former. Means for
doing so are enclosure/privatization laws that deprive the independent
producers of their means of productions, technical progress that makes it
harder for them to compete (esp. if expensive machines are required which
they simple lack the money to buy), other laws that increase the overhead
for independent producers (e.g. high bookkeeping requirements), creation of
big sales points that non-capitalist producers don't have access to
(department stores etc.), simple overproduction that drives small-scale
producers (who can't stand huge losses) out of the market, etc. But even if
they were passive bystanders (which is an unrealistic assumption), the
conversion of independent producers into workers forced to sell their labor
power would still take place through the simple laws of the market, which
cause some producers to fail and go bankrupt.
So whenever you start with trade as the primary way of production, you'll
sooner or later end up with capitalism. It's not a contradiction, it's a
Yes, and he also says that trade (as the primary way of production) would
necessarily cause this expropriation (see above). That's why he could knew,
with absolute certainty, that a post-capitalist way of production (which he
denoted as "communism") would *not* be based on trade (or at least not
primarly). If it *was* based on trade, it would inevitable revert to
capitalism, and so it wouldn't be "post-capitalist" after all.
Yes, but these markets were never the primary way of organizing production.
Markets played only a minor rule for the exchange of surplus produce and
some specialized items (e.g. luxury goods), people didn't depend on them for
their survival.
There has never been a society where production was organized *primarily*
through markets/trade/exchange, and which wasn't capitalistic (or turned
into capitalism quickly enough). Marx shows that the non-existence of such
societies is not just a historical coincidence, but a logical necessity.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-07-17 11:07:55
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Poor you. It must be very sad to live a life where profit seems to be the
only source of pleasure, enjoyment, and inspiration...
Best regards

@_date: 2009-07-18 11:23:29
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Indeed, and once upon a time, most people would have agreed that the Earth
is flat. What exactly follows from that?
BTW, I don't doubt that, in our society, "profit greatly enhances global
productivity." But I do doubt that a world without profit would be a "very
unproductive" one, an assertion which relies on the implicit claim that
there are no other important reasons for keeping productivity high and for
Who said so? I certainly didn't... I've merely challenged your assumption
that, without profit, people would be unproductive, bored, and depressed.
Just look at what makes people produce and come up with innovations, and
look at the sources of fun, satisfaction, and happiness, and you'll find
sufficient counter-examples.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-04 14:05:56
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
Hi Alex, all,
thanks for sharing your insights into production models based on a common
pool, which I found very inspiring! I would agree with Michel's observation
that profit maximization can easily come into conflict with the goals of
providing use value and contributing to a common pool. Hence I think such a
cooperative organization as you propose might operate better on a non-profit
Otherwise I think that such common-pool models can indeed be an important
step on a way to a commons-based society such as I describe. I've talked a
bit about how such a transformation might occur in my Oekonux talk
, and I plan to expand to that topic in
the future--in that context, I'll definitively get back to your ideas!
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-04 14:23:11
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
Hi Michel,
I'll write something up for the Keimform blog which you can publish in the
P2P blog as well--I'll let you know when it's done.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-10 16:13:24
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Your're ignoring my work:  I presume
you didn't read it?
Also, reliance on markets means that millions of children die of hunger each
year, even though enough food is produced for all, and that millions of
people die each year because they can't afford to pay for the medicine that
would save them.
Taking these facts into account, I find it impossible to consider market
allocation a sensible system. Maybe that makes me a "crank", but I'll rather
be a crank than a cynic...
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-10 18:39:01
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
And how many of them, do you think, are seriously and unprejudiced
considering non-market-based solutions as alternatives to the market and/or
state-based solutions? 100%? 50%? 10%? The figure would be closer to 0%, I
suppose. And if you've already accepted thinking inside the box, then of
course you'll never come up with outside-the-box solutions.
I don't think it's a surprise that all the non-market-based production
models that we already have -- free software, Wikipedia, wireless community
networks, hacker spaces, Couchsurfing, you name it... -- were NOT developed
by highly paid economists and related professionals, but by people who
didn't simply swallow the collective wisdom of the day of how software was
created or an encyclopedia was written.
Do you think Galileo would have made and expressed his discoveries if he had
been paid by the Catholic church?
That's very true, and fortunately such communities, who haven't just
internalized the standard wisdom of the day, exist. They are, for example,
the German (through now also English) keimform.de Blog, where my own work
originated, Oekonux, The Commoner magazine and indeed parts of the commons
research community, parts of this mailing list, the openmanufacturing list,
and so on. It's a small community, but it exists, and it is growing.
You should be happy that it exists and encourage it, rather than trying to
convince it that it should just give up...
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-11 21:54:27
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Hi Stan, all,
Yes, I know. Some people (like you) say it's like a market; some say it
isn't a market but would evolve into one; some say isn't not a market but
could never possible work; some say it could work in theory but is
impossible to reach from where we're now; some (in German) even said it's
like the classical "socialist" planned economies; some are happy with it.
That's one of the reasons why I think that I'm really describing something
new*: people can't agree in which way to dismiss it ;-)
*Actually, it's not new and I don't claim it to be -- the commons- and
pool-based mode of production which I describe is in many ways quite old,
probably as old as humanity itself. But it has been almost entirely
forgotten -- that much is changing, however.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-17 22:07:57
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
No, that's not what I mean. (Though I've heard some anecdotal evidence of
effort weighting between people sharing an apartment -- when housekeeping
tasks are divided up, those that agree to do an ugly tasks might may less to
do than the others.)
What I meant when talk about a "commons- and pool-based mode of production"
is that resources and means of production are commons (that belong to the
community as a whole, not to any particular individual or group of
individuals) and that tasks as well as output are divided up, either
formally or informally. That was probably the case in many hunter-gatherer
societies--what you call "communal shareholding," I believe.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-22 10:44:34
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Now I'm surprised. How come you classify "conventional Neo-Marxism"
(whatever that may be) as "anti-materialist"? Marx' theory is one of the
most explicitly and outspokenly *materialist* theories ever developed...
Well, I can't help but noting that the only one who prescribes what
*should,* dogmatically, be allowed and not allowed when discussing about
peer production, is *you.*
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-22 17:33:13
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
In the long run, making programs free is a step toward the
    post-scarcity world, where nobody will have to work very hard just to
    make a living. People will be free to devote themselves to activities
    that are fun, such as programming, after spending the necessary ten
    hours a week on required tasks such as legislation, family counseling,
    robot repair and asteroid prospecting. There will be no need to be able
    to make a living from programming.
        -- Richard Stallman, The GNU Manifesto, 1985
The idea that we haven't yet reached the best of all possible worlds, that
scarcity and want aren't necessarily eternal and unchangeable constraints of
the human condition, and hence, that money and similar want-management
mechanisms may someday become superfluous, isn't something foreign to the
concept of peer production that had to be imported from the outside. It was
there from the very start.
I'll refrain from further comments.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-06-29 18:26:48
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Hi Dmytri,
(sorry for the delay--I was traveling, among other things.)
Stan didn't pose a question, he made a statement. But if you want to
reframe it as a question, no problem.
Markets are based on private, uncoordinated production using privately
owned means of production, whose output is afterwards exchanged.
In the peer economy model, production is not private but social from the
very start: Since the tasks necessary to satisfy peoples wishes are shared
(divided up), producers always know that they are meeting an existing need,
that there will be somebody who will use their products.
In the peer economy model, resources and means of production are commons.
They may be used by projects (i.e. they become possession--something that is
used), but they are never privately owned by anybody: nobody has the right
or the effective means to sell them or withhold them until the others
fulfill one's conditions. (Owners of resources and means of production have
the means of backmail non-owners--that's never the case in peer production.)
So these, I think, are the fundamental differences between markets and the
commons-based peer economy: production is social from the very start since
tasks are shared; and production is based on commons, not on private
There are, of course, other important differences such as that, in a peer
economy, nobody would need to suffer hunger or other basic wants due to
being unable to successfully sell anything. But these differences actually
follow from the differences outlined above, between sharing tasks (where
there is a bit to do for everybody) and selling/exchanging stuff, as well as
between private, exclusion-based access to resources and means of production
vs. common, inclusion-based access.
Best regards
        Christian

@_date: 2009-06-29 18:35:08
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Well, in a sense my own model contains many transitional elements, such as
the mechanisms for distributing unwanted tasks (task weighting) and limited
resources (resource auctioning). These elements may prove unnecessary over
time when automation and stigmergetic self-organization become sufficient
for task sharing and when more efficient and responsible usage facilitates
the allocation of limited resources.
Of course, these can only be elements of a second transitional phase, since
the model I describe already assumes that all areas of life are based on
the principles of commons-based peer production, where the need to earn
money no longer exists. We certainly need other transitional steps until
we'll get there.
It's an important topic, about which I talked a bit during the second part
of my Oekonux 4 talk, and about which I want to think and write and
discourse much more in the future.
It will certainly need to co-exist with the market, and its important to
think about (and experiment with) how that can happen in a way that doesn't
hurt the logic of peer production too much.
About "equitable" I don't know -- in some ways, the market is already quite
equitable in the sense that markets tend to equivalent exchange whenever
free competition exists; in another sense, markets can *never* be equitable
since markets are based on private property which by definition will always
be distributed unequally. A market without private property cannot possibly
exist, so equitable markets in the second, deeper sense are impossible.
Therefore I think it makes much more sense to find out how we co-exist with
the really existing market (and at the same time find the ways to overcome
it), rather than dreaming about a market which doesn't and cannot exist.
Best regards
        Christian

@_date: 2009-03-01 12:47:30
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
Hi Michel, hi all,
yes, it's as you say: in those cases trading wasn't the main mode of
organizing production, but subsumed, i.e. secondary to a different, primary
mode of production (which was based on subsistence and/or on dependency
relations, e.g. between feudal masters and serfs). That's just what I
said--trade will only evolve into capitalism if it's the primary mode of
organizing production.
Why do you think that tendency towards infinite growth results from the
monetary and financial system? Accumulation, i.e. turning money into more
money, is the main driving force of any capitalist enterprise--it's the
necessary tendency of capitalism to strive for infinite growth, because all
participating capitalists/enterprises want to multiply their money as much
as possible. The monetary and financial system is secondary to that--it's
the result of capitalism's strive for infinite growth, not the cause of it.
Hm, what purpose are you trying to achieve here? I think one of the biggest
problems of capitalism which we have to solve if we want a better future is
*exploitation* (in the technical sense I explained): the fact that some
people can exploit other people's labor power, getting richer and richer
over time, while the others stay relatively poor and powerless, and those
that don't find somebody to exploit them are even worse of.
But exploitation is not a result of money (per se), it results from the fact
that some people have to sell their labor power, while others are in a
position to buy it. So I don't see how changing the way in which is money is
supposed to work could help us solve this problem--either the "modified
money" still allows the buying and selling of labor power, then the problem
remains open and unsolved.
Or the "modified money" makes the buying and selling of labor power not only
impossible, but actually unnecessary--meaning that people can lead rich and
fulfilled lives without having to do so. But then it would differ so
radically from money-as-we-know-it that I don't think the term "money" could
still be meaningfully used.
So I don't see how changing money could help us. We need a deeper change, a
change in the way production itself is organized--that entails the
abolishment of money-as-we-know-it, but it doesn't stop there.
My peerconomy  proposal is, of course, about how
such a non-exploitative mode of production might work, and I think that
fostering, deepening, and extending current commons-based peer production
practices is the most promising way to go there. (Including all the amazing
things about open manufacturing and physical peer production discusses in
the openmanufacturing group).
Best regards

@_date: 2009-03-15 16:05:59
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
Hi Michel and all,
Why do you think they're insufficient?
I don't see why local connections should be generally better than global
connections; and for affinity communities: how much "affinity" is there, if
they still need money in their internal relationships?
As for "equitable trading": I already tried to explain why trading/exchange
itself is the problem, regardless of whether or not it's equitable (reposted
). "Equitable trading" is like a "light case of cholera": it's better than a
"serious case of cholera," but it's *much better* to avoid/get rid off
Funding is a serious concern, but it will usually require "real" money,
accepted in the outside world--"affinity group" money will hardly satisfy
your providers. There are ways to get funding for external costs without
violating the internal logic of cooperation: donations (cf. Wikipedia),
membership fees (cf. hacker spaces such as the c-base, which are also open
to non-members), grants from foundations and the state.... I agree that
funding is a difficult issue, but I would clearly separate the need to get
money to cover external costs from the internal logic of peer production.
"Infinite growth" follows from the way capitalism works: a company buys
means of production and labor force; it throws them together and sells the
resulting commodities--if everything goes well--with a profit (because of
exploitation, as explained). Infinite growth follows from the tendency to
re-invest part of the profit, and continue the process at a higher level.
Similarly, "interest" is not an effect of money per se that could be changed
by modifying the nature of money--as I already mentioned, send money to the
moon to find whether it can indeed grow interest by itself.
Instead, in capitalism, interest is an phenomenon derived from profit:
*every* sane company will borrow money in order to expand production and
will split the resulting additional profit between the company owners (who
thus get a higher profit rate for their own invested money) and the money
lenders (would wouldn't lend the money if they didn't get something out of
it). So if a company with a profit rate of 10% borrows the same amount of
money as it already owns and uses the additional money to double their
production capacity, they will also double the total profit they make
(provided, of course, that they manage to sell the additional produce). How
they divide the additional profit is a matter of negotation power between
the investors who own the company and the money lenders (two different
capital fractions). Assuming they divide it evenly, the profit rate of the
the investors has increased to 15% (compared to their invested capital), and
the money lenders now have 5% more money than they had before. The
transaction was beneficial for *both parties.*
That's true even if there is no inflation or demurrage which reduces the
value of money-as-money over time. *With* inflation or demurrage (they're
basically the same thing), the effect becomes even stronger.
Inflation/demurrage hardly affects capital in the productive process, since
it largely exists in non-monetary form (in bought means of production, in
the labor power of paid laborers, in produced commodities waiting to be
sold). So, when left at home, the money would maybe only preserve 95% of
it's original value (with 5% inflation/demurrage), while when lend for the
productive process, it will have grown to 105% of it's value; and when
directly invested in a company, it will have grown to 115% (but probably
with a higher risk of loss--that's the trade-off which money owners always
have to make).
(The profit-splitting logic of productive lending determines all interest
rates in capitalism: interest rates for money lend to consumers are derived
from it--though consumers will usually have to pay higher interest rates as
the lender will typically assess the risk that they can't pay back the money
as higher.)
So it's wrong to think that by changing the properties of money-as-money,
you could somehow eliminate interest or infinite growth--these are
properties of capitalism itself, not of the money it uses.
Only a very small amount of accumulated money exists as money, almost all of
it (aside from the part that is consumed or converted into luxury goods)
takes the form of productive investments of some form or other (whether
direct; through shares or investment funds; investments geared at generating
a rent, e.g. in apartment buildings or mines; or loans to companies,
consumers, or the state). Indeed, capital *must* take such a non-monetary
form to be not only *accumulated,* but also *accumulating*--otherwise,
accumulation would already have come to an end (even without
inflation/demurrage, money-as-money will only keep its value, but not multiply).
Best regards

@_date: 2009-05-13 12:21:35
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery 
Hi Michel, all,
There is a difference between what can be empirically observed and how such
an observation can be explained. Let's consider two assumptions: (a)
interest is an inherent property of money (and can thus be removed by
modifying the properties of money); (b) the Sun revolves around the Earth.
Both assumptions seem to correspond to empirically observable facts, yet
further analysis shows that they aren't true. In both cases, rigorous
scientific investigations are necessary in order to discover the truth--if
we're unwilling to undertake such investigations, we will have the
impression that we understand things (isn't the superficial explanation
"empirically" true?), but we don't really.
Whether the Sun revolves around the Earth, or vice versa, can only be
decided through deeper empirical investigations--which of the two theories
fits better with the facts as we observe them? In case of the interest
question, things are actually easier since we already know from basic
physical laws that there can be no thing that grows or goes on forever
without requiring an external source of energy--such a thing would be
Perpetuum mobile  which is
physically impossible. So we already know, without even having to look at
the empirical evidence, that money cannot generate other money (interest)
out of itself, that there must be some other explanation for interest.
That much we can learn without even having to look at the evidence, but in
order to find out more--to discover the actual source of interest--, we need
to take the empirical evidence into account and find a theory that fits it
best. Marx has formulated one such theory, which says, in a nutshell, that
interest in capitalism is derived from *profit,* and that profit results
from the fact that some people are forced to sell their labor power, while
others control the means of production and can thus benefit from their
labor. See
So, from Marx' theory it follows that we cannot get rid of interest without
getting rid of profit, and that we cannot get rid of profit without getting
rid of the necessity to sell your labor power.
Now, I'm sure it can be discussed whether Marx' theory is the one that fits
the facts best or whether there is a better one (which might lead to
different conclusions about interest). But anybody who claims that interest
is an inherent property of money (and can thus be removed by modifying the
properties of money), argues in violation of all possible theories, since
such a thing is physically impossible.
Best regards
        Christian

@_date: 2009-05-15 17:59:31
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Article series about the Fourth Oekonux Conference 
Hi all,
I've written a series of reports about the Fourth Oekonux Conference, which
took part in Manchester at the end of March.
* Part 1: Notes from the Fourth Oekonux Conference:
* Part 2: Open Hardware Challenges and Ambitions:
* Part 3: Money and Patterns:
* Part 4: Case Study of a Large Free Software Project:
Might be of interest for some of the people here.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-05-17 19:44:27
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
Hi Ryan,
Marx's point of view, funnily enough, is the opposite of that. It's always
the non-Marxists who take a special interest (huh) in interest and want to
abolish or reform it. The Marx-influenced people don't consider interest as
a special problem, let alone as "evil"--they know that it's a necessary
element of capitalism and will go when capitalism goes, neigher earlier nor
Maybe you should study people before you judge them.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-05-17 22:55:24
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
So you probably reject democracy and freedom because George W. Bush used
these terms? Or you still like democracy and fredom, but only because you
also like George W. Bush? Marx was an analyzer and critic of capitalism,
*not* a designer of alternative economic systems; and what little he wrote
about "communism" makes clear that he something in mind that was *very*
different from what the Soviet-style "socialists" made of it ("an
association in which the free development of each is the condition for the
free development of all" -- doesn't sound like the Soviet Union? Indeed it
The problem with Soviet "socialists" is that they, like you, didn't care
very much about what Marx had really said and meant. Don't blame *him* for that.
It's always easy to imagine that the past was roughly like the present, or
that the future will be roughly like the present. These things, in so far as
they existed, took very different shapes throughout the ages and played very
different roles in different societies--markets, for example, played only
minor supplementary roles in most pre-capitalist societies, and the modern
concept of private property (where almost anything can become property, and
where the owner has exclusive rights regarding almost all possible uses)
exists as an officially recognized concept since about the times of the
French Revolution. Reading some (economic) history books might broaden your
mind--if you're interested in that.
Capital, BTW, is money that is used in order to make more money, and
capitalism is a mode of production where "making money" (i.e. turning money
into more) is the primary goal of most economic activity. In pre-capitalist
societies, most economic activity took place in order to satisfy some
specific needs (not necessarily the needs of those who had to do the work),
while production for the sake of production (making money in order to make
more money in order to make more money...) emerged only about 400 years
(give or take a century or two) ago.
But maybe in the area you're living in, companies don't want to make money,
and they don't employ people (labor) in order to do so. Should that be the
case, you've arrived indeed in some post-capitalist state and might
rightfully declare that "capitalism no longer matters to me."
Best regards

@_date: 2009-05-20 22:32:36
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Netiquette (was: Re: leaving this list) 
Hi marc, Marco, all,
The rules Marco proposes to adhere to are far from arbitrary; they come from
a set of very thought-out and long established recommendations for online
behavior called Netiquette . There
even is an RFC for it:  which says,
among other smart things:
* Be brief without being overly terse. When replying to a message, include
  enough original material to be understood but no more. It is extremely
  bad form to simply reply to a message by including all the previous
  message: edit out all the irrelevant material.
That's really a courtesy for the reader which allows him/her to see to what
exactly you're replying to and to easily focus on the new things in your
message (rather than all the old stuff you're merely quoting). I know that
editing out takes a little bit of your time when writing a message, but its
time which you save your readers since they don't have to read/skim over all
the things which you could have cut out. It's a courtesy, but I don't think
that courtesy is unimportant.
It may also a question of inclusiveness, since the extremely lengthy mails
on this list (due to the fact that mail length increases linearly with
thread line if each new mail contains all the old mails from the same
thread, and since threads on this list tend to become quite long) take a
long time to download for people with slow Internet access, and since they
can become expensive to download for people to still pay be the minute or by
download volume. If you're on a fast broadband connection, that may sound
irrelevant to you, but I doubt that everyone is in that lucky
situation--esp. since we're talking here in an international context.
Some other useful guidelines from the Netiquette:
* A good rule of thumb: Be conservative in what you send and liberal in
  what you receive. You should not send heated messages (we call these
  "flames") even if you are provoked. On the other hand, you shouldn't be
  surprised if you get flamed and it's prudent not to respond to flames.
* Remember that the recipient is a human being whose culture, language, and
  humor have different points of reference from your own. Remember that
  date formats, measurements, and idioms may not travel well. Be especially
  careful with sarcasm.
* Wait overnight to send emotional responses to messages. If you have
  really strong feelings about a subject, indicate it via FLAME ON/OFF
  enclosures. For example:
    FLAME ON:
    This type of argument is not worth the bandwidth it takes to send it.
    It's illogical and poorly reasoned. The rest of the world agrees with
    me.
    FLAME OFF
* Mail should have a subject heading which reflects the content of the
  message. [That means: whenever the topic of a thread changes--as it
  usually does over time--please adjust to subject line to reflect the
  changed topic (as I did in the subject of this line). Again, that's a
  courtesy which takes a few seconds of your precious time, but it's really
  just a few seconds and it's helping your readers.]
* If you include a signature keep it short. Rule of thumb is no longer than
  4 lines. Remember that many people pay for connectivity by the minute,
  and the longer your message is, the more they pay. [I don't adhere to the
  rule of thumb, but I still think that shorter is better.]
* Messages and articles should be brief and to the point. Don't wander
  off-topic, don't ramble and don't send mail or post messages solely to
  point out other people's errors in typing or spelling. These, more than
  any other behavior, mark you as an immature beginner.
* Avoid sending messages or posting articles which are no more than
  gratuitous replies to replies.
* When sending a message to more than one mailing list, especially if the
  lists are closely related, apologize for cross-posting.
* If you are caught in an argument, keep the discussion focused on issues
  rather than the personalities involved.
These guidelines are meant to make communcation easier, smoother, and more
agreeable for everyone involved. They are not arbitary, let alone
superficial or judgmental.
Ignore them when you must, but adhere to them when you can.
Best regards

@_date: 2009-05-26 15:26:36
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism (was: Re:  labour, 
They seem broad only for current society, since nowadays almost all labor is
capitalistic. But historically they are quite specific: capitalism requires
what Marx called the "doppelt freie Lohnarbeiter" ("doubly free worker" --
not sure what is the correct English translation), i.e. people who are
"free" in a double sense: "free" human beings who are allowed to sell their
labor power (not slaves or serfs), but also "free" of the means of
production, i.e. without access to tools and resources what would allow them
to produce for themselves, without having to sell their labor power.
Today, almost everybody is a "doubly free worker", but that was not always
the case. Creating the doubly free worker was a historical process that
comprised, on the one hand, the liberation of slaves/serfs and, on the other
hand, the "enclosure of the commons"
, the privatization of land and
other resources which had formerly belonged to all. That historical process
is described by Marx in his chapter(s) on the "so-called primitive
accumulation" in Capital I, starting here:
 .
While capitalism became possible only through the "enclosure of the commons"
that separated people from direct access to the means of production, the
transition to a post-capitalist will require a "reopening of the commons,"
which reverses that historical process. And indeed we see such a reopening
already taking place, as new commons are created (free software, Wikipedia
etc.) and struggles for old, or former commons (land, water etc.) are
Marx has only left sparse notes about how a post-capitalist society might
look like, as I mentioned--that was not his topic, and he considered any
detailed descriptions of such a society as premature and utopian. I guess he
considered it impossible to really imagine such a society in his times, and
he was probably right, but I also think that has changed since we're now
seeing the beginnings of a possible post-capitalist way of production
emerging around us: commons-based peer production.
Of course, we're still far away from a fully fledged commons-based peer
economy, but I think we can get there. As Stan already mentioned, I've
written about how such a society might look like. For a short overview, you
might want to check my recent article, "The Commons of the Future"
A more detailed explanation is available in a 5-part blog series, starting
. And, of course, there is my book, "From Exchange to Contributions:
Generalizing Peer Production into the Physical World"
(available for downloading and as a printed book).
Best regards

@_date: 2009-09-08 17:16:45
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Statistics on rate of profit? (was: Re: What's 
Hi Kevin,
Where did you get these statistics? I would also be interested in such
statistics for other countries (e.g. European), if you have them.

@_date: 2010-12-20 12:25:24
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
Hi Marco,
I think a some point where cities become too big to function properly, so
"more megalopolises" (instead of just "more towns and cities") sounds more
than doubtful. However, there can be little doubt that life in cities is
generally more energy- and resource-efficient than rural life (shorter
distances, more public transport, less heating per person required etc.).
Any sustainable society will require a high degree of urbanization.
Sadly, the article to cite is locked behind a paywall. Could you full-quote
it to free it?

@_date: 2010-12-21 17:04:07
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
Frankly, I don't what's going on. I checked the page four times, and three
times I got a login prompt instead of the article. The fourth time they
showed me the article without asking me to log in (which I never did). I
have no idea about how they decide whether or not to show the article. In
any case, I was wrong about the "paywall", since login seems to be free.
That idea didn't occur to me, since what would be the point of forcing
people to log in if not to extract payment?
Anyway, I now read the article and think it's interesting if too
mechanistic. There are obviously many variables that influence the vitality
of cities and size is but one of them (the scientist admits so himself when
stating that he has to know whether a city is in Japan etc.). I think it
would be interesting to learn more about when (at which point) the bad
effects of city growth start to outweigh the good effects, but his thinking
seems to be too linear to explore such issues. (He talks about "sublinear"
and "superlinear", but the idea that there may be turning points doesn't
seem to occur to him.)
Best regards

@_date: 2010-02-16 17:19:14
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
The labor theory of value is certainly a core tenet of Marxism, but that
doesn't mean that everybody who has a labor theory of value is a
Marxist--otherwise Adam Smith would have been a Marxist. Not very likely.
And a "cost theory of value" (profit is just a surcharge on cost) is not a
variation of labor theory, but an alternative and contradicting theory. A
theory which cannot be true, as Marx pointed out. Imagine: everybody adds a
surcharge of (say) 5% when selling something--that's her profit.
So I (as a capitalist) buy the elements necessary to produce something
(materials, labor, whatever) which cost me $100. I then add my 5% and sell
for $105. Apparently, I have made $5 profit.
But, sad to say, that profit disappears as soon as I spend my money, since
everybody else also adds a surcharge of $5 whenever they sell. So regardless
of how I spend my $105, the products I get will always have an aggregate
cost of $100 and a profit surcharge of $5--somebody else's profit. Boh--I
tried so hard to get a profit, and all I got was--nothing!
So it doesn't matter whether the general profit level is 5%, 10%, 20%, or
even 0% -- all that changes is the nominal value of the money I can save in
my bank ($105/110/120/100), but the goods I can get in return for that money
are always the same. Profit, in short, would not exist, except as a purely
nominal affair that can't nourish a single capitalist (let alone make
him/her wealthy).
Hence either profit doesn't exist, or else the "cost theory of value" is
wrong. Marx concluded the latter and went on working on the labor theory of
value instead.
Marcuse was certainly deeply influenced by Marx. Hobsbawm is a Marxist, in
his own understanding. Stallman has nothing to do with Marx whatsoever.
Best regards

@_date: 2010-01-08 18:25:31
@_author: Christian Siefkes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Can Marxian Economics Explain the Crisis? 
Some additional Marxist views:
- Overview article of the English-language discussion: Choonara, Joseph
  (2009): Marxist accounts of the current crisis, in: International
  Socialism. A quarterly journal of socialist theory, H.123/June. Online:
  - McNally, David: From Financial Crisis to World-Slump: Accumulation,
  Financialisation, and the Global Slowdown Historical Materialism, Volume
  17, Number 2, 2009 , pp. 35-83(49). An earlier and shorter version is
  available online:
  The final version apparently isn't, but I can send a PDF to anybody
  interested.
- Interview with Robert Brenner:
  (only the first sentence is in German, the interview is in English).
- Wolff, Richard D. (2009): Capitalism Hits the Fan. The Global Economic
  Meltdown and What to Do It, Northampton/MA. The book is apparently not
  online, but there is also a video that is:
  There also is a rich German-language discussion, but I'm afraid that won't
help you?
Best regards
