
@_date: 2008-12-15 10:26:01
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] Volunteer computing with BOINC 
I love the theory - not sure how well it's doing in practice.
A few years ago I installed a program that helped do calculations for
pharmaceutical research. But rather than using idle time as they promised,
it became a resource hog and greatly slowed down my computer when I was
trying to use it. I uninstalled it.
There needs to be a tool that such programs (and Google Desktop, which has
the same flaw on my computer) could incorporate to be unintrusive - like
instantly slowing down or stopping ("killing" if need be) the current
process when the keyboard is activated; detecting how much free RAM there is
and making sure there is always plenty for the the user's needs. (This
varies between systems I find, depending how well the operating system runs
- so there should be a default, but with the ability to vary how much RAM
etc the guest program is allowed to access.
Integrating with the power monitoring would be good, too, making sure it
doesn't prevent power-saving functions from activating. Switch off the
monitor and anything else not needed by the program. If I'm using a computer
at home, say, I'll pay for the extra electricity (green power) for a good
cause, but there's no need to pay for the monitor as well. That probably
should happen anyway, but on the Linux systems I've been using, power
management often doesn't do what it's supposed to.

@_date: 2008-12-30 13:23:12
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] judging obama's policies 
I'm not sure about "blacklisted" - I doubt that anyone could stop Obama
appointing politicians who opposed the war, and in fact he'd probably have a
lot of support, considering the strength of the victory and the makeup of
the new Congress.
It's also about how Obama thinks he can best achieve his aims - bringing
about the changes he wants to, and also getting re-elected in 4 years time.
To do those things, he wants the widest support he can get, and he can do
that best by being portrayed as a moderate. Appointing politicians who may
have been completely right about the war, but in the process alienated more
conservative people (who associated the war with love of their country) will
not help him claim the image of being moderate and balanced.
It may not be how we like it, and it may not be fair, but it's about as
democratic a process as I'm aware of inside any national government today.
(There are plenty of undemocratic features of the US government, but this is
not a glaring one, by US standards and certainly not by world standards.)

@_date: 2008-11-01 13:53:43
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building the One Machine, call for discussion 
This seems to be an assertion of a mystical belief rather than a scientific
truth. I'm not setting out to refute mysticism, but I personally am not a
mystic and this argument doesn't resonate with me. (I'm not sure it's
consistent either - why couldn't this property of the universe be captured
artificially? But I'll let the mystics fight that one out.)
Regardless of this, some of the ideas and conclusions are thought-provoking.
The movement towards Meta-Individuals is an interesting and important
question - my view of the ultimate form that it might take, or how far down
this path we can go, might be different to Nova Spivack's, but many of the
same steps might apply, regardless of worldview.

@_date: 2008-11-14 11:34:04
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mini nuclear plants to power 20,000 homes 
I'm with Kevin on this one - I'm skeptical about fission, especially from a
safety and environmental impact perspective. Better to put the $ and effort
into renewable energy. With work now being done on printable solar cells, we
could be seeing cheap solar very soon (Vinay Gupta is convinced it's
basically here now, about to be revealed).
If tt's OSE, it will surely be P2P.
Solar thermal is I think the most competitive renewable option in most sunny
areas,* in terms of what you can buy and build right now. (depends on local
wind and geothermal, of course).

@_date: 2008-10-06 14:27:27
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does green capitalism manufacture artificial 
This might seem obvious to us, but not to the article's author: that Lovins
no doubt envisaged a much more serious effort at efficiency and the use and
development of alternatives. If the California government and populace took
a lazy and short-sighted approach (not unique to California, of course!)
that's first and foremost on their own heads. Blaming Lovins strikes me as
completely wrong-headed.

@_date: 2009-08-19 13:08:39
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open green R&D 
This was posted to Appropedia at
 - the contributor
has asked for feedback. (Add your comments on that page or its talk page,
and I'll also point the contributor at any responses on this thread).
User:Buddhanoir/Energy outline
Hello Appropedia Energy Community,
I am currently working on a MBA dissertation with a special focus on
renewable energy. In writing my literature review, I focused on 3 different
areas of research (open innovation, open source, and stakeholder theory).
Here is a condensed break-down of the paper:
1. Green R&D is non-profit company whose sole purpose is to assist with
innovation. In addition to keeping a stable of paid scientists and
researchers, Green R&D also oversees financing, budgeting, patent
applications, and litigation. It essentially pays for the more expensive
aspects of Renewable Energy research that freelance scientists might not be
able to afford if they worked in more open source-style collaboration. It
also assists with long-term planning, suppliers, contracts, etc. All
prototypes and research are placed under a GPL-style license.
2. Green R&D opens it findings to the public for contributions, thus
benefiting from peer-to-peer production and input. Scientists, researchers,
and laypeople around the world collaborate, adding to the growing pool of
research. Whenever technically feasible, new improvements and discoveries
are placed under the same GPL-style license.
3. Private firms may use this public information for its own purposes, but
in doing so, it must pay a royalty. The royalty would have to be carefully
determined to minimize cheating while maximizing payments.
4. A volunteer watch group ensures compliance between privatized products
and royalty payments. I'm still working on the incentive structure for this
watch group, although  offers some useful
insights on how this might work. I'm also still working on a way to properly
measure royalty payments.
5. Royalty payments go back to the Green R&D solely for the purpose of
future research. There are no "profits" per se. Green R&D exists only to
make renewable energy financing possible. The entire system is more of an
innovation machine than it is a "business model." It helps brings Inventors
and Entrepreneurs together if and when the former lacks sufficient capital
to get started.
There are a few areas I have yet to resolve with the above model, and I was
hoping you might be able to advise me on the best approach:
1. Financing....how do we finance the initial start-up capital necessary for
this venture? Traditional investors would be hard to implement since open
source and profit are often at odds. Would volunteer contributors get
involved if they knew that their efforts would make someone else rich? I've
considered crowdfunding as an option. And government assistance would be
very helpful (although I prefer not to remain dependent on antyhing
government related.
2. Governance....who would actually be in charge of Green R&D? In the
absence of investors, to whom is Green R&D responsible? How do you sanction
bad behavior or poor performance? Who decides on the allocation of funds?
3. Measuring IP.....in the programming world, it is "relatively" easy to
enforce dual licensing since one need only compare the final code to the
original to determine percentage overlap. Cheaters exist, but catching them
and prosecuting them is fairly straightforward. In the research, science,
and technology worlds, however, enforcing dual licensing seems much more
difficult. If the OS community creates prototype A....and a private firm
takes prototype A, makes changes, and sells it as its own, how do you detect
this? I recommended a volunteer watchgroup, but I'm not sure how that would
work exactly. And even if the watchgroup caught all cheaters, how do you
measure what percentage of the original technology was used in the final
product. What if a private firm makes many many changes to Prototype A while
another firm only makes minor changes to Prototype A? How do you determine
what royalties both firms should pay?
Does anyone have suggestions for the above areas (or other areas I need to
explore more carefully. In addition, does anyone know of an existing
community of freelance researchers and scientists who already work in the
renewable energy sector? For some of my primary research, I need to talk to
those who might potentially be involved with the above business model. I've
already spoken with energy scientists from corporate firms and with P2P
experts, but finding those in the middle (i.e. P2P energy scientists) has
been difficult.
Anyway, hope all is well. Thanks again for all the previous assistance you
offered...and thanks in advance for any additional insights you might be
able to provide.

@_date: 2009-02-15 13:30:10
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] crisis of capitalism 
If you want to tempt us to watch a one-hour preview (or realize that some of
us will never find the time for it) it would help to tell us something about
what the "crisis of capitalism" *is* about.
I don't see a "crisis of capitalism" in the current financial crash. The
capitalist economies could drop their incomes by 50% and still be in a
better state than Cuba, the former Soviet Union and other "alternatives".
Which is not to say we can't do better: we can, whether through tweaking or
much larger reform). And it's not to say there isn't a crisis: the current
system's way of dealing with our environment has worked in some ways, but
failed drastically in managing our climate, which is by far the most
critical challenge we face.

@_date: 2009-02-15 22:40:43
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] crisis of capitalism 
Actually, I was careful to say I don't see a crisis of capitalism" *in the
current financial crash*. It's bad, it's the result of bad management
(mainly by Bush's crony capitalism) but it doesn't look like the end of the
world, and it doesn't take the capitalist system below the major
alternatives that have been tried, in terms of results.
In terms of the environment and biosphere, the market is able to get results
- I understand the USA's Clean Air Act Amendments of
successful in reducing emissions of sulfur dioxide. The improvement in
wealth and quality of life has meant that wealthy communities have been able
to set more stringent environmental standards, require the use of more
pollution-control technology, and choose to not allow development in areas
where there are spotted owls or whatever species we might be concerned
about. The capitalist/free market economies are getting better, not worse -
though some battles are being lost and there is a long, long way to go.
(Eastern Europe under communist management never managed as well as this -
it was an environmental nightmare.)
The lack of political will is the problem - and an enormous problem now that
we face what is probably the most critical problem we've ever faced by far.
Books have been written about these things so I know this isn't an
exhausting treatment.
I wonder - perhaps the free market is the original P2P system. Every player
is free to engage in an interaction, and the decisions are made between the
participants, not by a central authority. But I digress.
I'm not sure what Cuba has to do with it? A family can be in crisis, even if
I just meant that Cuba is in a much worse state overall than the mostly-free
market countries - any other state-controlled economy could be used as an
example. The one virtue of Cuba's system, in terms of the environment, is
that the economy's collapse following the withdrawal of the USSR's subsidies
led Cubans to give permaculture a serious try - and when they got results,
even the government eventually had to stop dismissing the approach and take
notice. (This is based largely on a documentary I saw a couple of years ago
- I'm open to correction.)
Cuba has other virtues, such as the fact that the murderous oppressive
revolutionary leaders, who through out the previous oppressors, happened to
be doctors, and rightly put a lot of resources into health. But I'm not
aware of any virtues in terms of economic wisdom.

@_date: 2009-02-19 09:59:33
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] reverting from pdf to word query 
So for, the only thing I'm aware of that works well is using Acrobat Reader
Professional. Universities or workplaces often have it. If you have this,
see Save a PDF file as a Word document, HTML file, or
We work with PDF documents at Appropedia sometimes, taking them and converting
to wiki markup,
and it starts with getting access to this program. We'd certainly like a
smoother process, and an open source process. I'm aware of the programs that
Sam mentions, but I haven't had the chance to try yet (I need to sit down
with a Linux wizard and learn how to compile packages).

@_date: 2009-02-19 13:26:48
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
My own experience of Wikipedia is more positive (since I edit science and
tech articles, which are less controversial, and work better in Wikipedia).
Specialized sites have sprung up, such as the Wikipedia
Wikipedia Review seems to me to be somewhat less fair and balanced than Fox
News, from what I've seen. But this is at least a well structured argument,
even if I mostly don't buy it.
*1. Wikipedia disrespects and disregards scholars, experts, scientists, and
This is the flip side of Wikipedia's greatest strengths.
   - Allowing anyone to edit - to fact check, to add or remove - means there
   are more people to contribute, leading to a far more exhaustive knowledge
   project than has ever been achieved before.
   - Requiring references regardless of whether you're a primary school
   student, a conspiracy theorist or a professor - keeps the argument focused
   on the facts, rather than the personalities. And sometimes the primary
   school student is right, and anyone who's been to university knows that
   professors can be wrong!
I'm not sure that this has driven expert editors away. What were they doing
in terms of contributing to  a free knowledge resource before there was
Wikipedia? Nothing. And are they now flocking to Citizendium? If they are,
the amateurs at Wikipedia are still doing a better job.
Some experts do edit. And consider that most content comes from anon
editors, or editors who do only a few edits, adding large amounts of
content, and mostly in just their field of interest. My guess is a lot of
these are people who really know the field they're contributing on.
Overall, this has been a good thing. There is probably a way of having their
cake and eating it, and we've been also been thinking about how to do this
at Appropedia, and have some ideas (in terms of flagging versions of pages
as being approved by a certain respected group, either an existing
organization, or several respected people).
This is the one point that I would mostly agree with. Wikipedia is still
better than anything else out there, in terms of making it easy for people
to contribute, but there is a problem that boils down to one word: Civility.
It's supposed to be one of the pillars of Wikipedia, but is not applied very
thoroughly these days. Certain other wikis - including Wikiversity (based on
conversations with Cormac Lawler a.k.a. Cormaggio), wikiHow and Appropedia -
place a much greater emphasis on being helpful and positive with
contributors, even in cases of disagreement.
Overview of developments
Note that Andrew Lih is still a committed Wikipedian as far as I know. He's
making constructive criticisms, and I doubt that he'd agree with much in
this Wikipedia Review piece.
That's all I feel able to comment on.
Hang on - point 1 is that it doesn't respect the elites, and point 4 is that
it's not democratic? Okay, I see that this is a different kind of elite, the
Wikipedia in-crowd. Personally I haven't seen any case where I thought a
serious injustice was done - I won't say it doesn't happen, just that I
doubt the claim about their being "*frequently allowed to trangress...
numerous policies**" *let alone change the policies. It mostly seems to work

@_date: 2009-02-19 14:49:49
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I find more to agree with in your writings than in Wikipedia Review's.
This can certainly be a problem.
If an experienced editor takes a supportive role in helping someone who has
trouble, that improves things a lot - I've seen this happen, and I've done
it myself.
now, judging wikipedia on the best or normal places is one thing, but what
There are informal efforts, that I think do good work, but it can be hard
for someone without friends.
Durova, a high-profile admin, does some good thinking on this, and regularly
proposes alternatives & improvements, e.g.:
   - "Today's solution: a path back to good standing for sitebanned
   editors." -  The Lucifer
   - Specific suggestions for admin coaching at RFA Review
   .
I weren't focused on Appropedia, I'd be more involved with supporting such
efforts myself. As it is, I do speak up on these things, and will be doing
more speaking up, with specific proposals for reform.

@_date: 2009-02-19 15:02:28
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Conflict of interest because he started another site doing something
different from Wikipedia?
Semantic MediaWiki is still an option for Wikipedia - so what if Wikia hosts
that site?
Sorry Marc, but you need to make sense in a paragraph before writing a 3
page article.

@_date: 2009-02-19 23:18:27
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
If we're going completely relativist, I don't see any value in continuing.
You do your thing, and if it has value it will last. Wikipedia has already
demonstrated its value.
It seems that you avoided to debate the slashdot article. Why?
 I have more email than I can handle - the argument you presented didn't
make me inclined to click on any additional links. Now I check it, I see
it's a very brief account of an old story.
Are you
(How do I answer a facetious question?)
No. Facts are welcome. I didn't see any substantial facts in the slashdot
article - just an extremely thin and slanted news snippet. I don't know all
the details, and I don't know whether I would support Jimbo if I did know
every detail. But I know enough about him that he's earned substantial trust
on governance issues.
Keep in mind, most of the sensationalist stuff you see comes from people
with an ax to grind - like the accusations about the use of foundation funds
coming from Danny Wool.
Those are interesting claims - an allusion to that would have made more
sense of your original post.
However, if he's doing something so blatantly illegal, I'd expect that he'd
be stopped. He hasn't been, so I suspect it's not so cut and dried (these
things usually aren't).
Besides which, this has little to do with the day-to-day governance issues
that this thread started with. It might be more helpful to define what
Wikipedia issues we're actually talking about.

@_date: 2009-02-20 00:54:07
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Hmm. I would have put "really stupid policy" at the top of the list. Poor
governance. But I don't see the parallel with Wikipedia.
I'm all for proposals for better solutions, in economic/social systems and
in Wikipedia. In the latter case, the good suggestions that I've seen have
come from within Wikipedia (e.g. from Durova).
No problem - my response was blunt as well - I feel it's important to be
frank, and appreciate that you're not being angry about it.
I'm for "transwikiing" rather than deletion, but not so keen on multiple
versions. (Another wiki forked from Wikipedia did that. I'd tell you what
it's called but it never took off, and I've forgotten the name.)
Having one article, with solid debate over what belongs in it, remains the
way forward, IMO. Lets just improve the way the debate takes place.
"No.. there's no secret [ban] list - I checked Wikipedia and it said so."
I wouldn't draw any conclusions from a throwaway line like this, though,
funny though it is. If I wanted to draw a conclusion, I'd check the relevant
article(s) and the discussions on the talk page(s).
I'm going to sign out of this conversation - I really need to focus on my
It's my belief that PageRank works very differently than digg (there

@_date: 2009-02-20 01:17:59
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I met someone in Australia who said he'd given up on Wikipedia - he'd tried
contributing twice, and had it deleted. I asked what he'd contributed, and
it was something to do with aliens and advanced civilizations in
pre-colonization Australia.
Some content does not belong in Wikipedia, and should be deleted. Make it
"anything goes" and you have a completely different animal.

@_date: 2009-02-20 16:30:06
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Is there something about this from a trustworthy source? I.e. not
wikipediareview.com. Speaking personally, quotes from such an unreliable
troll site really detract from the discussion, and make me less inclined to
follow these conversations, unfortunately.
I notice one of the replies says:
It wasn't the concept of a course on applied ethics that was declared
"beyond the scope" of wikiversity, it was the implementation (drawn heavily
from your personal disputes).
- which sounds far more believable, based on what I know of Jimbo and

@_date: 2009-02-20 17:04:54
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The ones taking action are working within Wikipedia to make it better -
Andrew Lih, Durova, myself in my small way and many others. You're repeating
unsubstantiated claims, probably nonsense, from a site known for nonsense,
griping, and
The ones taking action are working within Wikipedia to make it better -
Andrew Lih, Durova, myself in my small way and many others. You're repeating
unsubstantiated claims, probably nonsense, from a site known for nonsense,
griping, and defending trolls and vandals, and which has produced nothing of
a ten-thousandth of the value of Wikipedia, the site they exist to
criticize. Who is being subjective?for defending trolls and vandals, and
which has produced nothing of a ten-thousandth of the value of Wikipedia,
the site they exist to criticize. Who is being subjective?
I have done to an extent in earlier emails. These are meant to make
Wikipedia better than it is, not to complain.
I find these conversations frustrating - I don't see the substance in what
you're arguing, and in the interest of continuing to do something rather
than argue, I'm going to withdraw. I've already filtered my emails so that
emails from you to the list don't bring the thread into my inbox. Not that I
have a personal problem with you - I just don't see any sense in much of
what you write. Sorry.

@_date: 2009-02-20 23:10:25
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Before I reply, I want to share these links, from Durova's blog - that made
me aware of people at Wikipedia Review who are apparently being constructive
- which improves my overall impressions of the site, even if my
opinion on *most
*of the argument there remains unchanged.
   - SirFozzie for
very high praise for SirFozzie, who he edits Wikipedia Review  (from
   Durova, a Wikipedia admin andblogger who I find intelligent and reasonable)
   - Professor Gametheory:
   Durova says Somey is "articulate and his longstanding commitment to
   Wikipedia Review demonstrates sincerity", and goes on to share Somey's
   concerns about abuse of process in Wikipedia.
Just that what I've seen on Wikipedia Review is very selective in what it
references, and any time I've looked into something, I've found that it's
extremely slanted at best. (Noting the blog posts I linked above, it seems
that the best of Wikipedia Review might actually be quite good - but not the
parts I've seen.)
The claims given by Marc were not referenced at all - "Jimbo Unilaterally
Cashiers WMF's Section 230 Immunity - The Wikipedia Review
 " - and also a highly
unlikely and antagonistic interpretation of events, IMO.
I probably should have said earlier that my observations are based on a
limited experience with Wikipedia Review (and almost all of the extracts
from the site quoted on this thread confirmed my negative opinion). This
doesn't mean everything they say is wrong, or that they're all trolls. Also,
I haven't looked at the site for a long time, so my memory is hazy on
details and incidents, so without spending a couple of hours looking into
this again I can't satisfy you with references.
Certainly bad things have happened. I've lost my temper a few times with
admins, though I generally manage to stay civil, and I work within the
system, because the system mostly does an okay job.
I can't comment on the people you know, of course. Sometimes, people are
just treated badly, often because they don't understand the policies and
guidelines, and rude admins come down hard on them. Your description of your
friends sounds like they're dealing with situations something like this.
I think also that* somet* people aren't malicious, but start by unwittingly
breaking guidelines that Wikipedia has developed over the years, fail to
appreciate why the community won't adapt to their own view of reality, and
then are not constructive in spite of people in the community trying to
help. This can create a lot of bitterness, and it's not surprising if such a
person goes and complains on a forum somewhere that the Wikipedia cabal
keeps reverting their edits to suppress opposing viewpoints etc. This is a
much more difficult situation - but a more civil and supportive community
might go some way towards minimizing this problem.
Constant bashing and inflammatory accusations to provoke a response seems to
be a large part of what they do on WR. It seems that anything anti-Wikipedia
is uncritically supported by the site. I do recall appalling behavior by
Daniel Brandt on WR, working to reveal the identities of Wikipedia editors,
in cases where they wanted to maintain anonymity. Wikipedia Review seems to
support such behavior. (Re revealing identities, I'm not talking about the
Essjay case, of an admin acting under false pretenses - that's a different
and more complex case).
That kind of thing has led me to see it as a troll site. (I can't recall
details of other events, I confess - I found out about some other alleged
events, but I'm wary of posting here only knowing the bare outlines of the
sustained opposition to a sad state of affairs is not trolling: these are
I actually thought the *Wikipedia Review's arguments there were very shallow
(I did agree with one of the basic points, relating to civility, though
their statement of it was over the top). Blaming Wikipedia for use of
copyrighted materials and misinformation is ludicrous (even blaming them for
the information hanging around on other sites after they correct the
errors), considering the efforts they go to counter these problems. It looks
like they are looking for any excuse to criticize Wikipedia, and are
painting it in simplistic terms. So the WR writing wasn't a good enough
analysis to get me reading more.
Your own links may be to much better material, but if I read all of those I
will never get my work done - no offence, but at some point I have to break
out of this. However, just now looking at *Open Source
*, it seems the writer is saying that Wikipedia is improving. I think this
is true in many ways, though the author is not talking about the civility or
lack of civility in the community, which is my main concern.
Don't think so. My use of the term trolling is probably debateable, but I
have yet to see anything* from the site that impresses me. I do change my
opinion when I find I'm wrong, and acknowledge good points made by opponents
in debates, and I don't think I'm being particularly tribal here. I take up
these arguments because mass collaboration processes are incredibly valuable
and important (and Wikipedia has been at the forefront of these). But I'm
not invested in Wikipedia being always right or pure. It's not.
I'll keep that in mind, when I need to look more deeply into a Wikipedia

@_date: 2009-02-22 23:02:36
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Article - Der Spiegel - Can Countries 
I thought they were quite small, compared to (say) the stimulus of the USA's
deficit spending in WW2, which (it's often said) was what finally got the
USA out of the great depression.
I'm no expert, either or economics or this period of history, so I wonder if
that is a good analysis. I know the USA was making money out of the war by
supplying England in the early years - but I think most of this was on the
Lend-Lease program, so they weren't getting actual earnings at that stage.
So I'm not inclined to credit the recovery to more exports, but that could
be my ignorance.

@_date: 2009-02-23 04:00:12
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
I see this as the logical progression in social media.
Of course, corporations that base their income on gatekeeping in some way
(keeping people using their services, and making them pay or watch ads to do
so) will fight this, so it's not inevitable that things will be open and
focused on the needs of the users. With Google supporting this, it's a huge
boost, and odds are that the social networking will become a lot more
useful, and probably less obnoxious - e.g. Facebook will loses its
advantage, won't be able to require you to join the site to connect with
your friend Sally Smith, and so they'll have to provide a more open kind of
service, and work harder to keep the people they already have.

@_date: 2009-01-24 15:56:31
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
I'd be interested in trying it - but if you hope to try it out with only 5
people, I think they would need much more intensive interactions. E.g. they
would need to be neighbors, workmates, or friends who physically close.
If I'm on a different continent from most of the participants, I'll only
experience substantial interaction as the network gets much bigger.

@_date: 2009-01-24 16:36:23
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
Ah - I wasn't following closely enough, and thought it was a pilot of a
reputation-based donation network. If it's a pilot for an energy currency /
joule token system, I definitely can't participate for now, but will watch
with interest.
Not to mention that pretty much all existing grids are heavily regulated.

@_date: 2009-01-31 14:14:22
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drupal project for Complementary Currencies 
FYI: a Drupal project for Complementary
Perhaps because community currencies can undermine traditional power

@_date: 2009-01-31 14:44:03
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer production of peer production 
============================== START ==============================
On Sat, Jan 31, 2009 at 12:30, Matt Cooperrider
A wiki is the strongest example that I'm aware of. Members do almost
everything - relatively little is restricted to admins, bureaucrats and

@_date: 2009-06-05 15:16:15
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Thanks for raising this, Ryan.
Checking Wikipedia : "Capitalism is
an economic system in which wealth, and the means of producing wealth, are
privately owned.[1][2] Through capitalism, the land, labor, and capital are
owned, operated, and traded for the purpose of generating profits, without
force or fraud, by private individuals either singly or jointly,[3][4] and
investments, distribution, income, production, pricing and supply of goods,
commodities and services are determined by voluntary private decision in a
market economy.[5]"
So, it looks to me like capitalism in the broad sense includes the Grameen
model, and the models of innovation and micro-entrepreneurship advocated by
the development consultant and writer Paul
They are based on markets, incentives and property rights, and they allow
individuals to work hard and reap the benefits. Likewise for China's
economy, since they reformed and allowed people to create wealth for
themselves, leading to a long economic boom. None of these are not
neo-liberal, and they may not fit the capitalism of some (e.g., proponents
of a "pure" lassez faire capitalism) and they do have a more complex view of
the way institutions can operate effectively to serve society. I would have
called them capitalist - I don't want to argue about that definition (which
may be mistaken) but I'd like it if we all used the same definitions.
If we're talking about some kind of future that *includes* such approaches,
I'd rather we used a term other than post-capitalism, or at least that
someone would post a clear definition, broken down into points, so that we
could know what we're agreeing or disagreeing.
Re Africa's poor growth: Ironically, the Western powers through the World
Bank and IMF, in enforcing neoliberal policies and "structural adjustment,"
have taken a top down, central planning approach to economics, which is
almost always a bad idea, I suspect. This is a bigger issue than I could try
to address in a short email, but I find William Easterly's "White Man's
Burden" to be insightful - he argues that "Searchers" get results by solving
problems in a piecemeal way; the "Planners" set big goals that they don't
achieve. He's especially critical of the IMF, Jeffrey Sachs, and government
aid programs in general. (Or you could try Collier's "The Bottom Billion"
for a more balanced perspective.)
Re the financial crisis and what it says about financial markets, I think
this reflects on the crony capitalism of Bush's America, rather than
captalism or even neo-liberalism. I have some comments, but I'll run them by
a better-informed friend before sharing them here.

@_date: 2009-06-08 14:55:48
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Capitalism is very widely used to mean something similar to a free market
economy. I'm aware there are different meanings given to the word, but a
more precise term would be useful.
Could you give a link to a definition for what you're referring to?
I use "central planning" in the sense that a remote power-holder at the
center is telling those under their authority or influence what to do, with
little regard for the local conditions. I don't mean to imply that it's the
same as centrally planned economies such as the Soviet Union, or China under

@_date: 2009-06-12 11:09:47
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Dmytri Kleiner wrote (re the term "capitalism"):
The term originates in Socialist critiques of the emerging social
It doesn't look like that's true. Wikipedia again:
Arthur Young [45]first
used the term
*capitalist* in his work *Travels in France*
Taylor Coleridge
poet , used *capitalist* in his work *Table
Talk* (1823).[47]
 Pierre-Joseph
Proudhon  used *
capitalist* in his first work *What is
* (1840) to refer to the owners of capital. Benjamin
[45]  used *
capitalist* in the 1845 work
*. Karl Marx  and Friedrich
Engelsalso used
*capitalist* (*Kapitalist*) as a private owner of capital in *The Communist
Manifesto * (1848).
Also, I'm not sure how well Marx's description of the economy applies now,
161 years after he wrote, even ignoring any issues with Marx's own writings.
And I don't see why the socialist definition of Marxism should be normative
any more than a capitalist definition of socialism should be.)
Anyway, even where terms are distorted by popular use, it's not always
helpful to cling to one's own preferred definition (just as Hayek
reluctantly gave up what he thought was the best use of the word "liberal").
I'd see a lot of value in a non-partisan economics wiki, but I'm not aware
of any active ones apart from Wikipedia. Googling didn't yield anything
much; neither did a look through WikiIndex. economics.wikia.com and
 are the most promising that I found.
Obviously p2pfoundation.net and Wikipedia have a lot of info, but
p2pfoundation is from a certain angle, not aiming to be all about economics;
Wikipedia is the wiki with the broadest collection of economics info I know
of, and its resistance to particular POV (insofar as it succeeds) is both
its greatest strength and a guarantee to annoy many with a strong POV. Its
main drawbacks are that it doesn't allow for analysis and non-"notable"
views (notable under Wikipedia's definition). (These are both important to
Wikipedia, but there's room for a more ambitious economics wiki. I'm not
sure how the analysis would work without becoming unconstructive, but the
wiki would have to find its own equivalent guidelines..)

@_date: 2009-06-13 13:06:00
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
On Fri, Jun 12, 2009 at 11:17, Kevin Carson <
Yes, I realized after posting that I'd copied the wrong bit. The etymology
of "Capitalism" in Wikipedia is more ambiguous. It still doesn't seem to be
owned or innovated by socialist commentators, though.
I think the central claim of Marx in terms of defining capitalism is the
Not having read Marx, I probably can't comment intelligently, but I don't
think that's how things played out in the 20th century. While divisions of
wealth remained large, a middle-class formed which was able to engage in
business to a significant degree. Small businesses didn't come to dominate
the economy (probably for a range of reasons including economies of scale
and the design of business regulations) though some became big businesses -
it would be interesting to see statistics on these things.
The forms of this 'ownership' have changed quite a bit, they have become
I'm not sure of the significance of "If there were no workers to sell their
labour, the system would instantly collapse." If there are no sellers in a
market, then there is no market, but I'm not sure whether that demonstrates
I agree, that looks like a fundamental shift in work & employment.

@_date: 2009-03-04 10:59:17
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] how Wikipedia works - two blog posts 
Found these interesting - addressing some specific concerns about Wikipedia.
I basically agree with these two posts (and I've only read the abstract of
Wray's work which they critique, as it's not open for non-subscribers). (The
concerns raised by Michel in our recent discussion about the Wikipedia
community and internal processes are a different topic - those issues do
carry more weight.)
Sage Ross blogs:Wikipedia
in theory
the last few days I've been stewing about one of the article in the
recent Wikipedia-edition
of the epistemology journal Episteme.
(See the Wikipedia Signpost for summaries of the
I don't find any of them particularly enlightening, but one just rubs me
wrong: K. Brad Wray's "The Epistemic Cultures of Science and Wikipedia: A
Comparison ",
which argues that where science has norms that allow reliable knowledge to
be produced, Wikipedia has very different norms that mean Wikipedia can't
produce reliable knowledge.
I guess it's really just another proof of the zeroeth law of
"The problem with Wikipedia is that it only works in practice. In theory, it
can never work."
Part of my problem might be that last year I blogged a comparison between
Wikipedia's epistemological methods and those of the scientific
but came to the opposite conclusion, that in broad strokes they are actually
very similar. But more than that, I think Wray's analysis badly
misrepresents both the way science works and the way Wikipedia works.
A central piece of Wray's argument is scientists depend on their reputations
as producers of reliable knowledge for their livelihoods and careers, and so
their self-interest aligns with the broader institutional interests of
science. This is in contrast to Wikipedia, where mistakes have little or no
consequences for their authors and where a "puckish culture", prone to jokes
and vandalism, prevails. Wray writes that "In science there is no room for
jokes" such as the Seigenthaler incident.
The idea that scientists are above putting jokes and pranks into their
published work is belied by historical and social studies of science and by
many scientific memoirs as well. James D. Watson's Genes, Girls, and
Gamowis the first thing that comes to mind, but there are many
examples I could
use to make that point. And science worked much the same way,
epistemologically, long before it was a paid profession and scientists'
livelihoods depended on their scientific reputations. (I don't want to
over-generalize here, but some of the main features of the social
epistemology of science go back to the 17th century, at least. See Steve
Shapin's work, which is pretty much all focused, at least tangentially, on
exploring the roots and development the social epistemology of science.)
Likewise, the idea that Wikipedia's norms and community practices can't be
effective without more serious consequences for mistakes seems to me a
wrong-headed way of looking at things. On Wikipedia, as in science, there
are people who violoate community norms, and certainly personal consequences
for such violations are less on Wikipedia than for working scientists. But
for the most part, propagating and enforcing community norms is a social
process that works even in the absence of dire consequences. And of course,
just as in science, those who consistently violate Wikipedia's norms are
excluded from the community, and their shoddy work expunged.
For a more perceptive academic exploration of why Wikipedia does work, see
Ryan McGrady's "Gaming against the greater
in the new edition of First Monday.
Joseph Reagle  blogs:Wray and the Wrong
I have to agree with Sage
his response to Brad Wray's The
Epistemic Cultures of Science and Wikipedia: a
Wray is right to note that there are differences between scientific
knowledge production and Wikipedia production in terms of the knowledge
produced, who produces it, and the process. However, Wray's article does not
show any cognizance of the *actual* epistemic basis of Wikipedia: not a word
about Neutral Point of View, No Original Research, and Verifiability.
Instead, he uses Adam Smith's invisible hand metaphor to argue that if local
concern about one's scientific reputation and career yields a global value
in the production of knowledge, this cannot be claimed for Wikipedia because
no one has a scientific reputation at stake. First, the invisible hand
argument is not the only theory for understanding peer-production. Two, as
Ross notes scientific reputation is not the only motive that might be
operational under the invisible hand model -- many Wikipedians are very much
concerned about their peers' opinions. Wray writes "We have very little
reason to believe that an invisible hand is at work, ensuring that the
truth, and only the truth, is made available" (p. 43). Smith's hand can
apply to more than scientific reputation and "truth"!? That's simply barking
up the wrong tree.

@_date: 2009-05-10 18:30:03
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
I'm also with Ryan on this. I love my Gmail.
Had a quick look at  - it seems to blatantly
misinterpret Google's motto to make them seem much worse than they are.
*Google, you may recall, already believes that as a corporation they are
utterly incapable of bad faith. Their corporate motto is "Don't be evil,"
At the risk of being obvious, you don't need to set yourself the aim "Don't
be evil" if it's actually impossible to be evil.
One valid point tho:
If Google builds a database of keywords associated with email addresses, the
potential for abuse is staggering.*
Potential for abuse is worth being careful about. I don't expect Google to
do anything bad, but we don't know. This kind of thing always reminds me of
how the Nazis used census data to identify Jews etc after they invaded the
Netherlands. The Dutch govt presumably never envisaged the data being used
in this way.
It's not enough to make me concerned, but I were involved with activities
that certain government agencies or corporations strongly disapproved of,
I'd think about starting to use Scroogle for search, a different mail
provider/program, and other non-Google services.

@_date: 2009-10-09 00:09:16
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Combining open innovation and crowdsourcing?" 
A blog post from Socialcamp in Berlin:
Combining open innovation and
It mentions BetterPlace.org -"People in need of support, meet others who
want to help." I'm trying it out.

@_date: 2009-09-15 00:35:28
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] mass production and p2p 
On Sun, Sep 13, 2009 at 21:52, Global Palestine <
I view any restriction on my right to trade as tyrannous. (Other than
restrictions or levies to compensate for externalities, or to provide public
goods, i.e. reasonable taxes).

@_date: 2010-10-25 22:36:00
@_author: Chris Watkins 
@_subject: [p2p-research] micropolitics vs waiting for the big thing 
Great  article, thanks Michel.
It actually prompted me to post (not adding much, just sharing the meme -
Micro-politics ).
