
@_date: 2010-08-10 11:02:05
@_author: Dan Brickley 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: important message to all p2p foundation 
This might seem terribly retro, but my recommendation would be that
the two of you pick up the phone, or better sit down face to face, and
sort out your differences using non-textual communication. Sorry if
this seems patronising or stating the obvious, but hey... Try working
on the assumption of mutual good faith, and figure out the basic
elements of a compromise solution - maybe starting with the least
emotionally charged topics, if you can even agree on what they are.
Markup complexity is not a black-and-white topic, so perhaps you could
start there?
I don't know either of you, I don't know whether you know each other
yet offline, or much of the backstory. I signed up to the list since
seeing a promising mention of the project in some presentation slides
recently, and have been skimming these distressed and upset-sounding
mails on and off for the last few weeks. Maybe your collaborative
relationship is unsalvageable, but I'd like to hear you've both tried
actually speaking to each other before seeing my inbox fill up last
resort discussions about wiki duplication and master passwords...
Good luck,
(btw I'm paying per megabyte to download these threads thanks to the
magic of 3G USB :)

@_date: 2010-12-22 10:33:52
@_author: Dan Brickley 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what about archive.org as an alternative to 
With storage costs dropping still, even though it's counter-intuitive,
centralisation can be quite attractive.
There's a Brewster Kahle talk on video up there somewhere, where he
says something like that you could have textual scans of every book
ever written in a server farm that costs less than the price of a
house. And talking with TV colleagues yesterday, that a very major
national TV archive (albeit in low-ish resolution) would fit in a
not-so-intimidating number of terrabytes.
So in general I'm all for distributed, decentralised, replicated and
all that. But it is very easy to forget the benefits that come with a
centralised approach, and also the amazing things that are possible as
technologies get cheaper. And of course it's not an either-or
situation. You could have a few archive.org-like supernodes with
different focus, collections etc, and still build a p2p distribution
Anyhow if you're interested in doing things with TV content from
archive.org, I recently blogged a howto. Their metadata can be crawled
but it's not so obvious without help. Some of the archive.org staff
helped me understand what to do, so I stitched their email
explanations together to make this post:

@_date: 2010-11-22 21:18:36
@_author: Dan Brickley 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Henry Story on Open Distributed Social Networks 
Thanks Sam! Yeah, we've kept things a bit 'relaxed' the last few
years, partly to cool down some unrealistic expectations from ~2004/5,
but also while other pieces of the technology landscape came together.
Without the likes of OpenID, OAuth, FOAF+SSL/WebID, and some machinery
for handling trust/provenance, there's only so much you can do with
FOAF on its own.
Yep, it's also supported in from Google (their social search machinery); in the Russian search
engine Yandex (
in Google Rich Snippets
... though as far as I know not directly in Wordpress. I think they
emit XFN, which is a similar system from the Microformats community,
and that's great too.
I'm most excited lately to see FOAF and RDF playing a role in open
datasets. The Social Web API scene is very crowded and I think the
vCard-based Portable Contacts spec is doing fine work there. FOAF
tends more towards extensibility and wide-scale data merging, which is
getting much more interesting now we're seeing huge releases of data
from goverments, activists, libraries, ...
And yeah we started back in 2000 when I turned my homepage into RDF
and Libby Miller did the same to hers. When big sites like LiveJournal
started publishing FOAF a while later, lots of our cute early demos
simply fell over due to the scale needed. So it's great to live in the
modern day Web now with tools like Hadoop around to take the strain.
Lately I've been pushing user data (from FOAF and misc open datasets)
into Apache's (hadoop-friendly) machine learning tools,
.... .... it's amazing the tooling you can get for free :)
Anyhow, I've been quietly lurking here on the p2p research list,
something somewhere gave me the impression that many of the (largely
unarticulated) thoughts behind FOAF fit with the mindset here, so I'm
happy if FOAF is of any interest in these parts...

@_date: 2010-11-22 21:24:44
@_author: Dan Brickley 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Henry Story on Open Distributed Social Networks 
This is generally missing, I'm ashamed to say. But I've made a note to
circulate here just as soon as I have anything fitting.

@_date: 2010-10-18 09:28:21
@_author: Dan Brickley 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the use of an opt-out consent request 
Hi Michel,
Ok so this is something of an aside, but if growing the new mailing
list is key, how about rationalising the list of URIs in your email
signature (and the standard signature for this list too, perhaps).
Lots of people get to read this and it's a nice low-hassle way of
drawing people in...
There's quite a lot going on there already, including two different
links for the Foundation, a Think tank, a collection of social network
activity stream sites, and a mailing list (this one). It's almost a
Web page in itself. If this url list were shrunk down to a
'Foundation' and 'Personal site' couple of URLs, it would make room
for a simple clear 'call to action' link, eg. "Join our announcements
mailing list for monthly updates " or similar.
I can see why opt-outs upset people. One way to balance that is to
begin very clearly up front with "You are receiving this mail because
you have previously expressed an interest in X. If you are no longer
interested, or are receiving this in error, ".
ps. re pulling other people into groups, the recent Facebook fuss
might be interesting.

@_date: 2010-09-06 15:44:19
@_author: Dan Brickley 
@_subject: [p2p-research] building a knowledge commons, 
On Sun, Sep 5, 2010 at 8:15 PM, Kevin Carson
Re twitter mining, I'd urge folks to reconsider. Even the connectivity
patterns (who you follow, who follows you) on twitter can be
incredibly revealing, since they are correlated with other aspects
(taste, preferences, political opinion, ...).
The company Hunch.com are building a business around this stuff, and
have some interesting services and statistics already. Hunch has its
own growing database of opinions, but large enough to cross-reference
with Twitter data.
See Profile of  users who like The Coen Brothers film directors:
This is a hunch-centric demo, not twitter, but to excerpt from
"People who liked Coen brothers were:
Much more likely to answer?
"Do you like Andy Warhol's art?"   with "Yes" (chart)
"Do you tend to support liberal or conservative politicians?" with
"Liberal" (chart)
"Does one of these people represent your general voice of reason?"
with  "Jon Stewart" (chart)
"Do you support the death penalty?" with "No" (chart)
"What did you think of the movie Napoleon Dynamite?"   with "Loved it" (chart)"
To this kind of data they add Twitter links, hence
"Twitter Follower Stats
What does who you follow on Twitter say about you?
Learn Interesting Stats about people who follow famous Twitter users."
Here's the analysis of followers of Sarah Palin,
(the Q/A is from Hunch multiple choice questions)
"When Hunch asks this /  followers are more likely to answer:
Q: Do you tend to support liberal or conservative politicians?
A: Conservative
Q: How do you feel about Walmart?
A: Walmart is a great way to save money and I'd welcome one within
driving distance of my home
Q: Do you think standards should change from generation to generation,
or stay the same?
A: They should stay. What worked for me will work for today's children.
By contrast, see statistically salient quirks of followers of eg.
Stephen Fry, There is also a "Twitter predictor" game which will estimate answers
for such questions for you, given a twitter account ID. Apparently it
only uses who-follows-who information, and ignores text, links, tags
This is built on a decent sized dataset now, "Hunch?s ?taste graph? now exceeds 10 billion connections ...  There
are currently more than 60 million distinct ?items? in the taste
graph.  An item can be a person, a place, an opinion, a movie, a pair
of shoes?or just about anything that you might either agree with,
disagree with, like or dislike. ... There are more than 10 BILLION
connections (proper math terminology would denote them ?edges?) in
Hunch?s taste graph. An example of a connection/edge is the fact that
a particular person likes the Honda Civic, or whether someone happens
to be a vegetarian. It?s these edges that give Hunch the ability to
make smart predictions even when it only knows a tiny bit about
So Twitter itself might be shallow, facile or whatever. But mining the
connectivity graph, especially when bridged to other datasets (like
Hunch, or Facebook, or other link-sharing networks) is well worth some

@_date: 2010-09-12 17:00:43
@_author: Dan Brickley 
@_subject: [p2p-research] coalition of the willing animation ... 
It's very beautifully done, which only made me feel a little
uncomfortable as the nameless, voice-actor'd narrator urged 'us' to
come together to make a war on global warming. When things look so
expensive, I like to know more clearly who is paying the bills and
whose voice the materials are speaking for. Especially when the word
'we' gets used so liberally. I'm not sure I buy the story of 60s
idealism being corrupted by consumerism either, but that doesn't
particularly matter.
Sorry, this is coming across over-skeptical. It's good stuff, I just
find the level of marketing polish makes me wary; that's a pity, that
I seem to be conditioned to expect progressive messages to be
amateurish... :/

@_date: 2011-01-02 12:00:09
@_author: Dan Brickley 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ulitmate anti-collapse video 
I love his work. One thing he does emphasise, and show very visually with
the gapminder tools in some presentations, ...is that you can break down big
regions ("Africa", "China") into subnational units. Sometimes it is useful
to compose a big picture from sweeping concepts like "Africa", other times
we learn more from looking at cities, nations, even smaller regions. The
important thing is to have the data in public shared space, and the tools
widely available so that every can explore their own re-presentation of the
raw materials.  And of course within a city or any population, there can be
huge inequalities. But we can celebrate the real progress of the last 200
years without being complacent, I'm sure.
For example, there was recently some fuss about fraud in Japan affecting
longevity stats there, where old age pensions were being collected by
families after death of the relative. See
 but if we have (a) the underlying data, attributed to its source (b)
our own access to the visualisation tools, then it's possible for others to
examine and explore the way those revelations affect the bigger picture.
That would work even in schools -- "OK, so how would this look, if we assume
that in Japan's figures...[insert statistical blabla here :]", then re-run
the visualization.
I don't know for sure. My impression is yes, but that's anecdotal.
I don't know that either. Good question.
But I do know that his GapMinder tools are available through Google now,
either as a 'widget' in the Google Spreadsheets system, or their
Visualization toolkit. Look for "Motion Chart" in
 :)
So the great thing here is we don't have to wait for another TV series to
find out, using equivalent visuals. We just need the best data we can get
our hands on. And for now, a Google account - the tools are freely available
but not opensource. Actually you don't need the google account except for
the Google spreadsheets stuff;
be run on your own site (though it will I think load software from
