
@_date: 2008-01-04 04:22:01
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ideas for geek platform 
Thanks Michel for sharing your views on the direction of developments you
would like to pursue for the    wiki and blog
In this reply , I like to rephrase a bit what we seem to be doing ... and my
main practical question is
" I wonder if there is a " To do " space on the p2p wiki ?
On the  main page ,
I do notice the "Can we help you? How to support us? " section and links ,
but did not find a " to do list " and , perhaps soon , " to do map " ? "
I allowed myself the draft initiative , in case it is not in some other
place :
and could perhaps invite all of us to make further suggestions and share
visions and intentions ?
" Visualization " of any set of chosen relations between any meta-data ...
further opening up Transparency towards greater collaborative empowerment
and broadened participation... Convergence , Confluence , Synthesis ,
Processes , Synchronization , Swarming , Boundary Spanning , Synergy
Opportunities , ...  Hubs ...
just to pick some of the themes and the paradigms many of us seem to be
developing or flowing to.
I certainly feel the p2pfoundation knowledge base you have initiated - and ,
for much of it , built up -
and all the people it now has the potential of attracting ,
is certainly a node in this new kind of non-structure rhizome paradigm i
feel is emerging
( or at least , that I like to see emerging ).
The Value Networks movements
also seem to be other
emerging nodes , although my current impression is
that Verna Allee Value Networks seem to be mostly centered on the United
States , and to my own current perception are somewhat elitist / corporate
managment based ( ? )
I am looking forward to the unleashing of potential in the emergent
convergence of human resources,  eventually also leading to the funds needed
to pay for the development of tools and the research and development related
to peer to peer paradigms.
I wonder if there is a " To do " space on the p2p wiki ? On the
 main page ,
I do notice the "Can we help you? How to support us? " section and links ,
but did not find a " to do list " and , perhaps soon , " to do map " ?
It feels it is all inter connected , and every development has the potential
to impact all the others.
Mapping the resources and the relations of resources we have access to , or
that we intend to converge ,
while using the intentions and the memes that motivate such convergence , is
a interesting prospect.
I think about networks of individuals who meet up and discuss in a non
digital world , and then reconnect in the digital world together with other
individuals and networks based in other cities and regions ,
online and offline boundary spanner and nomads ,
academics , self learners , students , programmers , artists , travelers ,
all kinds of thinkers ,  entrepreneurs  , entredonneurs , downshifting
ex-corporates , rhizomeshifting cooperates , netroot activists ,  managers
,  ... collective intelligence enthusiasts ...
and soon I hope also more retired passionnate self learners  ,  and their
unschooled grand children ...
all individuals connected to various old paradigm structures , allowing the
use of existing resources controlled by organizations as to develop the
meta-cortex facilitating optimization of energy and potential to increase
the scope of simple complexity.
I look forward to develop more space to experiment , and converge more
resources to facilitate such value creation.

@_date: 2008-01-04 15:59:03
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ideas for geek platform 
Hi Michel , Hi All ,
building processes in which we engage , and what practices each of us would
like to suggest.  //
Thanks for adding your wishes to the
page(+ community portal link
)  - when waking
up this morning I realized I could have named it " To Wish List " instead of
" To Do List "  ... as to leave it fuzzy , flexible , optional , visionary
... :-)
Although I realize you did even better when editing the page -
you set up subcategories " Wish List " , " Task List " , and " Projects
Undertaken ".
This is where I like to call the practitionners in each of us :
I imagine there are all kinds of methodologies used to , step by step ,
facilitate a shift from inspiration ,  to vision , to specific inter related
tasks to reach a vision , to collaborative project development ...
Perhaps some of us are  expert in such understanding ?
If so , what kind of " Process approaches " would you suggest , along the
open , peer to peer ,
equipotentialapproach - I
and also
Festivalism  ? ) is an approach
many of us seem to be using:
" Empowering Oneself By Empowering Others " ,
Up to now , ideas and collaborations emerge very much through emails ,
through Michel , through the lists , and individuals we like to think of as
interested in the topic of the message added in cc.
They also emerge through some face to face meetings ( often private
initiatives at our homes , sometimes BarCamps  ,
Network Gatherings  , or meetings
at spaces such as the Hubs - see global list on right side of this
site) , although this also is still
in a growing process what concerns this
(collaborative?) network.
Eventually existing tools such as the wiki , blog , mailing list , will
further develop and integrate further with each other and other tools (
social networking profiles / open ID ? , ... maps ? , ... )
When googling " process " on the p2p site , I find a lot of interesting
such as Process Economy  ( type of
economic transition ? ) , Peer Assist
physical gathering of peers ) , Co-Creation
Process  ( Product Development
?) ,  Chaordic
setting up purpuse oriented network structure ) ,Open
Organization, ...
there are also other interesting links that have been suggested by some of
us ( perhaps Josef ? )  in the recent past , such as Viable Systems
 ...
but to break this down and use practices that can facilitate our processes ,
moving from issues . to inspirations and suggestions , to finding out who
shares what common interests and projects ,
is still in the making - or at least , thats my impression.
I also remember Sam proposed Process Network Building
Perhaps we can further build on some of these steps , understanding what
questions to ask at what time , and making all the results available to
everyone ?
Or perhaps there are some other references or approaches you might have been
developping already on which I missed out ?
Perhaps  we can also recycle some approaches used in the open source
programming movements ?
Perhaps some of you have more expertise in these fields ?
Looking forward to hear from all of you

@_date: 2008-01-12 19:24:46
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Re: Defining terms for clear communication 
Hi Michel , Patrick , All ,
... hmm ... although I might not be an expert , in relation to this thread ,
I just realize its interesting to situate our communication midst
understanding of
... semantics ( ? ) *
... pragmatics ( ? ) *
"Related to semantics is the field of **
which studies the practical use of signs by
communities  of interpretation
within particular circumstances and contexts "
**" ... The ability to understand another speaker's intended meaning is
called **pragmatic competence. *"
... Meta-Pragmatics ( ? )**
" In anthropology ,
describing the rules of use for metapragmatic speech (in the same way that a
grammar would describe the rules of use for 'ordinary' or semantic speech)
is important because it can aid the understanding and analysis of a
culture's linguistic ideology .* "
I guess we do not yet have a language that allows for visualizing the
specific definitions of each concept and meaning we want to express or build
on. We often get lost in our own interpretations of semantics , or in
redefining continually within a group what we might mean by a certain word ,
and according to the context.
The p2p foundation wiki might be useful in collecting and positioning
different views and definitions.
Yet I feel it does not yet facilitate building with simple complexity.
I feel a positioning of relations , post symbolic language can emerge soon.
I would be happy to work on this with anyone interested.
I imagine a dynamic positioning of concepts relational base software.
I m not fully sure about the details to technically build up such a tool for
a language of languages.
I imagine , as hypothesis , that with such a positioning of relations tool
we could see the conceptual object and its relations to all other conceptual
objects , at various levels of abstractions , directly on a screen , or in a
3d hologram navigation , while being able to add , compare , or build on
everyones languages , not only from different cultures and spoken languages
, but the different interpretation of every word according to the relations
every person might make from it ,
and based on this , it becomes easier to compare and build on our
differences ,
and create even more value , through difference ( as difference opens up new
opportunities for relations )
while also having a medium / new kind of support to visualize and build on
infinite levels of abstractions.
In the way I visualize it in head , it seems that on such a tool any concept
, process , ... can be related between each other , in some ways like a big
mind map , but a completely flexible mind map , that allows for multiple
levels of abstraction ( for example , being able to use one relation between
objects , as an object itself but at level of abstraction +1 , ... )
I ve been researching projects or ideas that might relate to such intention
,or could be used and inspire such a tool.
The list of links is availble under tags such as
or for example ,
There are some softwares such as
but its not yet completely the kind of tool for a meta-cortex that I
For every dynamic object to be able to see each other , I imagine there to
be some kind of gravity - some links in relation to quantum gravity can also
be found on
I also like to imagine the combination of such a meta-cortex tool / dynamic
positioning or relations at various levels of abstraction ,
with a process dimensions engine software , for which details can be found
on I also guess cooperation could be possible with research departments in the
field of
I ve already mentionned such perspective with some of you ,
and for those with which I did not share it with yet ,
If you know any related projects , feel free to let me know.
If you are interested in this topic , please lets get in touch.
I believe such kind of tool , such kind of meta language , or new form of
writing ,
has the capacity to build beyond , yet integrate , all writing systems
currently used and used throughout history  -
  - including
alphabetic  ,
logographic, ... - , while also
integrating all different meanings of words according
to their contexts , throughout history ( as any kind of visualization option
, including historical and other contextual projections could be chosen )
When enough objects / concepts , ... relations at various levels of
abstraction are added , even when the sets of relations made would still be
in formation , by leaving it open for editing to everyone , and by allowing
further emergence through networking relational data bases ,
we will be able to visualize clouds , according to the perspective of
visualization chosen ,
of various meaning dimensions.
Meaning Dimensions , at the ability to create new relations collaboratively
based on their visualization , will allow a whole new path for communication
, beyond verbal language , yet also integrating verbal language , written
communication , of any language , any culture , any individual , any context
, ...

@_date: 2008-05-06 16:50:00
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Deadline 15 May : Funds for EU-US collaborative 
International Communication Association (ICA) - Home
*ICA is an academic association for scholars interested in the study,
teaching, and application of all aspects of human and mediated
and see also ( deadline 15 may ) :
US National Science Foundation (NSF) joins EUROHESC
US researchers are now able to apply for collaborative projects with their
European colleagues
US scientists interested in working in an international collaborative
research project on "Higher Education and Social Change" are now asked to
contact their European colleagues to prepare an application. Likewise
European researchers who were intending to include US collaborators can now
do so.
*The deadline for submission of outline proposal is on 15 May 2008* (12.00
hrs CET).
EUROCORES funding comes from national funding organisations, hence national
requirements may apply and this may result in additional material to be
provided along with the joint application to ESF. US researchers are
therefore kindly invited to contact Dr. Diane Spresser, Office of the
Assistant Director, Directorate for Education and Human Resources, NSF,
703-292-5118, dspresse at nsf.gov at EHR to find out more.
All details regarding the joint application to ESF (including call,
submission form, guidelines, FAQ and glossary) can be found at
 .
Please study this material carefully!
In case of further questions, please contact Dr. Frank Kuhn (fkuhn at esf.org)
at ESF.
With best regards,
Dr. Frank Kuhn
Science Officer for the Social Sciences
EUROCORES coordinator
European Science Foundation
1 quay Lezay-Marn?sia
67080 Strasbourg Cedex
Tel: +33 (0) 3 88 76 21 77
Cell: +33 (0) 6 37 50 32 24
Fax: +33 (0) 3 88 37 05 32
E-Mail: fkuhn at esf.org
Web:

@_date: 2009-04-24 01:39:20
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
Interesting thread.
I will also speak from my own experience.
First, I ll quote Michel
" but an institutional setting for learning, where people congregate and
people specialize in learning, transmitting knowledge, augmented or not by
p2p learning, that's a different matter for me "
and I ask - what is a University ?
I feel its possible to have the same elements outside of current university
or while having access to infrastructures currently related to Universities,
while not being enrolled.
One of the big issues for a lot of people that depend on access to money for
their living through such institutions, is that what they provide does not
necessarily need to be monetized - as it can be freely available through the
internet - unless they start hoarding knowledge.
My current conclusion :
My perception is that certain faculties ( such as the humanities ) in a
number of universities are already obsolete,
or to be more precise - they do not have added value compared to what I have
access to without being a student, and without having money, on the european
When asking some student friends why they officially enrol in university
courses instead of learning by themselves and with others,
some of the answers are :
- because they did not get/take the opportunity to find out what they where
passionate about, and need an environment that sets extrinsic motivation /
pressure on them to "study".
- because they see no alternative.
- because of the piece of paper you get from it / credentials.
- because of pressure from family and society.
The same may apply for mainstream high schools.
The connectivist reference has already been cited.
I d like to add another reference :
I believe that as we develop alternatives to some pillars of the current
university system,
such as in the field of credentials, university as we may know it today will
not be as important.
I heard the following argument from different people :
why wait several years before having some credential of what you learned ?
And why should such evaluation be done by university teachers ?
some more thoughs, including some of my own background in case you are
interested ...
I m a 26 year young man (  ) that choose to
drop out of school at the age of 15 because of boredom and lack of meaning -
lack of intrinsic motivation,
and since then developed what one may call a connectivist approach to
I decided not to enter university officially, but I still spend a lot of my
time on various university campuses and libraries in various cities across
europe. ( possibly more time then many of the enrolled students )
What I find useful at universities is that... they often have nice big
libraries, sometimes have free internet access, and converge young people
that, in some cases, make some time available and can be open to discuss or
learn things together.
So its ideal as a free "coworking space" , and as a socializing space.
I tend to spend more and more time on the internet,
which leads to an approach to learning which constantly needs to create
links between pieces of information, and between people.
Often I feel that studies limit the potential to question and learn, as many
students, especially in the first years of university where classes are
overpopulated, simply reproduce what is expected from teachers who, in many
cases here / continental europe, can not give any personal attention to
students.  And anyway, many of the teachers seem to be boring, reciting year
after year the same lectures.  Its more interesting to watch a video
presentation or a slideshow via the internet.  All teachers can set their
materials online, and suggest structures, and ideally I could make my own
mix, engage in finding solutions collaboratively with others,
and be evaluated gradually through a network of individuals, which can also,
eventually, include some notable professor.
When I was 18, I was not officially at university, but I gathered the
schedules of many of the courses available in the humanities department of a
university in Brussels, and attended the courses which I thought might be
more interesting, in various fields and different years.
Except for a few rare cases, I concluded that it was more interesting to ask
questions freely and search on the net and in books.
What I do lack is access to an environment to interact with others that
share common interests.  I lack access to sharing quality time with people
and build with them.
It took time, but such environments / communities of practice are
progressively becoming available to me, especially through online ecologies,
such as this one.
The problem is - few students seem to have the time to find out what they
are interested in.
I do not feel that entering university solves this lack of access to
I really crave face to face interaction with passionate individuals, and am
creating such networks myself - but it takes time, as most young people seem
to be too busy... studying,
or have a negative perception on learning,
as many I met confuse the notion of "learning" with a more narrow "studying
I look forward to create "learning houses" / "co-playing houses",
converging individuals that share common intentions, and can mutually
empower and motivate each other into getting deeper into knowledge
This is what I lack - some reference points related to objectives on which
one can work on together with other people one can choose to work with.
Spending time with other people I can develop close friendships with and
that have experience to provide.
This is probably what I would like to expect from " a university " - to have
access to passionate individuals "with" which I can learn.
I do not feel it is the case in current universities.
My approach to learning has become much more intuitive and non-linear over
I realize that I do not seem to express my thoughts in the same kind of
"language" as people that attended university.
My capacity of expressing myself linearly in "proper" french, or english,
has declined over time, as I ended up creating my own way of expressing
certain ideas.
Yet I realize that when I can spend enough time interacting within a certain
environment, I can quickly pick up their "language" / way of expressing and
constructing concepts,
and I seem to have a certain ease in understanding people from all kinds of
different backgrounds.

@_date: 2009-08-27 14:12:40
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The criminalization of using the commons 
Thanks Paul, Thanks Nathan,
for the use of such "anecdotes to work from, to ground our speculations in
I felt like sharing the strategy I ended up developing in the last years :
I hitch hiked accross europe for 5 years, without stable monetary income (
living with in average 100 euros a month of donations ), stopping by in
university libraries when I could to access books, the internet, and
Its still fairly possible to access universities in Europe, and attend any
course you may be interested in.
The difficulty probably being potential language barrier, although it can be
a good opportunity to pick up the language.
As for University Libraries, except perhaps for the UK, most of them can be
accessed easily, and in many of the richer countries in europe, have a lot
of specialized litterature in english. ( but few are open at night )
For Americans, I d recommend Amsterdam as a gateway to continental europe,
as most dutch people speak english, and dutch culture seems to be a good
bridge between american and sub-continental european socio-cultures.
If you prefer a small university town, I would perhaps recommend Tartu in
Estonia, or some university town in Denmark.
What I like in Tartu, beyond its free wireless access points, is that there
is empathy as there seems to be understanding of hardship.  People may not
be as talkative as in southern europe, but they felt very sincere , open,
caring and warm harted, especially the woman.
What concerns Denmark, I experienced a great public national wide library
system in Denmark - its free. Even though I was staying in a remote village,
I could order books in french and english stored at the university library ,
and the books would be sent to the small local library nearby me, within a
few days, for no cost, and I could take them back to my host.
What concerns hospitality, I would either use my own contacts , either
sometimes use hospitality networks such as   or
In Germanic countries, it was usually easier for me to connect with guys. In
France, with men and woman alike. In central and eastern europe, it was
easier to connect to woman, except for young educated men who where more
interested in communicating in a foreign language.
Together with friends, we are in the process of developing "nomad bases" :
But its not easy to be constantly on the road - it can lead to "ego
depletion".  ( a new word I learnt through Paul's post :-)   )
What helps to counter such ego depletion is making good friends that
understand whatever values we may stand for, hitchiking to camps and
unconferences ( mostly in summer ),
connecting with intentional sub-cultures, and having a girlfriend or
boyfriend that gives us a lot of warmth and that will host us
unconditionally, with which there is a intentional and spiritual connection.
Its not easy to find such people that are willing to understand what we are
working for, without money.
I notice one main difficulty is that my presence leads my host to requestion
hes or her life - few people are prepared to do that, and even if you get
along really well with your host, if your host does not have this interest,
they will prefer you to move on after the initial curiosity has been
satisfied, then to have to requestion their lives and the society in which
they may be living.
What worked best for me is to be hosted by people that share a common
intention - it creates a strong synnergy.
After a few years, one becomes so sensitive that one somehow can intuitively
spot the people with which there is such connection, even in the street.
The next step is then to learn how to connect without letting verbal
language and socio cultural norms get into the way.  Usually it happens
through sharing presence, and through the eyes.
Such lifestyle, after a few years, with only the internet , the stars , and
our self reflecting value systems and intentions as reference points ,
lead to a state of high abstraction, crossing multiple paradigms , multiple
realities , not knowing what event happenned first, ending up with a
Rhizomatic life, and when on the road, having days that last several days
and nights.
It can lead to a state of extreme detachment, of "zoom out", of "in
betweenness of in betweenness"... and of... Ego depletion...
Its an interesting spiritual experience.  Learning to keep faith in this
learning platform.
As for me right now, I ve been back in my native town, Brussels, since one
year.  I m 26 now ( 2 years in asia , 5 years in europe, 2 years in the
library ).   I took me one year to heal from the last 5 years of traveling.
It took me time to rebuild a local social network which is mutually
There are a number of objectives.  I m reading this as it is a source of
learning and of connecting with others with whom such synnergies can be
Individuals with whom such understanding and awareness can be transferred
into prototypes,
so that the prototypes become the medium embodying a certain awareness,
and enabling further convergence.
Hopefully enabling systems of mutually empowering mediums that maximize
opportunities, and not coercion.
On Wed, Aug 26, 2009 at 6:09 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-12-29 13:28:26
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
Any of us has tricks for having access to new books without buying them ? ,
in addition to bookcrossing,and between our networks, in relation to topics
of interest that we share.
By reviewing them ?
By having them ordered through teachers and researchers we know at
university libraries ?
If you review books, and get free copies, is there a way we could imagine to
have books shared between us ?
By lightfoot ?
I cc Robin, as a small library is emerging at casarobino Amsterdam
Nomadbase, and Topi, who builds up a small library in he's sailing boat,
both possibly being transit nodes?
I also wonder if there is a way to circumvent copyright on books, other then
through excerpting, as to enable a digital copy.
Would it be legal to retain one digital copy for each hardcover book?
And circulate them on usb, in a deadswap way?
Can we imagine combining ideas such as lightfoot, deadswap, bookcrossing,
and our own little thematic offline "project Gutenberg"?
Feel free to forward...

@_date: 2009-02-28 14:41:26
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: How the Derivatives 
*" Why don't we see a grassroots movement to abolish financial gambling
markets? "*
to very much an extent, you will find such kind of
( or
netroots  ? or rhizomatic ? )
movements converging through ecologies/brands such as ATTAC
which initially was created to demand taxation of speculation on stock
markets ( "tobin tax" ).
But then, it may not simply be the stock market, but also the current
mainstream monetary creation architecture - the way money is created.
further notes :
As I currently understand it:
fiat currency created through fractional
; debt with interest needing ever more economic growth ( and new
markets, including speculative markets ) to create more debt with interest
to cover the interest owed to the banks,
monopolized by a few currencies by a globalized banking system cartel;
This, from my current point of view, creating the foundations, and even the
need for such pyramidal gambling structure.
It might also be interesting to understand what we would want to define as
speculation .
Simply by accepting fiat
currencyfor a service or a
product I offer, I might, through trusting the potential
guarantee on such units ( as for example the guarantee to pay taxes with it
? ) , be speculating that these units can be used for other exchange
purposes in a near or distant future ?
Hence it might be interesting to have monetary creation systems with full
transparency to all as to what or who guarantees, and what we deem being of
value for a guarantee.  It also opens up the question of property, and
accumulation of property, hence also the question of the commons. For
example, Can individuals or entities accumulating property beyond their own
use value needs responsibly guarantee / speculate (?)  their property in the
interest of social and ecological well being and sustainability for all ?
I feel such questions lead us back to ecologies such as p2pfoundation or the
transitioner , which serve as aggregators for individuals with questions and
potential alternatives for ( holoptic? - as opposed to
 ) distributed systems, towards
increased ( emergent ? ) collective intelligence ?
ps: I mentionned ATTAC, just to name one of the possibly current best known
alter-globalization convergence "brands" focusing on questions of finance in
western europe and beyond / apparently active in about 40 countries in the
But there are others.
Possibly one may also want to mention other thinkthanks / thinknets
Also ... some of us here connected through p2pf ecologies ? ( around
 ,  ,
 )
and ( perhaps ? ) one may also mention some of our friends working on
complementary currencies / alternative monetary creation systems - might be
worth double checking what kind of speculative aspects might be included in
various financial architectures proposed by each - :
 , open coin, bit coin, lietaer with
terra's, ... you, me ?
... :-)

@_date: 2009-07-29 11:14:36
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] http://www.twibes.com/p2pf ( Was Re: Hi Michel - 
Hi Michel, Hi All,
here goes *for those of us who would like to aggregate their tweets* :
I just realized, Michel, that you already posted about twibe in May, on this
list :
apologies for this late response :-)

@_date: 2009-06-16 12:07:58
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Ecology 
to bounce on Michel's Village Forge suggestion,
I feel like reminding this other open source project focused on architecture
which includes a number of listed open source projects

@_date: 2009-06-26 14:53:01
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Video : Trillions Fed money off balance sheet ? 
*another interesting hearing ( in addition to the federal reserve Inspector
General Hearing further below )  :
"Fed Vice Chair Donald Kohn testified before the Financial Services
Committee today, along with John Bovenzi of the FDIC. The Fed's balance
sheet has expanded by $1.2 trillion since September 1. Where did the money
go? Kohn wouldn't say."*
and a news report on the same hearing, with better sound quality :
*"So, you know about the Treasury's $700 billion bailout plan. But you
probably don't know that the Federal Reserve has lent out about $2 trillion
since September. Few do. And that is what's irritating bulldog Congressman
Alan Grayson. Will he be able to shed a light on the Fed's secret spending?"
On Tue, Jun 23, 2009 at 11:33 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2009-06-30 00:30:15
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Partnership ? : Institute For a New Reflexion on 
*partners :*
description :
The Institute for research and debate on governance is a ? think tank ?
based in Paris, with an office in Bogota. Born of an FPH initiative, its
mission is to facilitate debate on governance by delivering expertise,
setting up training modules, organising seminars and gathering and
disseminating documentation (website and publications). The IRG uses methods
that are :
[image: -] cross-disciplinary, cross-fertilising of contributions from
specialists in political science, anthropology, economy, law, etc.
[image: -] multi-actor, through connecting the realms of academia, national
administration, civil society organisations, traditional and religious
[image: -] international and intercultural, through connecting networks of
researchers and practitioners from the five continents, the IRG brings out
the diversity of cultural responses to issues of governance.
In 2008-2009 IRG?s activities will revolve around five programs:
Three of these programs address major governance issues and the way they are
[image: -] legitimacy and the deep-rootedness of power; -co-production of
public goods and multi-actor partnerships;
[image: -] institutional engineering and public action reform;
Two programs are concerned with the vectors of change in the field of
[image: -] public affairs training;
[image: -] Analysis and evaluation of governance.
l'IRG est h?berg? au quatri?me ?tage du 38 Rue Saint-Sabin ! C'est une
nouvelle illustration de la strat?gie g?n?rale de la fondation, d?j?
concr?tis?e dans le pass? par la cr?ation des Editions Charles L?opold Mayer
(ECLM) et de l'Alliance des ?diteurs ind?pendants (AEI) : aider ? la
cr?ation d'institutions autonomes li?es par un partenariat strat?gique ?
long terme avec la fondation plut?t que de cr?er de nouvelles activit?s en
son sein
inscrivez-vous ? notre lettre
Nos infos ...Oeconomie et soci?t?
L'IRE (Initiative pour Repenser l'Economie), cette fois c'est parti.
Infos Partenaires...Info Partenaire n?
*1. D?bat international sur la
*- Ca y est, l'IRG (Institut pour un nouveau d?bat pour la
Institute For a New Reflexion on governance) est cr?? !
- Quelle peut-?tre la contribution de l'Union europ?enne au d?bat
international sur la
 ?
- Une mise en commun des r?seaux et des r?flexions sur la
la fondation Ford.
- Exploiter les th?ses ?crites depuis dix ans sur la
*2. Territoires et
*- Les raisons pour la fondation de s'int?resser aux territoires. *
* *3. La gouvernancemondiale
* *
*- Les ONG sont-elles en mesure de faire des propositions s?rieuses de
transformation du syst?me commercial multilat?ral ?
- Les ONG ont-elles un impact sur les n?gociations de l'OMC ?*
*- La gouvernancemondiale
et droits de l'homme : le deuxi?me congr?s de Nantes
*- La promotion des logiciels libres dans le monde associatif.*
*4. Oeconomie et soci?t? durable*
*- L'IRE (Initiative pour Repenser l'Economie), cette fois c'est parti.
- Parlons Oeconomie.
- La restauration collective, un point de levier essentiel pour transformer
les fili?res agro-alimentaires.*
- *La nouvelle critique sociale : analyses nouvelles ou lev?e des tabous ?
l'?gard d'analyses d?j? anciennes ?*
4. Oeconomie et soci?t? durable
 *L'IRE (Initiative pour Repenser l'Economie), cette fois c'est parti.*
Cela fait bient?t deux ans que la fondation s'interroge sur la possibilit?
de lancer dans le champ de l'?conomie une d?marche semblable ? l'initiative
qu'elle a prise dans le domaine de la gouvernance et qui aboutit maintenant
? l'Institut pour un nouveau d?bat sur la gouvernance (IRG). Un an d?j? que
nous travaillons ? un texte d'appel de l'IRE (Iniative pour Repenser
l'Economie). Exercice p?rilleux de navigation entre les deux ?cueils d'une
d?marche trop universitaire, dont la valeur ajout?e serait contestable, et
d'une approche trop centr?e sur les alternatives partielles, qui ne
proposerait pas d'alternatives ? l'?chelle des probl?mes actuels des
syst?mes de production et d'?change. A l'issue d'une r?union collective
tenue en f?vrier, la fondation lance ? la fin du mois de mai 2006 un appel ?
des r?seaux universitaires qu'elle pense sympathisants d'une telle d?marche.
Elle d?finira les suites ? donner en fonction de l'?cho rencontr? (document
? t?l?charger
Plaquette d'information de
*Parlons Oeconomie.*
Peut-on mettre du vin nouveau dans les vieilles outres ? Peut-on, pour
engager une r?flexion de fond sur les modalit?s de production et d'?change
susceptibles de d?boucher sur une soci?t? ? la fois responsable, plurielle
et solidaire, utiliser pour qualifier ces syst?mes le mot " ?conomie " dont
tout le monde a oubli? la racine ?tymologique qui signifie les r?gles du jeu
de la gestion de l'espace domestique, pour ne retenir de la notion que ce
qu'en enseignent les facult?s d'?conomie ? Pierre Calame, dans une courte
note de r?flexion, justifie son choix de parler d'oeconomie et en propose
une d?finition (document ?
*Vers des fili?res agro-alimentaires durables ?*
Une soci?t? durable est une soci?t? o? les syst?mes de production, d'?change
et de consommation sont compatibles avec la pr?servation de l'int?grit? de
la biosph?re. Un des moyens les plus int?ressants d'approfondir cette
question est de savoir si les fili?res de production sont ou non durables.
L'?conomie, en effet, est organis?e ? l'?chelle internationale en fonction
de ces fili?res qui tissent aujourd'hui une vaste toile, ?tendue ? l'?chelle
du monde. Mais si de nombreuses approches partielles existent, nous ne
disposons pas, ? notre connaissance, d'analyses d'ensemble de fili?res qui
puissent permettre de qualifier, de l'amont de la production ? l'aval de la
distribution, comment se consomment les ressources naturelles non
renouvelables et comment se r?partit la valeur ajout?e entre les diff?rents
acteurs. D'o? la proposition, ? l'occasion de la pr?paration du Forum
international de Lyon pour une mondialisation responsable, de proc?der ?
l'?tude d'ensemble de la fili?re agro-alimentaire afin de mesurer la "
durabilit? " de diff?rentes alternatives, depuis le type d'agriculture
jusqu'au type de consommation (document ?
*La restauration collective, un point de levier essentiel pour transformer
les fili?res agro-alimentaires.*
La fondation est convaincue depuis quelques ann?es que l'organisation
sociale de l'alimentation est au coeur de toute ?volution des fili?res
agro-alimentaires. C'est l'objet de notre soutien d'une part ? l'association
Alimenterra, qui est en train de proc?der ? un vaste recueil d'exp?riences
innovantes dans l'Union europ?enne, et d'autre part ? la d?marche euro
am?ricaine du Food Laboratory.
Un des effets de levier principaux qui est ?tudi? est celui de la
restauration collective dans les ?coles et dans les h?pitaux. Le r?le des
collectivit?s publiques est l? d?terminant. Les exemples des h?pitaux de
Londres, des ?coles de Rome et de Copenhague montrent l'impact de la
commande publique sur l'alimentation et sur l'agriculture. L'universit? de
Cardif, au Royaume Uni, est en train de conduire une r?flexion sur les
indicateurs de restauration durable. Cette d?marche commence ? int?resser
fortement l'Organisation Mondiale de la Sant? (OMS). La France, qui se veut
le berceau du bien manger, ferait sans doute bien de ne pas ?tre ? la tra?ne
(pour en savoir plus : cpeckhamarobasealimenterra-org).
*La nouvelle critique sociale : analyses nouvelles ou lev?e des tabous ?
l'?gard d'analyses d?j? anciennes ?*
Selon la fondation, la lenteur de l'?volution des syst?mes de pens?e et des
institutions en comparaison de la rapidit? d'?volution de nos soci?t?s est
une source majeure des difficult?s actuelles. D'o? l'int?r?t de comprendre
mieux ? quoi tient la lenteur des syst?mes de pens?e. En prenant l'exemple
des r?flexions actuelles sur les politiques de l'?ducation, on peut montrer
que les analyses pr?sent?es aujourd'hui comme nouvelles existaient depuis
trente ans. Ces analyses allant ? l'?poque contre les id?es ? la mode, elles
?taient tout simplement ignor?es par le monde intellectuel (document ?
Contacter la FPH  - Plan du
site FPH bureau ex?cutif, 38 rue Saint Sabin, F 75011 Paris-France
FPH si?ge social et bureau en Suisse, Chemin de Longeraie, 9 CH 1006

@_date: 2009-03-22 18:49:20
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [My-ci] CODED CULTURES - Exploring Creative 
CODED CULTURES -Exploring Creative Emergences
Binational Festival to explore new artistic creative Ability-Profiles
within media integrated Delineation Cultures
further details are available at:
Loctation: MuseumsQuartier Vienna
Opening:          May 27th 2009  Freiraum/quartier21
Symposium:        May 28th - May 31st  2009 - Museum of Modern Art Vienna
Exhibition:       May 27th - June 07th 2009 - Freiraum/quartier21
ABOUT CODED CULTURES - Exploring Creative Emergences
The second edition of CODED CULTURES is a binational festival (Austria
? Japan) in the year 2009 to explore new artistic practices and
creative ability profiles within media integrated project-cultures and
digital media related art, focusing on Japan and Europe. The festival
is part of the official ?Austria ? Japan Year 2009?.
Through the establishment of new creative cultures, enabled by digital
media and global communication networks, new practices and ability
profiles of creative and artistic delineation and exploration are
gaining new grounds. Furthermore, economic models are eager to create
synergies with symbolic values of cultural and artistic programs to
deal with the potentials of ?creativity?. At the moment these profiles
are roughly subsumed (e.g. as ?creative class?), but at the present
day it is difficult to predict which catalysts and draft programs can
be put into effect for these creative innovation processes. On the
other hand it has to be questioned if innovation like it is understood
by policy makers of entrepreneurship is a desired state for artistic
projects and networks. This phenomena which is set up via global nodes
of creativity (e.g. networks, communities, organizations, projects,
etc.) is more and more uprooting disciplinary guidelines and permitted
structures of local traditions. Therefore, this vectors have changed
the ways of cooperation and development in socio-cultural production
paradigms. CODED CULTURES is asking how artistic and creative projects
are dealing with this conditions and in which way they support or
antagonize this developments.
In this context ?new? things happen based on cultural conditions of
transformation, which have departed from established mechanisms of
delineation and creation. They activate an innovation-fabric which
does not yet have any adequate surface for the assessment of
observations and mediations in such transformation processes. ?CODED
CULTURES ? Exploring Creative Emergences? enables and presents
artistic-creative production coherences which are based on digitally
linked media-cultural organizations and actively integrate these into
the delineation process of their operating level. Thereby, new options
of interaction emerge within the intersection of art / culture /
economics / knowledge development / idea aggregation / intermediation
a.s.o. This parameters are integrated in the conditions of digital
communication and media technologies, as well as their conditions of
Therefore, the festival creates a surrounding in which new ways of
emerging arts, creativity, theories, projects and ideas can be
explored in the field of digital media related forms of creative
delineation and arts. The particular aim is to present, discuss and
criticize topics, which are situated on the intersection of
disciplines and activities in order to enforce new potentials of
artistic practices and positions. By these means, persons who derive
joy from discovering ways to circumvent limitations, are welcome to
take part of the festival. Regarding this, CODED CULTURES is
presenting projects, works, theories and networks which are shaping
new vectors of creation and art situated between: e.g. Science & Art,
Technology & Art, Design & Art, Fashion & Art, Economy & Art, a.s.o.
Responsible for the content:
MuseumsQuartier Wien / quartier 21
Museumsplatz 1/10/7, 1070 Vienna
mail: office at codedcultures.net
my-ci mailing list
my-ci at orgnets.net

@_date: 2009-05-02 19:53:07
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
Hi Paola
I often met people that try hard not to show any relation to "politics",
sometimes as they try to escape from any potential conflicting aspect
related to power.
( third chakra ? )
in relation to your last mail , citing you
" take a stance when I cant avoid it  "
" I strive for an ideology free world "
That sounds, from what I feel from it, like a stance and an ideology in
itself :-)
As for communist states in china and vietnam, as far as I know and in the
way I perceive it,
it are power structures using the ideology of communism. Some also combine
the ideology of capitalism and communism at the same time, as long as it
serves their ( non-democratic ? ) interests.
Perhaps it might be of interest to examine points of view related to power
structures in any system.
I would be interested in having access to more resources in such field of
comparison, although there are already some comparisons between systems on
p2pf wiki ?
the p2p meme, I have the impression, can in itself also be seen as an
enable emergent autonomy of peers compared to any other specific node in the
through distributed inter-dependence.
Yet it might also be interesting to examine potential cases where a
distributed p2p approach would go in favor of increased inequality of access
to resources and opportunities...
It opens up the whole question of property.
What property ideologies best support p2p emergence and sustainability ?
...

@_date: 2009-05-02 20:44:40
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
from my current point of view,
property of any individual could ideally be limited to what one uses.
hence not encouraging accumulation,
which possibly adds an incentive for quality ?
example : if I use my computer, I own it.
if I have one old computer I do not use anymore, I am not entitled to its
property anymore.
although I could imagine I could perhaps have a say in the governance of who
makes future use of it ?
but this opens up many more questions.
who has access to the fruit of production capacity ?
consumers of the production ?
who are allowed to be the consumers of production ?
How far stretches the definition of "using" ?
Do I own the processing capacity of my computer that I do not use?
Do I own the hard disk capacity of my computer that I do not use ?
I like Ryan's answer - how do we manage the governance of... the use of
property ?

@_date: 2009-05-02 21:06:33
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
nice to read your replies.
I m glad such dimensions can be shared through this list.
I hope others on the list find some interest in it.
I personally feel limited by words, and logic,
although they are great existing tools.
I sometimes find it fun to play with them,
but more and more appreciate the non-linear intuitive perceptions,
which are more difficult to express in a more linear logical process.
I look forward to some kind of ( immersive, emergent, spatial ? )
post-symbolic language that could enable much greater synthesis.
Some kind of big heuristic map with infinite dimensions that enables to see
all relations with all relations, at infinite levels of abstractions, browse
them, and build on them, enabling comparisons of dimensions of meaning
In such form of expression, especially when a great number of data bases
with a great diversity of relations would be connected,
one would could "decide" to "use" and build information all together and in
a more integral way, as every relation can be seen as having an impact on
all other relations in the dimensions of meaning of such post symbolic
language. ( in which processes, and the consicousness processes are being
experienced, could also be seen - I can send some axioms I dreamed of to
anyone interested )

@_date: 2009-05-02 21:24:16
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
Paola ( cc: people on the research list : I hope you see this as a thread
and that it does not burden your email account )
personally, always ready to re-question :-)
thats the kind of life I have lived in the last years, as a (
post-industrial ? ) nomad.
especially as carrying the accumulation of possessions while hitch hiking
"feels heavy" and "feels unsustainable" ( slows me down, makes me tired, and
leads to pain in my back and knees )
I also like to suggest some of the sentences on this site
the question is : does the protection of private property ( and of the
accumulation of provate property ? ) increase or decrease the  access to
resources, and the capacity to co-create opportunities ?
from my own experience again, my whole nomadic lifestyle of the last years
was based on the optimization of resource use ( and of my autonomy through
increased interdependence ) through a distributed approach : for example -
hospitality, hitch hiking,  ...
using resources available wherever I ended up, when they where shared.
yes, a free shop !
yes, a lot of questions open regarding governance :-)
interesting paths we are opening, or re-opening.

@_date: 2009-05-03 15:09:33
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
Amazing , Great replies !
I feel this topic could go on for ever !
Right now, I feel like using the perspective of ( the feeling of ? )
I want to see if we can collaboratively develop suggestions for solutions.
Can we feel secure without having specific control on one specific object,
place or person ?
Can we feel secure when knowing that our interdependence can rely on
"requests" to and from others.
How do we choose to experience security ?
Do we need reference points ?  Can we develop distributed reference points ?
How can these questions be answered ?
I ll give it an attempt below,
re-opening a few questions,
and re-opening the topic of information systems - including money -,
consciousness, ...
What is "*engagement*" in a p2p paradigm of relationships ?
Is engagement in a p2p approach about staying open to collaboratively
empower each other towards an aim,   and not about specific mutual
expectations ?
How can we visualize *resilience* in p2p systems ? Through its *capacity to
understand and learn* / adapt ?
Is there any situation in p2p systems where *coercion* is being used ?
Or is it merely a matter of each peer *making choices* in relation to *what
it can do* towards supporting a choice...
without needing to impose action on others ?
Yet ... choices indirectly impact the environment which we can all
Is "engagement" merely that of *( having access to ) participating* when one
wants to choose to participate / equipotentiality ?
*How do we collaboratively visualize the ( potential ) impacts of our
choices on our shared environments*.  How can each of us have the potential
to make informed choices,
as to potentially *decide to act together with others towards common
intentions* ?
Is accumulation of ownership of property facilitating equipotentiality ?
What forms of ownership facilitate equipotentiality ?
Does equipotentiality lead to a feeling of security ?
These are some inter-related questions that lead me to think about
information systems"*.
I mentioned some non linear axioms for a post-symbolic spatial language
previously. ( some kind of "meta-cortex" )
I ll reply to Georg in a next email, with some links and some more details.
Such meta-cortex can be a distributed information system that allows such
holoptic visualization.
Yet *I also see other tools, which are closer to what we would currently
call "money", although defined in a different way, with a different
which itself could be visualized in the spatial post-symbolic language.
I ll describe such kind of money architecture in the next paragraph.
For the moment, I realize a great deal of interdependence is
as it is specifically dependent on specific information systems
architectures such as the current mainstream form of money. ( I ll add a
description further below ** )
Instead of a system where debt/money is owed from individuals to other
individuals or entities,
*I look forward to "reverse" the way we look at debt.*
Instead of owing debt to others, everyone can choose to owe debt to
intention one wants to support. ( Hence, *units could become "requests for support"*
Instead of having a debt monetary system,
one could have a "request for support" monetary system.
If you are interested, I can send you more details.
Although as Michel Bauwens pointed out, many of us are coming out with new
inventions for monetary systems,
and perhaps the MetaCurrency project can serve as an aggregator where we can
compare and be mutually inspired by our system designs.
** Brief reminder / description of current mainstream money story as I see
it :
Many of us seem to set ourselves within the dimensions of interdependence
which are "dependent" on monetary information systems.
I realize that todays monetary information systems are setting most
individuals in society into the consciousness of a dimension of "debt".  As
debt is created ... money is created...
Money currently seems to be "debt"... to a system with a private banking
system... which promotes accumulation of other peoples debt.
There seems to be a strong meme embedded in western socio culture which
promotes itself through the aim of accumulating other peoples debt in the
interest of our individualistic coercive decision making capacity on
Furthermore, this coercive consciousness dimension is addicted, as there is
interest... that needs to be paid with debt units/money that do not exist
yet... hence the need to continually grow the total debt through creating
new markets ( including speculative markets ).
All this in ... the interest of the ones that have been able to accumulate
and/or hoard other peoples debt... giving them power in a artificially
scarce system of debt exchange units...

@_date: 2009-05-03 18:08:44
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
Hy Ryan
I share your interest in , if I understand properly,
studying feed back loops in a system of choices in p2p dynamics,
and how this emergent system of choices in a distributed system :
- enables the system of peers to dynamically adapt its relations ( aka: it
learns ? and adapts ? )
- enables a peer in a system of peers to understand sets of relations and
use such understanding in the choices in can contribute when being past of a
distributed system of peers.
In other words,
The feedback loops between participation of peers to an environment and the
positioning of choices of each peer in such environment - through actions
and choices which can raise questions, and through materials documenting
such processes.

@_date: 2009-05-03 20:07:20
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
very interesting topics.
Should we map them ? Create wiki pages ? Or specific ecologies to process
further ?
By the way,
What could ( or is already ? ) the strategy to further input such questions
and process them ?
Is there a topology of "ecologies " ?  Both physical space ecologies and
online ecologies ?
How do feedback loops work in relation to ecologies ?
How to best engage in such trans-disciplinary processes ?
Also, up to now we converse through mailing list - we may be in different
parts of the world.
I felt that one first step, when we are a minority of people with common
questions, is to find each other. The internet is opening up our potential
to progressively emerge collaboration dynamics by converging such people on
a world wide scale, using a rather largely spoken language - english.  This
is happening right now, through this list, and other lists.
The second step , I feel, was for some of us to meet face to face, through a
international meeting, such as the p2pf/oekonux gathering in Manchester a
few weeks ago.
Is the next, third step, to reach a critical mass to develop such dynamics
in local social networks ? With people we can meet face to face. And
collaborate full time on projects, potentially by living together ?
If so, how do we reach it ? By gathering the people spread all over the
world into one place on a longer period of time as to be able to "manifest"
prototypes such as E-Farm ?
E-farm seems to offer the vision of the advantage of increasing autonomy by
setting up productive capacity to self sustain, and replicate this model to
other communities.
What other strategies do we use/could we use?
I look forward to facilitate the emergence of autonomous p2p production
capacity a la "Open Source Ecology".
My current strategy : I stopped traveling , as I felt there is not enough
potential for stigmergic intentional aggregation of resources through
"request for support" yet ( the "Dante" brand works, but not optimally yet
:-p ) ,
and try to create more or less long term autonomous urban physical spaces
serving as aggregators for peers sharing such intentions.
Can we get allies in the academic world to set up such spaces ?
I feel such p2p non proprietary social network aggregation spaces can be an
alliance of urban coworking spaces ( with potential variety of objectives )
, p2p tutoring spaces such as
 , p2p bike repair spaces, p2p nomad spaces such
as  , p2p farming spaces such as e-farm, p2p fablab
spaces, hackerlab, ...
perhaps also p2p university spaces ... such as libraries ? How would this
manifest ?
Are such spaces emerging nearby you ? Are they getting connected with each
other ?
Up to now, from my perspective, there is the potential to converge and
participate in - our growing ? :-) - network of ecologies, including
and the will to organize a ( more formal, grant applying ? ) alliance of p2p
researchers. ( Athina, Michel, ... )
There are very active aggregators and facilitators ( such as Michel Bauwens
through p2pfoundation ), and these efforts in turn further attract
participant peers.
Should there be further spin-off aggregators from , for example, this
mailing list, for more specific questions , which adopt similar strategies ?
Although I m not sure if spin-off is the approproate word.
People involved in the MetaCurrency project also see to follow this list,
and participate in it,
and I in turn would be interested in further participating in a MetaCurrency
How can we visualize better when it might be more appropriate to create more
general aggregator platforms.
For example, my current feeling is that MetaCurrency is possibly more
general in terms of currency types of information system architectures, and
could lead to questions which can create spin-offs,
yet MetaCurrency seems more specific compared to p2pfoundation ?

@_date: 2009-05-03 20:45:48
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
Hi Georg,
I am very interested in the development of the MetaCurrency brand and
ecology, as an aggregator enabling collaboration, and the current
resonnance/spirit and intentions of the MetaCurrency project. I have had a
brief contact with Arthur , Fernanda , Jean-Francois, ... ( whom I bcc )  I
also remember the openmoney ning : Thanks for your interest in some of the axioms of the spatial post symbolic
Some of the pages I wrote are still available on the web archive :
I ll try to sum it up:
- First, emergent data bases of relations.
objectified and allow for new relations to be made at higher levels of
Objects/relations mutually define each other, from the point of view of the
The observer can move its view along the system of relations.
I do not currently think about defining a specific grammar , as Levi seems
to do with Ieml :  ,
yet I do, for example, imagine it would be fun to integrate Levi's grammar
as a set of relations which can add itself to the emergent database, and
allow for comparisons, and visualizing the position if its set of relations
compared to other sets of relations/objects in the database.
So I would prefer letting the emergent set of relations, through the
visualization of its layers of abstractions, let its own grammar appear, by
visualizing the dimensions of meaning and various patterns that come out of
it, allowing us after words to create interpretations.
The post symbolic language would be a system which would for example also
allow the zoom in/out of the emergent (networked) database of relations.  It
can build itself on existing definitions of relations - including all verbal
and pictographic , etc definitions for sets of relations.  The database is
inclusive, although the observer can choose its point of view, and potential
filters on its point of view. I can for example compare sets of relations
for objects related the object(word related to "energy" in english, and in
mandarin chinese.
I tried to create a collection of related topics and projects on
- Secondly, in this emergent networked data base or relations ( we already
have access to a huge data base of relations, via the internet - but its not
yet the visual immersive interface I dream of )
one can also include axioms related to the process dimensions,
which create relations which are objects ( depending on the point of view of
the observer )
The process dimensions start with 0,1,2,3
0 = inspiration
1 = trust
2 = action
3 = contemplation
some drawings :
there is a positive and a negative values of each of these, determining the
consciousness of the process dimension.
It is a non-linear system, and the values of consciousness can, when
observed from a broader brane that contains another process dimension,
reverse its flow.
It would be possible to use this to visualize the consciousness of the
systems in which we operate and/or that we create, using it as a tool to
visualize how to maximize opportunities according to intentions.
It would also allow to see relations between process dimensions.
It are basic elements on which one can build to visualize non-linear
I like to call such approach " simple complexity ".
I made a collection of related links on
One could for example see the consciousness of the processes of a exchanges
information system based on addicted debt ( such as a monetary system where
money is created through debt on which there is interest ) ,
and compare it with the consciousness of processes of a exchanges
information system based on reversed debt/debt to intention/request for
support , met by support,
and also the potential interactions between them.
But easiest would be to talk about it face to face, and navigate into such
systems by using my hands as a way of expressing the position of the objects
towards each other.
The people that usually grasp such system easily are usually conceptual
minded people, who are at ease with visualizing spaces, and movement in and
between spaces.
In some cases, I can start a conversation with a person that sees it, about
complex topics and how processes interact with each other, and with what
consciousness, through using the process dimensions.
Developing a software that would make this available to all would be
awesome, and useful, I believe, as a meta-cortex - a holoptic system. in
which we can all collaborate.

@_date: 2009-05-10 10:40:40
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
Hi Marco,
very good point, and interesting answers from Ryan, Michel , Marc, ...
I ll add my say, although I may be repeating what has been said already :
Marco, I would agree with your observation.
I feel that ideally we would use non-proprietary softwares, etc
and I look forward to head in that direction.
I like the "car heading to" metaphor.
In practice, I use a gmail account, but also have other email addresses
which use the server of a trusted friend, yet I mostly end up using the
gmail address as its more practical.
I would prefer using a non proprietary p2p solution, if and when it gives me
a better service and experience.
For the moment, fears for privacy, of which I have been aware from the
start, do not yet outweigh benefits of the gmail service. Although I am
aware I may regret it some day.
Ideally I would prefer crypted emails through a resilient distributed
storage system of emails, for which there is no additional monetary cost of
mine involved, which is easy to join and offers all the benefits, and more,
of the current gmail.
If you know such existing reliable "package", and if I can easily download
all my emails from my gmail account to such solution, I will do it today.
To give an example in another, but related field:
I switched from Windows to Ubuntu Linux when I felt it was in my interest.
I m happier with using linux then windows, not only because its open source
and free, and connects better with my preferred philosophy, but because I
really feel using Ubuntu Linux works better then using Windows ( except for
not having as many fancy games to play on Linux - but at least I tell myself
I wont waste my time on them ).
Again, ... I like the car metaphor used in previous posts of this thread...

@_date: 2009-05-10 11:34:43
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
Good you ask.
What I mean is that I would be very happy to use a solution which enables me
to access all my emails online through a webbrowser, independently from the
computer I access it from, have unlimited distributed storage space, and
uses free and open source softwares ( gpl 3.0 ? ) which I/anyone can use to
reproduce and modify such solutions on any network for no monetary cost.
In exchange, I would be willing to share processing power and other
resources ( some shared storage space ) of the computer I m using when its
idle and/or of from whatever computer I am accessing it during the time I am
accessing such distributed service. ( in a similar way as Bit Torrent
solutions ? )
For the moment, I mostly know about free open source solutions that enable
me to host email on any server I choose, and I use such solution too.
Otherwise, to reply more directly to your last question,
My contact list and a all my email from all the email accounts I have used
up to today are backed up on a hard disk ( external hard disk, cd backups,
etc ) since I started using email ( in 1996 ? )

@_date: 2009-05-25 18:11:54
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer Governance of This List 
Very good questions Matt.
I m also interested in the situation in relation to the non profit entity.
As I stabilize my living situation in Brussels, I would like to find out how
I can contribute concerning finding grant opportunities with , for example,
the european commission, and collaborate with others on this list that might
want to eventually write applications under the p2pf non profit entity, and
in partnership with other non profit entities. ( I have some experience with
this dating back to my pre-hitch hiking lifestyle )
As for information overload, I have no problem with it either, except that I
filter the list and read according to thread titles.  It seems to me that
individuals that want to receive or contribute to more constructed and less
abundant flows of p2pf information can, I believe, resort to the p2pf blog,
or follow up specific topics on the p2pf ning ... or p2pf wiki ? ...

@_date: 2009-11-03 12:20:01
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] beyond "road burn-out" : what is (y)our story ? 
Hi Paul. Thanks for these suggestions. Indeed,I was trying to express some
symptoms,and context related to them, at a certain level of abstraction. I
recently read a profile I wrote in 2000,aged 18, after my return from 2
years of living in east and south east Asia,and realise I seem to be right
on the track of what I wanted to do. Next step is the setup,convergence, and
reproduction of small scale distributed solutions. Before finding out about
Michel B. & p2pf, I liked to call them "non structures",ans yes,  I agree
with not excluding participation from hierarchical structures, as long as,
from my humble opinion, it supports the non structure with its resources
without controlling it. (Such as for example IBM supporting Linux
development.) So, yes, Nomad bases,different flavour of hacker spaces,
potentially being one part of supporting such non structure,such movement,
such paradigm, which you all here seem  to be documenting very well,and even
in mplementing. My current challenge now is to stabilize, use my radical
experience to empower others, but find more resources for it, returning to a
stage I already experienced, creating partnerships with various "power
structures" while knowing certain dynamics well enough, as to prevent
support to turn into specific dependency and control,maintaining diversity
of interdependencies.  / The whole journey I took somehow makes sense to me,
although it also lead to certain symptoms such as some interesting burn
outs, leading in some cases to surrendering.I felt like expressing it,
sharing it. / The parallel with circus nomadism could be interesting.
Including the"family"/tribe aspect of it-although I feel that the kind of
nomadism I may have experienced is a more Individualistic one,while at the
same time being focused on empowering a cause (a personal need?)greater then
ones own personal needs. One that feels a personal solution comes also
through contributing to potential systemic solutions.  I feel I can share
this interest and approach with at least a few people on this list.
Recently I question myself on the type of"personality types" that are
perhaps moat enthusiastic about developing p2p prototypes, and how they
create synergies with each other. Secondly,I wonder what type of
personalities may flourish more through increased p2p paradigm. / Hmm,
writing this from my mobile...getting used to it...
On Nov 1, 2009 1:35 PM, "Paul D. Fernhout" Politically speaking, why do you (or anyone else) not have some claim on the
fruits of the industrial commons by fact of existence as a human being?
Also regarding money, fixed abodes and so on, consider Manuel de Landa's
points on a balance of meshworks and hierarchies:
 "Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains
and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly
turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and
hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory
alone but demand concrete experimentation."
Too much random meshwork may be as bad as to much structured hierarchy?
Humanity lives best in the comfortable zone between fire and ice. Between
chaos and order. Naturally, all people are tuned a little differently. Some
are very comfortable more towards extreme chaos, some more comfortable
towards extreme order.
So, just musing on this, not suggesting you change, but what if we ignore
that human rights issue, and build on the idea you mention of
inter-dependency. So, what are you supplying on your side? Teaching?
Entertaining? Could you formalize that and put a little more structure in
your life and a little more hierarchy? Not saying you'd want to, just a
thought. Maybe you could enter some sort of profession where a stream of
people pass through your life? Even being a doctor? :-) But, might some
foundation fund you as a traveling educator? Or you might find life
interesting at a university as a student in theater arts or something. You
must know a lot about people by now, bot for performing and writing. Also,
have you considered upgrading your entertaining skills for life on the road?
Like learning to do Mime? Or magic tricks? Or, if you don't already, some
for of musical instrument? Or if you know one, learn more, and learn more
styles. Lots of musicians bemoan a life on the road even though they get
paid for performing; but maybe some might enjoy it more than others.
Successful authors also tend to be ones who go to book signings everywhere,
so writing a book and then promoting it across the globe might be another
Anyway, just some thoughts. Life and action entail risk. We make our choices
about what risks we take and what ones we avoid, based on our subjective
assessment of the world, our relations, and our abilities and resources.
Hitchhiking is a physical risk, but so is despair through boredom (all sorts
of health issues there). You make your choices and you take your chances,
same as everyone.
Maybe you could become a traveling educator on the importance of vitamin D?
 "Technically not a "vitamin," vitamin D is in a class by itself. Its
metabolic product, calcitriol, is actually a secosteroid hormone that
targets over 2000 genes (about 10% of the human genome) in the human body.
Current research has implicated vitamin D deficiency as a major factor in
the pathology of at least 17 varieties of cancer as well as heart disease,
stroke, hypertension, autoimmune diseases, diabetes, depression, chronic
pain, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, muscle weakness, muscle wasting, birth
defects, periodontal disease, and more."
Seriously, you might read that site in depth, and you might spread the word
in your travels, and save hundreds or thousands of lives from cancer, mental
illness, osteoporosis, influenza, and so on. Then you could feel even better
about a sense of reciprocity with the world, which we all tend to need to be
healthy, even if we don't need all exchanges to be one-for-one. Not quite
being a doctor, but it doesn't take ten years to get a degree before you can
help people, either. :-)
Another health issue to study may be fasting:
 "Learn how to escape the dietary pleasure trap!"
 Once in awhile, a person may actually become aware of important dietary
knowledge. Despite the tremendous commercially-motivated misinformation
campaigns waged by the dairy, cattle, and processed food industries,
sometimes a person actually comes to understand the truth about diet. At
such times, determined individuals might attempt to change their diet toward
whole natural foods?in spite of dire and unfounded warnings from their
families, friends, and doctors.
 But along the way, they are likely to be met with a formidable
obstacle?their own taste neuro-adaptation to artificially-intense foods.
This challenge is depicted as Phases IV and V, wherein a change to less
stimulating foods typically will result in a reduced pleasure experience. In
the early stages, this process is dramatic because natural foods often are
not nearly as stimulating.
 Scientific evidence suggests that the re-sensitization of taste nerves
takes between 30 and 90 days of consistent exposure to less stimulating
foods. This means that for several weeks, most people attempting this change
will experience a reduction in eating pleasure. This is why modern foods
present such a devastating trap?as most of our citizens are, in effect,
?addicted? to artificially high levels of food stimulation! The 30-to-90-day
process of taste re-calibration requires more motivation?and more
self-discipline?than most people are ever willing to muster.
 Tragically, most people are totally unaware that they are only a few weeks
of discipline away from being able to comfortably maintain healthful dietary
habits?and to keep away from the products that can result in the destruction
of their health. Instead, most people think that if they were to eat more
healthfully, they would be condemned to a life of greatly reduced gustatory
pleasure?thinking that the process of Phase IV will last forever. This is an
extraordinarily deceptive and problematic situation that I describe as a
?pleasure trap.?
See also:
"The Pleasure Trap: Mastering the Hidden Force That Undermines Health &
A wake-up call to even the most health conscious people, The Pleasure Trap
boldy challenges conventional wisdom about sickness and unhappiness in
today's contemporary culture, and offers groundbreaking solutions for
achieving change. Authors Douglas Lisel, Ph.D., and Alan Goldhamer, D.C.,
provide a fascinating new perspective on how modern life can turn so many
smart, savvy people into the unwitting saboteurs of their own well-being.
 Inspired by stunning original research, comprehensive clinical studies, and
their successes with thousands of patients, the authors construct a new
paradigm for the psychology of health, offering fresh hope for anyone stuck
in a self-destructive rut. Integrating principals of evolutionary biology
with trailblazing, proactive strategies for wellness, they argue that people
who are chronically overweight, sick and ailing, or junk food junkies aren't
that way because they're lazy, undisciplined, or stuck with bad genes. The
authors reveal that most are victims of a dilemma that harkens back to our
prehistoric past-"the Pleasure Trap."
 Drs. Lisle and Goldhamer then call upon their clinical experience,
scientific investigations, and a recent revoution of understanding in human
motivational psychology to provide you with solutions for the challenges of
keeping on a healthful course-and how to make the most of your life.
Scientific research about both vitamin D and fasting have been done, showing
remarkable health effects for preventing disease and extending life. Between
the two, getting enough vitamin D is more important and an easier thing to
explain right now. So, maybe start with that and build from there. I mention
fasting in part because it also may be a skill you have learned, and reading
more about it might be interesting and personally useful.
Anyway, you obviously must have strong skills as an educator and entertainer
already, so maybe just go with it, but perhas accepting just a little more
formalism (not a lot, not a "slippery slope", just an issue of healthy
balance)? :-) Calling yourself and educator and entertainer about, say,
alternative health issues like Vitamin D and fasting, and printing up some
business cards with that on it, might at least make it easier to explain
your life to your mother. :-)
Now there are a lot of other alternative health issues that are quackery.
I'm not saying pedal those. These two issues, vitamin D and fasting, I can
point to scientific evidence that say they are good things for most people.
And just these two, especially vitamin D may help prevent many tragedies.
It may even help prevent the flu:
Basically, as we all spend more time indoors, as we are taught by
dermatologists to fear the sun and wear sunscreen, and as we drive instead
of walk or bicycle, Vitamin D deficiency has become a true epidemic in the
USA. It may literally be costing the USA hundreds of billions of dollars a
year in extra health care costs, plus untold suffering.
As people feel worse from Vitamin D deficiency in various ways, they may
even spend even more time indoors, given less energy and a need to use the
computer to escape other issues.
Dr. John Cannell suggests that the US RDA for Vitamin D is about ten times
too low, because it was set decades ago for healthy bones, not a healthy
immune system (cancer) or a healthy brain (autism, depression).
And, the darker your skin in the USA, and the farther north you live, the
worse the problem, as Curtis Duncan notes here:
"Why Michelle Obama is More Likely to Die From Breast Cancer than Hillary
It is true that too much vitamin D supplementation can be a problem,
(although it may be a lot less toxic than is widely thought:)
 and we all need to eat well eventually. Underlying health issues can a/-o
make either vitamin D supplements or fasting problematical in some rare
cases  (as can even psychological issues, like anorexia or bullimia as
regards fasting). But that is part of what you would need to study too, and
maybe have some progressive doctors you talk with, too. But you don't need
an MD to do that. Just a few days of study on the internet, plus fact
checking with some (progressive) medical doctors for increased confidence,
asking them about these websites and related studies, might be enough to
make you an amazing educator on these things (in an entertaining way).
Just telling a lot of people about the health benefits of those two things
could change the world is a very positive way, and would provide undeniable
value to anyone you interact with, as you help people you meet resist the
worst parts of the commercial/industrial world that is negatively effecting
them unknowingly. That change is something anyone might be proud of to have
helped with, as you pass on all the gifts you've received in your life to
others, and maybe even help others to see the value in their doing the same
in passing on gifts they get.
Anyway, maybe you do some of this already, I don't know; I'm just trying to
be helpful and pass on the gifts I've received in my life from others. :-)
And that also helps me feel good about myself. :-)
I get that "passing on the gift" terminology in relation to helping with
self-respect from the Heifer International:
 "Pass on the Gift"
 "Together we have truly built a global chain of giving ? passing on time,
money, caring, animals, education, training ? all ingredients for building a
better world. With your support, Passing on the Gift will go on in Heifer
projects year round."
--Paul Fernhout
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2009-11-24 01:44:32
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2PU - Peer2PeerUniversity 
Thank you for sharing Franz,
I have the feeling it might be interesting to see what projects might relate
to such kind of approach,
but perhaps do not define themselves as p2p university.
When googling p2p foundation on the topic, I find :
By the way, I would also like to suggest " Traveling School of Life ":
*" The Travelling School of Life is a global education network connecting
people who want to share their knowledge and resources. You yourself decide
which subjects, at which time, in which place, with which people, using
which methods and for which reason you want to learn with and from each
*Our website is currently being rebuilt. So you can currently choose between
   - *The old wiki, somewhat outdated
   *
   - *The new website, still under
   *

@_date: 2009-10-04 17:14:14
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Welcome to Hyperlocavore - A free yard sharing 
* What is a ?hyperlocavore??*
*A hyperlocavore is a person who tries to eat as much food as locally as
possible. Growing your own is as local as it gets!*
Introduction to hyperlocavore.com a free yard sharing community.
*- find a yard to share
- find gardeners to grow with
- start a neighborhood produce exchange
- share tools, skills and time
- start a community garden
- help your faith group feed hungry people
- learn self sufficiency
- make your community more resilient
- find gardening help
- tasty recipes
- inspiration*
* What is a ?hyperlocavore??*
*A hyperlocavore is a person who tries to eat as much food as locally as
possible. Growing your own is as local as it gets!*
*What is ?yardsharing??*
*Yard sharing is an arrangement between people to share skills and gardening
resources; space, time, strength, tools or skills, in order to grow food as
locally as possible, to make neighborhoods resilient, kids healthy and food
much cheaper!
Why would I want to set up a yardsharing group?*
*Yard sharing is a way to connect people who love to garden, people who love
healthy fresh food and people who have yards!*
---------- Forwarded message ----------
mail at hyperlocavore.ning.com>
Welcome to Hyperlocavore - A free yard sharing community!
I am so happy you decided to join us! This choice tells me you are an
adventurous doer and a practical optimist! We are very lucky to have you.
THANK YOU!
First, be sure to whitelist mail from hyperlocavore.com and
hyperlocavore.ning.com. Some spam filters are mistakenly blocking our
We only opened the doors in January 09. The yard sharing idea is so new that
I really need your help in getting the word out. Please take a moment to
invite your friends, family and neighbors, wherever they are - Spain, Maine,
Tobago, Boulder, Shanghai! They may not be able to share a yard with you,
but maybe one of our other hyperlocavores is in the same town! Send out
invites using the INVITE FOLKS tab. The power of this network is very
dependent on how many people belong to it, know about it, and share the
I want to let you know about the videos on the front page. They are players
actually and there are about 50-100 videos in each one. There's an
Inspiration set, full of awesome people doing amazing things. There's a DIY
section full of projects that will help you save money and grow more food.
And there's a Big Picture set, full of videos about why it is so important
that our communities become more resilient and better fed and a group of
cooking videos called The Agnostic Cooking Show, named because it covers all
kinds of culinary approaches. I've really enjoyed curating them and add new
ones all the time. Send me a link if you find something out there that you
think I should feature!
On my profile page (LizM) you will find a "What Should I Write About"
suggestion box. I am always looking for new blog topics that would be
helpful to you! Feel free to suggest something.
To be sure that you are getting the correct email notifications from
hyperlocavore.com, go to your personal profile. On the right side will be a
link called SETTINGS. Click there, and then look for the EMAIL link on the
left side of the next screen. Set and save your email notifications
preferences there, so that you will know when someone is trying to
communicate with you on hyperlocavore.com
People are asking questions in the forums - we need your expertise and
A brief pitch. We support hyperlocavore.com via advertising and bookselling.
We try to link you to local resources whenever possible. For instance,
shopping for books via our BOOKSTORE sends you to independent book sellers
in your area. When you buy books in our bookstore, you are helping us stay
Also note the FEEDBACK button on the right side of the screen! That goes to
our GET SATISFACTION user support site. Make a noise! Let me know how to
improve your experience. It means the world to me you are here, and I'd like
to keep you around! I can respond there and others can benefit from our
Many of our users blog here. Please blog, post pictures of your gardens and
yard share groups, post videos. If you blog though, please stay on topic.
Those topics include sustainability, DIY, growing stuff, your experience
yard sharing or tips in starting or maintaining a group, cooking, local
resilience, local resources, local community, preserving the harvest, going
green, homesteading...and lots of other stuff in this area. Please do not
simply use the blog to promote a non related business. That said if your
business IS related, please do use the blog to tell us about it! Maybe you
are a yard share farmer, or a locavore chef, or maybe you are a community
organizer and want to bring yard sharing to your community. Let us all know
what you are up to!
Lastly I want to let you know that we are here to support community
organizations, schools and faith communities in getting yard sharing going
in their communities. Please get in touch if you represent an organization
looking to start it up in your area. We can set you up for free, in minutes
Happy Digging!
Liz McLellan (LizM)
twitter me You can sign in using your email address here:
Hyperlocavore - A free yard sharing community
Join hyperlocavore to find or start a yard share in your town. CSAs and
community gardens fill up fast. Food is expensive! Grow together!

@_date: 2009-10-11 12:58:39
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
Paul :
a german friend ( hes nickname is "Darwin Dante" ) argues that 5 hours a
week of work are enough :
although if I understood properly, hes argument goes towards reducing the
number of hours each of us works, to enable all to have access to ( paid )
work... :-o
the google translation from hes german version seems to be more precise :
I also feel like comparing hes argument with "Intermediate Technologies"
*" **Proponents argue that such items can be easily purchased and used by
poor people, and according to proponents can lead to greater
* while minimizing **social dislocation* *. Much
intermediate technology can also be built and serviced using locally
available materials and knowledge. This intermediate technology is conducive
to decentralization, compatible with the laws of ecology, gentle in its use
of scarce resources, and designed to serve the human person instead of
making him the servant of machines. "*
although Darwin Dante's examples include high productivity technologies, and
might perhaps not solve the social dislocation issue.
*It seems to me that p2p open manufacturing is a form of **intermediate /
appropriate technology*

@_date: 2009-10-12 12:52:25
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
I agree.  There are a number of important differentiations.
Or rather, I d like to see it as a number of "spectrum's" which ideally
could be visualized in a multidimensional graph :-)
See below in bold for a few spectrum's I notice in our conversation,
and feel free to suggest added related spectrum's...
Perhaps we could use it to make graphical representations and situate
ourselves ?
The first one you reacted to is paid work vs unpaid work.
( or perhaps also "pay to work" ? )
"What is work" ? What is "paid work" ?
What is "paid work" in the current dominant monetary paradigm ?
And how is "work" recognized in potential other economic systems ?
( does it still need to be recognized ? will we pay to have our work
recognized ? such as students in universities ? - unless they are paid for
working on their Phd -  )
If power structures do not need workers anymore, I imagine it is unlikely a
majority of the population would get paid for working for what machines
could make cheaper, faster, and without questioning authority.
Perhaps people would get paid for not revolting themselves against the
status quo of power structures ?  Or perhaps it is cheaper to pay police and
army forces to control parts of the population that are not required to
service the dominant control/monetary system ?
Or perhaps its even "cheaper" ( in terms of coercive control ) to eradicate
such populations that would become to create their own systems and become
too autonomous ?
If we tend towards such a situation, I find it interesting to understand how
to create an alternative economy where it is possible to produce for
ourselves, preferably by using existing technologies.
I already feel I am in such a situation : I do not seem to be servicing
direct needs of the status quo of power structures, so as a result I am not
paid for trying to change it.
I am not paid at all, yet I m constantly producing and collaborating online
and offline, from early morning till the middle of night, through the power
of intrinsic motivation.
Which leads us back to this multidimensional graph... and its
various spectrum's.
Would you agree to some of these spectrum's, or do you have suggestions for
more inter-related spectrum's  as part of a broader image :
- *spectrum of money* ( in its current mainstream, coercive debt and
interest based fiat form )
from "paying for working" to "not being paid to work" to "being paid to
Also , what does it mean to "not be paid to work" ?
Does it mean working in a context where all our expenses are covered ?
- *spectrum of reputation* credit ( more or less of it, through various ways
recognizing it - we could define these various forms of recognition , ...
and what may be the psychological and systemic effects of reputation in
various contexts - does it enable access to a *spectrum of* *more or less
social capital ?* )
- *spectrum of pleasure *( more or less pleasure - directly gratified or not
? passion ? sense of meaning ? ... I guess the spectrum of "pleasure" can
branch out in many different spectrums )
- and eventually a *spectrum of expected results through time* ( spectrum of
probability ? )
and these three spectrum's being part of the combination of resilience vs
complexity spectrum's ( ? ) :
- *spectrum of autonomy ( resilience ? )*
- *spectrum of inter-dependence ( complexity ? )*
note : the spectrum's of autonomy and inter-dependence enable to visualize
if it is a low autonomy / high inter-dependence system ( such as when one
person earns a lot of money but is highly dependent on this money to have
access to resources in a highly inter-dependent society ) , if its a high
autonomy / low interdependence system ( such as one extreme of it being a
person that survives through its interdependence with nature but not on a
society, by having its plot of land and hunting to survive ) , or high
autonomy / high interdependence enabling emergent autonomy through increased
distributed interdependence ( such as certain potential forms of open
manufacturing ? )

@_date: 2009-10-12 13:16:41
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
some more spectrum's worth adding ?
- spectrum of automation ( automized production / "work" ? VS human input in
production ? )
- spectrum of energy and resource use ( efficiency ? and quantity of
accessible resources provided at certain amount of "work" ? )
- spectrum of health ( ? )
- spectrum of control, between high and lower levels of coercion
... more spectrum's ?
And how do all these spectrum's inter-relate and impact each other ?
On Mon, Oct 12, 2009 at 1:00 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2009-10-12 13:37:28
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
some more potentially important spectrum's :
- *Spectrum of Competition* ( more or less )
- *S**pectrum of Collaboration* ( more or less ? )
which relate to the
spectrum of Openness and Transparency / *Spectrum of Access and
Inclusiveness* ( ? )
which relates to ( or may in some cases "contain", from a higher abstraction
dimension ? ) the spectrum of control ... the spectrum of empowerment ...
and the spectrum's of Competition and Collaboration... ?
To visualize all these spectrum's, I wish to have access to a tool to
visualize based on the position of any ( conceptual or process ) object
within a system compared to all others... and to have an immersive point of
view based on the criteria selected ( such as various spectrum's )... and be
able to compare it to the position of any other concept or process...
but until we end up with ( building ? ) such a tool,
I guess we can visualize the comparison of multiple dimensions and multiple
abstractions with our frontal lobe of our neo-cortex :-)
Although if anyone would like to work with me to create some program to
visualize it and create protocols relating them,
I m eager to share some of my thinking and references related to it :-)
On Mon, Oct 12, 2009 at 1:16 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2009-10-12 16:47:32
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
Hi Sam,
yes, and yes :-)
although initially I did not mean it to be a debate on my own motivations
and situation ,
but simply some comments encouraging to visualize and position ourselves
along such inter-related spectrum's,
as I notice that there may be differences in vision we ( some people on this
list ) may be building on according to these various spectrum's.
For example, Paul or Nathan mentioning increased automation, in certain
contexts, ...
And yes, I imagine we can also use such spectrum's to position not only our
visions, but our current situations :-)
I wanted to use such spectrum's not to limit ourselves into a linear form,
but to use various linear forms to position them on a multi-dimensional
map/graph of such gradual spectrum's, and also understand the non-linear
relations between these spectrum's ...
So I believe it can resonate with what you seem to express in your last
reply Sam :-)
As for replying in relation to me, here goes ( for anyone interested in
knowing a bit more about Dante :-p  )  :
I also believe that there is no lack of "work".
It all depends how one defines "work".
When I was younger, at school, I asked myself why "the news" was constantly
worried about "lack of work" when I saw so many things that needed to be
done.  So I understood their concern was about "paid work".  On the other
hand, I could see that there was so much money in the social background in
which I grew in. ( not my parents, but the parents of the kids I went to
school with ). I understood it was an issue of decision making and power.
Today, I understand its about artificial scarcity through , for example,
money hoarding; a need for constantly growing the monetary mass through debt
as to pay for formerly created debt ( principal ) plus the interest ,
through creating new markets, as to avoid collapse , requiring growth,
including speculative growth ( bubbles ), but only if it leads to increased
profits and power for the ones that already have power and money.  An
economic system at the service of the status quo of the structures of
And so my own question becomes :
When power structures who have access to monetary creation ( through debt )
will have their needs satisfied without needing to pay a majority of the
population , how can the ones outside of the needs of a monetary system
servicing the power structures best reclaim inter-dependence
As for "paid work", yes, its a lot about "effective communication",
"selling" our work to individuals or organizations that have access to
resources ( including, as you say, non monetary resources ) , organizations
of individuals that may see an interest in it.
I guess this is how I was given the laptop computer on which I currently
But I do not see this as a structural solution.
There are various approaches...
I believe in support at the level of peers...
I want to participate in the development of a radical solution, by trying to
envision and implement a software supporting human based computation
Although I am not a programmer, I am thinking about this kind of solution (
draft ) :
As for me, my motivation , and my living strategy, after spending several
years of roaming around by hitch hiking,
is to re-converge locally, building up social networks and capital locally,
continue learning and connecting people interested in collaborating locally,
increasing autonomy through distributed inter-dependence,
and inspiring myself from what you are doing.
As I re-establish myself locally, I have more stability to find out about
funding opportunities, and potentially create local partnerships to fund
raise.  This mailing list and all the converging work and inspirations from
the people on this list can empower me in setting up a clear vision for
implementations at various levels of abstraction :-)
Greetings from Brussels :-)

@_date: 2009-10-12 22:54:30
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
Thanks Sam !
ah! I guess I fell into it and read it in a personal way when reading "you"
in the sentences you used to reply to some of the sentences I used. :-)
Indeed, instead I could have read it with the interpretation "one" ... :-)
I guess its easy to get caught into my own perspective :-p
hope "you" are all fine , you and you and all of our one's  :-)

@_date: 2009-10-13 11:54:07
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
I agree with you on this Sam.
By the way, what therm would mean "mutually defining factors" ?
A system ? or a "reality" ?
As I try to explain below, building on what you replied,
I look forward to
*"defining" different "social systems" according to the "mixture"*
I guess I was trying to break it down into "spectrum's",
or, as I newly learned through your comment, it might be more appropriate to
call them
"*continuum's*" ?
So *breaking down into linear continuum*'s to , afterwards, *enable a
synthesis o**f** combinations* of ( ever changing and evolving ) *positions
on such continuum*'s.
Using such position as a *factor* that is *subject to constant variation
based on its inter-dependency *( note : do we understand the protocols of
certain inter-dependencies ? )* with other factors*, creating a *
non-linear feedback-loop system* , with the potential for a *multi-dimensional
visualization , using each continuum as one additional dimension*.
I went through a quick web search, and wonder if " *Factor Analysis* " could
relate to such approach
although I feel that what we mention seems to be more of a *" Factor
Synthesis " *( therm used at present in the field of blood coagulation ) *,*
or as you note, of finding *" Patterns " along inter-dependent Factors ?*
*I am tempted to create such visualization of factors ( like a volume bar in
a graphical interface ) "defining" different "social systems" according to
the "mixture" of varying degrees along such factors.  Perhaps all those
inter-dependent factors could be used ... to set your favorite type of
governance ... *
*Would be nice to experiment this in some libre version of the civilization
game ( I remember playing that game when I was younger :
  ) , *
*Freeciv :*
Wouldn't it be cool to have some of the forms of governance and production
directly integrated into such games ?  Problem is that possibly the game
would not be played from a one "ruler/player" perspective anymore ? ... :-)
So it would need to be adapted into a "real game", as to play with all peers
... using a *"trans-personal" visualization* ?
But... hey !... thats what we are doing right now ?! :-)
We seem to have enough understanding through our combined collective
intelligence to start defining the rules/protocols of the modes of
governance and how they may interact with each other.  :-)
We could then integrate it in some kind of *meta-information system* based
on* human based computing* (
 )
 - a bit like a *currency system* - ,
such as the one I attempt to design :
... Next time I will be asked about my career, I guess I can answer "I
started playing Civilization when I was 11, and never stopped since... " :-)
perfectly expressed ! Thats what I seem to like to visualize too !

@_date: 2009-10-13 11:59:32
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
forgot to paste this link at the end of my last reply :
*meta-information system** based on** human based computing*
*such as the one I attempt to design :*
note : sorry for redundancy to those of you that do not see this as part of
a thread

@_date: 2009-10-13 12:50:11
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
... I just remembered another word : *" Vector "*
... each of these "spectrum's" / "continuum's" being "vectors" ( ?? ) in a
*multi-vectorial definition of a system*  ( perhaps you / one /
mathematicians can correct me or give more precise suggestions ? )
including vectors related to governance, production and property.
The difficulty then possibly being* to "quantify" ? To "measure" ?*
Or at least, more difficult to quantify for certain vectors... ( such as ...
? )
Which is why, I guess, it may be useful to use Human Based Computation , as
individual humans could evaluate such vectors and include it in a
"information system network / protocol system / economy" of their choice ,
this information empowering a* trans-personal point of view for all
participants* of that ( holoptic ? ) information network ,
and empowering other feed back loops with that networked system , including
humans, automated agents , or other entities such as organizations / moral
persons composed of humans and possibly automated agents , to* take into
account such trans-personal view in their actions* ?
Perhaps nothing new... but simply trying to find a better definition related
to previous posts on this thread :-)
On Tue, Oct 13, 2009 at 11:54 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2009-10-13 17:45:24
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] trends ? : "Corporate Dropouts" towards Open diy ? 
Somehow, after having a look at this link on "Globalization and Income
Distribution "
(  pdf :  - see more with excerpts further
below )
I ask myself *how local economic systems based on diy open manufacturing
would impact allocation **of skills ?*
*And how this compares or interacts with current globalized cognitive
*Would there also be concentrations of skilled workers ? ( such as current
concentrations  in certain businesses ? )*
*Is there a potential scenario for a brain drain from corporations to
intentional peer producing networks ?*
*Is such process already happening ?*
( or is it currently mainly from corporations to self-owned small companies
? )
*What are the alliances we are currently seeing ? *
Can part-time , non-paid ( in mainstream money ) "hobby" work
in open, diy, collaborative convergence spaces
become an *argument for long term material security of the participating
peer* towards he's/her family ?
*Do we have a "Quit Work Slavery" Kit ready for use ?*
Hacker spaces seem to be convergence spaces for open source programmers, and
possibly more and more other artists,
open manufacturing, diy permaculture, ... ?
Can we expect a "Massive Corporate Dropout"... to drain into such diy
convergence and interaction spaces ?
*Can "Corporate Dropouts" help financing new open p2p infrastructures ?*
Is there an increase of part-time "Corporates", working part time in open
p2p ?
Would such a transition , potentially part time "co-working / co-living "
space be a convergence "model" and scenario some of us would consider
working on ?
Do some of us already experience such lifestyle ?
*some more context *:
I remember that one of the difficulties google's human resources department
is having,
is that even though they may be offering a context that makes google listed
as one of the best employers,
some of their skilled employees sometimes prefer leaving their job at google
to set up their own business.
" Though Google almost always wins talent wars with the likes of Microsoft
and Yahoo, its twin HR demons are *startups and retirement*. "
after searching the web, I notice its called "*Corporate Dropouts*".
In a 1993 article :
excerpt : *" Why work for someone else when you can work for yourself?
That's what a lot of people are asking these days, ..."*
It leads me back to the "vectors" we may have mentioned in a previous thread
( the VW dresden thread , on p2pr list  ) :
*What vectors motivate us ? *
**( how much does a need for security, and all other needs in maslow's
hierarchy, influence our choices ? )
*What lifestyle do we choose for ?*
*What form of governance do we choose for,*
*and what can currently empower ( or dis-empower ) such choices ? *
I guess it also related to a face to face discussion I had with a small
group of people in Brussels following the initiative of Manfred - minutes :
which lead Jaime to share links related to "Why do high potentials avoid
large organizations ?"
I personally observe some of my friends working for money as little as
possible, sometimes on or two months a year, and spend the rest of their
time working on their own projects.
I realize that the free time they have makes them reflect and make choices
about their lifestyle and what they wish to contribute to.
It also reminds me of this link to the " Disciplined
Minds" book that one of you
shared with me, or through the list :
" Jeff Schmidt shows that professional work is inherently political, and
that professionals are hired to subordinate their own vision and maintain
strict  ideological discipline.
 "
I feel like leaving some excerpts of this economic overview :
*"Globalization is often thought to have increased inequality. The model of*
*this paper delivers the stark result that globalization raises inequality
in both*
*North and South. Globalization is also commonly thought to have increased*
*personal income risk."*
*Pdf available on :*
*Globalization and Income Distribution: A Specific Factors Continuum
* Some more excerpts :
   " resource reallocation between firms within sectors in this paper is
driven by a Darwinian gale blowing through the sectoral factor market. When
paired with wage bargaining, the model can explain why larger and more pro-
ductive firms pay higher wages for skilled labor. "
" A more novel result shows that in the presence of aggregate productivity
shocks, globalization reduces the variance of the factoral terms of trade
hence the dispersion of personal incomes."
" Globalization widens income inequality
in each country, raising the top, lowering the bottom and narrowing the
middle. Viewed ex ante, the model formalizes the popular sense that per-
sonal incomes are more risky in globalizing world with purely idiosyncratic
productivity shocks.
    When productivity shocks include an economy-wide component that shifts
relative productivity between countries, there is a countervailing effect on
come risk. "
"    Section 1 presents the basic production model. Section 2 derives the
global equilibrium of the two trading countries. Section 3 deals with the
equilibrium comparative statics of the model. Section 4 derives the
tional implications. Section 5 derives efficient ex ante allocation of the
factor. Section 6 analyzes heterogeneous firms within sectors. Sections 7
8 conclude with speculation on extensions to dynamics and empirical work. "
"     A key distributional property of the model is that the average skill
mium gK /w ? 1 is independent of international equilibrium forces. The av-
erage skill premium rises with the skill bias of technology (?) and falls
relative skill abundance (K/L). The wage rate is given by
                           w = gL = ?(K/L)1?? G "
"      More general neoclassical
production functions in the specific factors setting imply that the average
skill premium may rise or fall in both North and South due to
depending on whether the average skill intensity of production rises
or falls. The Appendix develops the details and argues that with CES pro-
duction functions the skill premium ordinarily rises (falls) as the
elasticity of
substitution is less (greater) than one.
(*10)     Linkage between openness and capital accumulation or technology
will also violate the
invariance property."

@_date: 2009-10-21 12:47:18
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Important communication for future p2p plans 
Hi Michel,
Hi p2p research
 people,  Nomadbase  people , Cogawa people (
, social net  ),
following Michel's email on the potential to annex a p2p space to hes house
in Chiang Mai, Thailand  ( comment : great ! )
( also see mail below )
I feel like sharing this info between different lists and resonances with a
common feeling to them :-)
I also feel there could be potential in networking cultural research labs (
such as  ?  ) and on the long run, through partnerships,
potentially apply for grants at, for example,   ( offices in
Singapore )
Also, for those of us interested, in relation to
A informal un-conference will be held in Berlin at the end of November 2009
   - wiki:    - mail:    - net :    - web : ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Dear friends,
This is very early phases, but I have made an important decision.
I will, in a few weeks or months, have access to some personal finance.
The key plan is to finish a building that is located in front of my (wife's)
house in Chiang Mai, and was originally intented to be a kindergarten. I
will finish it, and it will host both a co-working environment, and a
physical P2P Research Center.
I originally wanted this to be a official Hub, but I fear that the
franchising, and architectural requirements, are beyond my means at present.
I also feel that the P2P Foundation 'brand' is strong enough, to do this
separately. (however, my wife's sister has land just next door, that could
conceivable host a real hub, if I would find investment partners)
Associated with this, is the idea to create a business, that will focus on:
1) helping me develop my keynoting, and eventually consulting career around
p2p; 2) create sustainable income streams around the p2p knowledge commons
(not just for me, but for others in the community as well); think of
publishing, cd's, etc... 3) create an income stream around the physical
center ..
I'm talking to a few people I'd like to be 'business managers' around this,
willing to live in Chiang Mai.
Of course, this project poses all kinds of problems, like the legal format,
the distinction between my personal interests, and those of the community or
other participants. My aim is to balance my own need for physical
sustainability, and to restore some reserves due to the different years I
spent in 'scarcity', but also to do this ethically, and with the overall
goal in mind of strengthening p2p work.
My own aim is to continue exactly what I was doing before becoming a teacher
again: full time researching, speaking, etc... and to help the 'business
mgr.' whenever needed ... but my focus will remain research, speaking,
political, policy, and community and platform building
Time wise, I will start working more seriously on these plans coming
February (end of thai semester)

@_date: 2009-10-28 11:41:55
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "social entrepreneurship" Vs "vocational p2p" ? 
Anyone within our networks part of this *academic social entrepreneurship
network* ?
I wonder : *What similarities are there* between "universitynetwork.org"
and what some of us may try to do through p2pf ? or p2pr ?
...other then being *a resource hub* ?
Is the *notion of "vocation" included in the current vision of a p2p
research* network ?
I personally feel that a p2p/distributed approach is, for me, a vocational
approach :
I personally do not define myself as a *"social entre-preneur"*.
I d rather say I define myself as* **"entre-donneur"* :
   : *"The entredonneur is a 'creative
giver' "*
I personally believe that a *"entre-donneur" approach can be synonymous of a
p2p approach.*
*Does social entrepreneurshipembody
the promotion of a commons
* , of peer property, peer governance, and peer production ?
Or *is vocational social entrepreneurship in direct opposition with
vocational "entre-donneurship" ?*
Or are there different kinds of social
 ?
Would a "vocational p2p entre-donneurship" have *a different kind of bottom
line* then the "triple bottom line" of "financial, social and environmental
performance" which seems to be related to the definition of "social
entrepreneurship" ?
see : Definition of Social
 :
" The need to deliver on financial, social and environmental performance
targets is often referred to as having a triple bottom line. "
" The University Network for Social Entrepreneurship works with professors
and researchers, practitioners, and students to develop social
entrepreneurship as a vocation and carry its principles into other
disciplines and sectors. It is designed to be a resource hub and an
action-oriented discussion forum to expand social entrepreneurship education
and participation around the world. "

@_date: 2009-10-29 11:58:38
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Film_=3A_=94Living_Without_Money?= 
<< In the film ?Living Without Money? we follow Heidemarie in her day-to-day
life, experience how she goes about to find work, food and a place to stay.
In addition to the day-to-day challenges she meets from living without
money, the film will also go deeper into explaining Heidemarie?s life
philosophy and why she has chosen to live this way.
The film will reflect around themes of materialism and over-consumption -
how money influences our way of thinking, living and acting ? and the
consequences this has on our life, health and the environment. >>
Heidemarie Schwermer (67) worked for many years as a psychotherapist and
teacher in Dortmund, Germany. Like most people around her, she spent most of
her time working and earning money in order to buy the things she needed -
and things she didn?t really need. As a psychotherapist she met many who
were depressed and frustrated, over-worked and with very little spare time.
Among the unemployed and poor she found that they often considered
themselves worthless.
Heidemarie got the idea to start an exchange circle, where people without
money could trade objects and favors. Through the exchange circle people
came in contact with each other in a new way. They felt useful and worthy,
and also appreciated the social aspect. After a while, Heidemarie decided to
do an experiment. She cancelled her flat, donated all her things to friends
and started a new life based on exchanging favors ? without the use of
money. Her goal was to create a greater awareness of the relationship to
money and consumption.

@_date: 2009-10-31 12:39:01
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] beyond "road burn-out" : what is (y)our story ? 
Hi All,
I feel like sharing this message with personal views I sent to the nomad
base list,
as it relates to my "road" to the conference in Manchester some of you might
attend this next Tuesday :
I feel like sharing, potentially enabling a shared reflection on the context
of our lives,
and how such layers of context inter-relate with the intentions we may try
to pursue on this list and in our lives.
"The road" can also be seen symbolically, although in my own experience it
is also made of concrete. ( at least there is one "concrete" thing I know
well ;-)   )
See you , Dante
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Dear Friends,
I try to face my fears,
and today my fear is related to going back on the road...
I feel like sharing it here on the nomadbase list, as I feel that it is part
of what motivates my intention to support nomad bases
*Note : For translation to other languages, I suggest using
 to copy/paste and translate.*
*De : Hinweis: F?r die ?bersetzung in andere Sprachen lassen, verwende ich
 zum Kopieren / Einf?gen und ?bersetzen.*
*Fr : Note: Pour la traduction dans d'autres langues, je suggere d'utiliser
 *
*Es : Nota: Para la traducci?n a otros idiomas, sugiero utilizar
 *
I imagine we all have our personal histories...
And that perhaps some parts of our histories might have elements in common.
I am interested in understanding what your wishes may be, and perhaps how
you feel they relate to your feelings and experiences.
By the way, for those of you that did not meet me ,
a quick introduction of myself on
*Current feeling ;*
I realize that it takes a little time to shift my mind and body in going
back on the road, as it reminds me of states of accumulated exhaustion of
years of isolated traveling , "hitch hiking burn-out's"
, especially after my second year on the road : a form of traveling that I
was not choosing anymore.
Traveling is a condition I want to choose to use towards an objective or
enabling creation of inter-dependence , discovery of self and the other.
But when there is constant repetition of change in a space feeling void of
potential for inter-dependence and sharing,
staying stuck in a constant non-choice of nothingness and no-where-ness ,
it may loose meaning,
despite nothingness potentially being an interesting spiritual experience
that can be used to overcome insecurity in every moment, and become aware of
our layers of illusions.
At some point of nothingness, I feel a choice can be made to create
inter-dependence, to feel inter-dependence, to reclaim inter-dependence, and
to develop a sense of meaning through creation and shared presence.
*Current situation :*
I was planning to hitch hike to London yesterday, meeting a friend there,
while going on my way to Manchester for a conference (
 )
related to various inter-connected networks / media ecologies such as the
p2pfoundation  or open
 ,
revolving around ideas of openness. I did not leave Brussels yet, but I will, after writing this message.
I try to set my mind to going back on the road, although it may be only for
a few days.
*History and experiences leading to layers of context :*
I have been back in Brussels, the town where I grew up, for one year.
After being on the road for 5 years, hitch hiking something like 300 000 km
or more ( stopped counting ),
I started developing some kind of hitch hiking overdose.
I do not think the overdose is related to hitch hiking alone, but to the
context around it,
a context that evolved through time.
I ll try to detail it in this message.
At first, I was traveling without hitch hiking, attending seminars funded
mostly by EU money, as a "young" delegate of ecologist organizations.
Hitch hiking evolved from there... as an approach to empower meetings beyond
dependency on organizational power structures and funding mechanisms,
and to inspire others in developing such self empowered net-roots approach.
Hitch hiking, at first, was tiring, but exciting at the same time, opening
up new opportunities for keeping faith in building some alternatives
through meeting new people,
while discovering new places and facing myself through new experiences.
My body started to adapt to long distance hitch hiking trips, and my
personal network of contacts grew progressively.
I did not have a stable source of personal income.
In average I lived with 100 euros a month in the first three years,
( through donations of people close to me )
and in the last two years on the road, with in average 200 euros a month,
thanks to friends, especially Cornelia.
Some months I lived with more, some others with less, or no money.
I was trying to find other sources of income, as there was no guarantee at
all that money would be donated to me.
No guaranteed allowance.  And only few potential sources of monetary support
on which I did not like to feel dependent, as many of my friends are in a
similar situation as me ( without, or with very little money ).
I learned to live, as many of us on this list, with very little,
yet realize that reducing my monetary costs was also supported through
moving every few days.
I could not expect from my hosts to feed me, and being a guest usually
lasted the time of what I call "a cup of tea" ( a few - 2 to 4 - days ? ),
the time for many of the hosts I met to satisfy their curiosity.
There was, I feel, also another reason why generally hosting did not last
more then a few days : hosts often have their own imperatives in their
realities, and my presence often re-questioned the sets of relations,
activities and obligations, if not the world view in which often they felt
they had to comply to ,
except for perhaps a few of them that truly could feel they made a choice in
living their lifestyle ( or that where considering making a choice soon ),
and that could feel that by supporting me they where supporting their own
I ended up making some very good friends, across europe, some of them being
in a similar situation as me, living a nomadic lifestyle, and even when they
where sedentary, or "semi-nomadic" , often living with very little, if no
money at all.
I am aware that it is possible to live with very little money, and
experienced it myself,
but when it is not in a "nomadic" mode - or "strategy" - , I feel that the
forms of "inter-dependency" enabled through a "dependency" on money,
needs to be replaces by other forms of inter-dependence and organization,
such as "where can I find markets to dumpster dive", "where can I cook",
where can I sleep, etc
( sites such as  , or hospitality networks to a certain
extent, especially in nomad mode ,
can provide certain answers )
But it is very tiring to be isolated, even when using such tools such as
hospitality networks,
as most of the time is spent in uncertainty and in a wandering mode.
Hence the importance for me of networks of friends.  People that can get to
know each other, and build relations between each other.  And the importance
for places which can support such self organized forms of organization.
Certain existing squats may be such places.  Ecovillages too.
Yet for reasons we may discuss more in detail at a later stage, it did not
fully satisfy my deeper intentions.
For example, I do not want to live in illegality ( what concerns squats,
even if I support the idea of reclaiming space - but not with violence ),
and I do not want to live all the time in remote places ( even though I
enjoy it during certain periods ) or in communities which in many cases
close themselves on themselves and that in some cases develop collectivist
cultures ( what concerns, for example, certain ecovillages ).
I did not want to be in an environment with power structures emerging, and
ego's fighting with each other...
I try to find ways for inter-dependence through cooperative individualism...
enabling the emergence of a distributed approach and participation into
creative small scale open production infrastructures" ...
Infrastructures which can be ( but need not be ) temporary, can be
reproduced, re-mixed, and need not be proprietary.
A "commons" enabling inter-dependence between cooperative individualists.
For the moment, my main experience of such kind of physical commons seems to
be the streets...
I try to be receptive to the people that pass by, and learned to connect
with individuals with whom I feel some kind of resonance, this enabling me
to create new friendships ...
But I still lack the feeling of "a home", or more precisely, places where I
know I can come back to , unconditionally, and where I know friends are
waiting for me.
I realized that often access to inter-dependency, including access to money,
is dependent on "recognition" that is given to us.
By moving constantly such recognition giving access to increased
inter-dependence can be difficult to build up.
What I did have access to was a form of inter-dependency empowered by
curiosity I could satisfy in the first days,
or inter-dependency from intentional networks of friends that I try to build
After 5 years, I was tired of moving all the time, and felt I could try to
come back to Brussels,
despite not having the support of my family ( not having a family home to
come back to )
Coming back to Brussels in my mind was part of an approach of trying to
re-build a stronger local network of friends, through which shared synergies
of inter-dependency could be built,
and hopefully, through time, facilitated through increased recognition,
potentially also leading to building up prototype infrastructures enabling
greater autonomy in reclaiming inter-dependency, at a systemic level.
So anyway,
I tried to come back to Brussels earlier, but without success, as I could
not find enough people to host me on a long period of time.
My second attempt, last summer, worked better, especially thanks to a new
friend Jean-Francois, who hosted me for 3 months at hes place in St Gilles /
enough time to try to rebuild some new network of friends in Brussels,
which could host me.
I have been living such a local nomadic life for one year now, with more
and at some point, with a little more money, as I could apply for support
from social services, getting some 480 euros a month for 5 or 6 months, till
they cut it as they did not believe I was "sans domicile fixe".
My relation with my mother improved over the last year.
It was hard for my mother to accept that I lived such a life.
Hard for her to understand why I choose such a life, instead of going into
the labor market.
I guess this is another discussion - personally I know that I can become
depressed if I do not do what is meaningful for me.
It is still challenging, for any close relation I make, to keep my presence
when I feel their expectations and ego's are reacting to an alternative
approach, as it leads them to re-question their own actions, lifestyle, and
perception of inter-dependency, especially when they feel I may be dependent
on them.
I know I bring a lot to the friends I make, and to the ones that have been
offering me some shelter,
but such value is often difficult to recognize, as it is in most cases non
I also know I can together with others create much more through building up
new forms of "more autonomous" inter-dependency,
and thats what I continue, year after year, in keeping faith in.
This process, which includes writing this email to this list, and connecting
with the great work and intentions many of you here pursue,
helps me a lot towards keeping faith in life.
I know that nomadbases can be one piece of the puzzle in enabling such faith
in reclaiming our inter-dependency and offering prototypes which can be
reproduced by many more people, without using violence, further developing a
ahimsa  approach , by Satyagraha (
 - in german :
 ) ,
and the self organization of our time and space (
 )

@_date: 2009-09-04 18:31:32
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Distributed Currency Standards 
?
short video presentation :
Welcome to the Metacurrency Project
We are building platforms and protocols necessary for an open source
economy. This requires new technology capacities which need to function in a
non-monopolizable manner.
   - Open Identity:Create,
manage and own your identity in a trustworthy manner, independent of
   any central authority.
   - Open Rules:Know
the rules of any currency you participate in and see when they change.
   - Open Transport:A
protocol to enable a participant to transact with any other
   and a currency to interact with any other currency.
   - Open Data:The
ability to share, decentralize and distribute data (like your account
   balance) and ensure its integrity and privacy? also, to allow you to be a
   reliable authority of your own data. (You can represent your own accounts,
   and I can validate your data.)
and collaborate with ... ?
*Alternative Currencies:*
We build systems to shape healthy flows of resources and participation for
businesses and communities. ...

@_date: 2009-09-12 19:02:08
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecovillages and communities : which ones are 
I ask myself : Which existing ecovillages would identify to " p2p meme"
approaches ,
or be interested in integrating such memes ?
more in message below...

@_date: 2009-09-13 15:47:14
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecovillages and communities : which ones are 
Thanks for the reply Nathan !
very interesting !
I do indeed feel the same resistance towards " technology " in some
intentional communities I visited ,
except for "geek" coworking spaces : hacklabs, certain art residencies
focused on new media, and perhaps... university towns and campuses ? could
those be defined as IC's ?
Another echo I seem to get related to the perception of technology ( and of
computers and the internet ) in certain intentional communities is that it
brings us further away from authentic connections with ourselves and with
nature  , that it brings us further from authentic connections with the
other persons, and that it can affect our energy flows negatively.
( so a reference to more spiritual and health related aspects )
I also have the feeling that , in some cases, at least what concerns
computers and the internet, it may be perceived as "consumption" and as some
kind of laziness,
setting "hard physical work" as some "more real" work... ( ? )
Although this applies perhaps more to a way of thinking of a few individuals
that seemed to be mostly in some of the more isolated , more conservative
ic's ... ?
But perhaps there is still a difference in perception depending on "what
kind" of technology.
I have the feeling indeed that the "craftmanship" and "shared collaborative
passionnate creative" spirit seems to be a interesting approach to possibly
share libre p2p memes accross the whole spectrum going from Neo-Luddite to
And perhaps it also depends "for what kind of work" the technologies are
In some communities, I feel that there is a feeling of perceiving excess
investment in communication, including through the use of ICT's, as a loss
of time compared to forms of work that may seem to be more directly related
to more tangible forms of production.
Although in the case of intentional communities that receive a substantial
part of their income through offering venues for conferences, or for
courses, there seems to be more of an understanding of investing time into
communication by using information technologies as to promote the
subsistence of the intentional community ?
It would be interesting to receive more opinions from people within our
networks that might have experience with a diversity of IC's...
I am personally also interested in contributing to the spread of p2p memes
that support active involvement in developing solutions to counter
artificial scarcity,
and not merely in fighting scarcity,
hence staying connected to global communication channels and the potential
of global emergence. I guess this is kind of part of the "global village"
I do find the Luddite ( vs Transhuman ? ) conversation interesting...
I feel like finishing this mail with a link Paul shared :

@_date: 2009-09-23 19:11:22
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Networking in Everyday Life" - information 
Hi Ryan,
I d agree with you.
I also wrote this in post scriptum...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
ps: i guess the problem that Danah raises may also come from "having to do"
things... ?
If you do not "have to" do things, such problems do not arise as much ?
I guess its more challenging when there is the expectation of feedback...
Perhaps opening up the system, and enabling "distributed feedback" potential
can take away such load... enabling the community filtering of information (
some already call this collective intelligence ? ) ...
while also making it easier for anyone to find answers by themselves...
A shift in culture, of constant filtering... and constant datamining...
... constant contextual aggregation ...
I personally like the threads approach in Gmail... I also like the search
box tool in Gmail...
I could imagine that in the future, we could have systems that could make
threads from all apparently related information ? including all media ?
and then reposition it through visualization tools of our choice ...
I guess google is working on it ( or possibly soon buying companies that do
such as with
 .google
perhaps also plexnet might offer such solutions ?
On Wed, Sep 23, 2009 at 4:31 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2009-09-23 19:17:18
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Event - "Real-Time Web" - Paris on Dec 9th 
note: a friend made me realize it is rather expensive to attend :
"Register today with our special offers, up to ? 800 discount on the ?
1495 standard ticket price."

@_date: 2010-04-09 22:52:14
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [My-ci] Internet defense: Successful response 
Thanks to everybody's collaboration, the civil society response to the
summit of Ministers of Culture from the 27 European Union countries,
and their meeting with the Forum of Cultural Industries, was a massive
Civil society managed to deactivate the discourse of the lobbies.
Below is a report of this latest struggle, but first, here is some of
the incredible amount of material produced over the last few days, so
that you can spread it and use it:
1 ? Videos that explain our demands ? very simple and didactic, so
that even a Minister can understand it (English versions):
The Tracks Collector:
WE create, We decide:
Sharing is Necessary:
I'm a co-producer:
Among other things, a great illustrator, in collaboration with eXgae,
has synthesized the discourse on net neutrality to make it easily
THE INTERNET WILL NOT BE ANOTHER TV
To explain ACTA (the 2 best explainations for spanish countries):
To explain The Report 301:
An then the missing panel just for pleasure:
We hope that all these videos will be useful and that the poster will
invade the streets.
In the bottom of the mail, extense press release.
REPORT OF THE CIVIL RESPONSE TO THE SUMMIT OF MINISTERS OF CULTURE
FROM THE EU AND THEIR MEETING WITH THE Forum of Cultural Industries
The parallel citizen summit, the (D') Evolution Summit ? which was
organized in order to put forward specific proposals and urgent
demands on fundamental rights in Internet, and to give a real-time
account of what was being said inside the official congress ? allowed
civil society to keep an eye on what was being said about its future.
More than *5000* people (
were able to connect to the live internet broadcast, and 700 social
networks worked spontaneously to ensure that the information
circulated immediately. Thousands of blogs helped to spread D?)
Evolution (
The fictional character the Tracks Collector (
), an artist who tries to collect his legitimate royalties generated
by works licensed under Creative Commons, which the cultural
industries do not want to pay him, attracted more than *1000* fans in
a single day.
The (D?) Evolution action with Leo Bassi called "No pagaremos el pato/
We will Not Carry the Can for a cultural industry that does not want
to reinvent itself" ( was
the lead image in all the papers.
Every day, half an hour after the end of each session at the Forum on
Cultural Industries, we broadcast the edited highlights with live
commentary. The edit showing Eduard Punset directly addressing the
Spanish Minister, ?ngeles Gonz?lez Sinde, which we posted online with
the title La Leccion de Punset/Punset's Lesson (
) had 90,000 visits in the first two days, making it one of the *5
most-watched videos* on the net. It has now exceeded *150,000 visits*.
What the ministers and industries had come to Barcelona for, didn't go
as planned.
We were able to verify, live, that when they are watched over, our
rulers are not able to favour private interests with impunity, or to
implement simplistic control policies based on obsolete formulas.
1 ? The speeches supporting the interests of lobbies start to get a
bit uncomfortable. What they usually do behind closed doors (and will
continue to do). turns against them when it is discussed in public and
has to contend with arguments.
This is why:
a) The grand speeches aimed at industry heavyweights, promising to get
rid of anything that is not controlled by the multinational industry
that is monopolizing and hindering the circulation of knowledge, have
been strongly contested by civil society which responded in real time,
by wise men like Punset and Bauwens, by a section of some industry
participants in the forum who are already working on new formats and
by a few of the cultural leaders from the 27 countries, who do not
always share the simplistic propaganda they are dealt. We saw how in
only 24 hours, the aggressive, manipulative speech with which the
spanish Ministery of culture opened the Forum, turned into ambiguous
and confuse speeches, in which nothing precise is said.
b) The EU Commission on Culture and Education decided not to present
the Green Book on Cultural Industries during the meeting in Barcelona,
as had been previously announced. Since February, they knew that the
meeting would be contested on copyright issues, and we were informed
that they would not present the conclusions in order to avoid
?affecting internal equilibrium?. So we know that the taliban
discourse is being discussed internally and we?re glad.
2 ? Another phenomenon that was fascinating to watch is how, with an
absent gaze, grasping at a pre-digital imaginary in a world that has
already overtaken them in intelligence and capacity, they go around in
circles discussing representativity.
In Spain alone, right now, there are at least 300,000 people actively
and openly working to defend their rights in the digital environment:
"The Manifesto in Defense of Fundamental Rights on the Internet" (
) has been published and adopted by over 150,000 webs in Spanish, and
translated into 10 languages. Its page on FaceBook currently has more
than 230,000 members. RedSOStenible ( has
the support of 27,400 web sites. Sinde's List (http://
lalistadesinde.net), a list of web sites that self-report themselves
for supposedly including illegal links, is now 1391 pages long.
But many figures from the ministeries say that the proposals coming
from civil society "don't represent anybody".
In the current political system there are 2 key things that can
irredeemably tip the balance one way or another. One of them, civil
society has no access to: Money. But civil society does have access to
the other thing. This second thing is precisely about
?representatitvity?, which has changed its meaning since the Internet
started to allow direct democracy: Votes. A person is only
representative if somebody feels represented by it.
The Internet represents itself, it speaks loud and clear. Each and
every one of the 300,000 people who protest do not represent, but
simply are, this mass movement.
There is no longer a need for vertical associations in order to make
ourselves heard. Passive delegation is over, whether they like it or
not. We elect people every four years so that they can work in the
service of the common good.
The Internet has a Memory and it will remember those who approve
unfare laws without the consensus of those who they "represent".
Citizens have asked to be heard, and put forward solutions (
The Ministries has denied an audience, and ignored the solutions. But
the answer has been brought to us loud and clear by the ninja Van
Damme (Guillermo Corral Van Damme, General Director of Policy and
Cultural Industries): This is war. ?We have to win the Internet war?.
Politicians declare war on their constituents. If they want war, they
will get war. A war where there may be no blood, but what is at stake
is the intellectual and economic devastation of digital development,
handed over to directors and entrepreneurs who defend obsolete
monopolies and don?t allow anything else to grow around it.
There is no doubt that this war will be won by civil society, just as
the earth was eventually proven to be round and women ended up winning
the vote. The question is when, and how much suffering and
obscurantism we will be able to avoid.
Fine. And we continue.
An other, essential appointment, in Granada, where the EU Ministers of
Telecommunications and the Information Society will meet. We will be
there, because THE INTERNET WILL NOT BE ANOTHER TV (
Here some press realease of the event:
my-ci mailing list
my-ci at orgnets.net

@_date: 2010-04-15 16:05:49
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] nice little graph in attachment Fwd: [Permafest] 
Hi Michel,
by searching the net, I find out the graph seems to be made by *David
Flower shaped Graph in french:
and in english :
Permaculture Flower Pdf ( cc licensed ) :
Essence of Permaculture - free pdf :
More in relation to Holmgren and permaculture :
an interview dating from December 2008
"Permaculture: Principles and Pathways beyond Sustainability* (2002a)
saw a deeper and more accessible systematization of the principles of
permaculture refined by Holmgren over more than 25 years of practice."
2010/4/15 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-04-28 15:15:04
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cut or evolve from current "representative" 
Thanks Michel.
What is the position towards current (un?-representative) power politics?
Are they part of the institutional partners?
If so, is there already an existing concerted approach?
Pesos dialog between some people on this list with "politicians" related to
certain parties?
Is the so called "representative" power politics a way of bringing forward
one or more potential p2p strategies, if so, which ones, and is there a
concerted approach?
Personally, I currently position myself by staying cautious towards any
organized entities with power and non transparent processes, while inciting
them to contribute,without owning or controlling, to a movement for the
transfer of resources towards distributed forms of governance, production
and property.
Yet the "border" is subtle to me.
Even the way "money" is contributed, I feel, can lead to subtle differences.
And the way partnerships are experienced, including with so called
representative politics, is a question I felt like asking.
And if there would be any party fully supporting a p2p approach , what
priorities would you suggest them? Would there be a manifesto? Would it
require a new party? Or would such a "representative politics" in itself be
a contradiction to a p2p approach?
Has this question been raised in previous conversations on this list?
i would say my strategy would be integrative:
1) we build and network alternatives and create a new culture around it,
including social movements with political aims
2) we resist attacks, and seek support wherever we can find it, including
through institutions
3) once a majority is motivated enough, we move beyond the present system
My guess is that step 3 won't happen for another 25-30 years
On Wed, Apr 28, 2010 at 4:44 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <
 > > Hi Michel...

@_date: 2010-04-28 16:46:47
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Voting" for Distributed 
More specifically, in the same way as a "representative" election can lead
to bring despotism to power,
I would feel more at ease voting if my vote could bring a "distributed form
of governance" into effect.
I do not feel like legitimizing a so called "representative" system,
But by not voting, I also do not want to enable a less moderate party or
even despotism to take control.
... hence I understand people that do not want to vote, and would like to
find a way to vote differently then by not voting.
My current approach is by attempting, through my lifestyle,and through the
choice id my contributions and non contributions, to enable distributed
forms of governance , production and property to emerge.
Yet it still keeps the dilemma of potentially disempowering "representative"
power politics.
Writing from my mobile phone,
On Apr 28, 2010 4:33 PM, "Dante-Gabryell Monson" Thanks Michel.
Sounds similar to an approach I am taking. Just wondering if I need to get
involved at all in any representative politics, or even vote. And question
myself as to what point of view to share with others on this matter. I
remember we discussed it at the last Belgian elections. I guess its a
question of providing legitimacy or not.
Hmm,  I m aware I m not writing all pieces of puzzle, right now on my phone.
I feel some young and less young people around me seem less and less
inclined to vote at all.
 > > Hi Dante, >   > ...
On Wed, Apr 28, 2010 at 8:15 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <
 > > Thanks Mi...

@_date: 2010-12-10 21:22:02
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?=93Openleaks=94_Fwd=3A_=3Cnettime?= 
Uppdaterat 2010-12-09 22:17.
Publicerat 2010-12-09 22:16
The pressure on WikiLeaks is increasing. DN.se reveals that several key
figures behind the website that publishes anonymous submissions and leaks
of sensitive governmental, corporate, organizational or religious documents
have resigned in protest against the controversial leader Julian Assange
only to launch a new service for the so-called whistleblowers. The goal: to
leak sensitive information to the public.
The new project, ?Openleaks,? has been under way for some time and will be
launched Monday. DN.se has spoken to individuals behind the new site and
the message is clear.
?Our long term goal is to build a strong, transparent platform to support
whistleblowers--both in terms of technology and politics--while at the same
time encouraging others to start similar projects,? says a colleague
wishing to remain anonymous.
?As a short-term goal, this is about completing the technical
infrastructure and ensuring that the organization continues to be
democratically governed by all its members, rather than limited to one
group or individual.?
The news comes in turbulent times for WikiLeaks. Thousands of documents
infuriating global leaders and policy-makers have been unveiled to the
public via Cablegate. Meanwhile, Julian Assange has been arrested in Great
Britain on suspected rape charges based in Sweden. News about WikiLeaks has
been over-shadowed by Assange's personal problems.
Earlier this year, WikiLeaks experienced accessibility issues. According to
information revealed to DN.se, the problem was not linked to outsiders
trying to sabotage, but came from the inside as a signal to Julian Assange
to step down. The colleagues were dissatisfied with the operation's
association with Assange's personal problems and how he used the
organization in his explanation of the criminal charges.
It is the top-down management style which is under critique.
On the other hand, the DN.se source emphasizes the fact that the new
website is supportive of WikiLeaks purpose and goal.
?The two organizations are similar in that aspect that both are focusing on
providing means for whistleblowers to anonymously provide the public with
information,? one insider says.
Unlike WikiLeaks, Openleaks will not receive and publish information
directly for the public eye. Instead, other organizations will access the
Openleaks system and in turn, present their audience with the material.
Documents will be processed and published by various collaborating
?We intend to split the work in a way where we handle only the anonymity
and receiving end of the information,? says another colleague.
According to the internal documents shared with DN.se, Openleaks intends to
establish itself as a neutral intermediary ?without a political agenda
except from the dissemination of information to the media, the public, non-
profit organizations, trade- and union organizations and other
participating groups.?
?All editorial control and responsibility rests with the publishing
organization. We will, as far as possible, take the role of the messenger
between the whistleblower and the organization the whistleblower is trying
to cooperate with,? says one anonymous informant.
Another intended consequence is to avoid the pressure from world leaders
that WikiLeaks has experienced.
?As a result of our intention not to publish any document directly and in
our own name, we do not expect to experience the kind of political pressure
which WikiLeaks is under at this time. In that aspect, it is quite
interesting to see how little of politicians' anger seems directed at the
newspapers using WikiLeaks sources.?
Translation: Majsan Bostr?m.
Ossi Carp, ossi.carp at dn.se
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-12-11 11:30:30
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Documentary : "Shop 'Til You Drop, 
English Title is "*Shop* '*Til You Drop*,The Crisis of Consumerism" , Gene
Trailer :
full :
also see via *Torrent*
in German : *Shoppen bis zum Umfallen - 1/4*
Filmmaker Info
GENE BROCKHOFF | Producer & Editor
Gene Brockhoff has no history in film. He has been and still is a flooring
contractor who made this film in his spare time. "Nobody else was doing
films about consumerism, so I thought I'd fill the void," he says.
Transcript Related Links
2010/12/11 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-12-12 01:24:49
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vow-Oath as Profession - Missing Block in P2P Gift 
If you are interested in co-developing this
idea, or if you already know of such project,
feel free to contact me :)
Dante - I would like to make it easier to publicly *make civil Vow's*, or "Oaths",
as to further *increase recognition and support to exercise vow's as a
outside of requirements for employment from a specific employee,
as some kind of *direct "contract" with society, the community, oneself, or
even spiritually* if one wishes to ( for some, a contract with "God" ) ,
but to do so in a "open" and "networked" approach,
*without necessarily relying on centralized power structures ( such as
churches , or other institutions )*,
but rather *on peer recognition and distributed resource allocation*,
including via the use of the internet.
*I would like people to define their own vow,*
*in a modular approach*,
chose the time and context framework of their vow,
and enable them to change the status of their vow, while keeping a record on
and possible contributions by other people.
I imagine registering a url such as as to enable my.vow.is/abundance ; my.vow.is/nonviolentcommunication ;
my.vow.is/civildisobedience ; my.vow.is/hitchiking ;
my.vow.is/nonmonetarytransactions ; etc
or even some secular vows, such as  "*
, chastity , and ...
 (the vows of religion )*" -
  ;
as it can also be inspired by some secular religious Vows from various
spiritual or religious traditions,
such as this set of rules regarding "simple catholic vow's" - canon law on
religious profession :
I would put a limit to such vows in the legal terms of the platform,
forbidding, for example, direct or indirect threat of life and violence to
people, animals, or flora.
I imagine defining such limits may be tricky, and require a lot of thought
and feeling.
I imagine people can chose for several existing ( compatible ) lifestyle
contracts/licenses ,
or create new ones,
or use it as status , which can be updated.
It can be peer reviewed, or even endorsed by existing institutions,
and accordingly, people may want to support the individuals that share a vow
they feel supports their own intentions, and do this based on transparency
of their actions according to their vow,
practicing what they preach,
or if not, enable suggestions to have a "change of status" in their vow,
such as "I would like to, but temporarily upheld", ...
or simply opt out of the vow, if it does not suit them.
I imagine that although it can be a starting point,
instead of being based solely on, for example,
icanndomain names,
it could use a variety of
evolve while blending with inter-operable semantic
web  and microformat protocols.
I also imagine that it could evolve into a specific "Vow Contract"
Vocabulary for the semantic web,
which could easily blend with other types of "Transaction Contract"
Vocabularies I am interested in defining,
while also connecting it with social network vocabularies, such as
Or perhaps FOAF could directly be used to define the one or more Vow's one
engages in publicly.
I also imagine it could be combined with various other tools, such as
microblogging ( identica, twitter, ... ),
or enable networked intentional communities to "emerge" out of such
networked databases of vows,
combined with other (meta)data such a geolocation updates.
I imagine this can lead to emergent forms of networked monastic movements.
Including, for example,
but not only, as anyone can make Vow's, even the smallest or shortest in
With as result the empowerment and visualization of needs and
interdependencies as to support Vow's and their intentions.
Dante-Gabryell Monson  - Under GPL V3 Attribution

@_date: 2010-12-15 17:14:36
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative email infrastructure 
in relation to Sam's last reply,
I can think of one ( more ) of such cooperative in europe,
based in Austria :
( I bcc Roland Alton )
and I also have a good programmer friend who co-jointly set up some servers,
and hosts a number of organizations supporting artists and environmentalists
( including me ;)  )
and also provides email services...
( I bcc Meinhard )

@_date: 2010-12-19 17:07:58
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1st priority - Delicious 
I did a search for references regarding what Pamela mentioned, and indeed,
Yahoo seems to prefer selling delicious - Thanks Pamela!
Yahoo Says Delicious For Sale, Blames Press for Confusion
   - By Sam Gustin  [image:
   Email Author]     - December 17, 2010
excerpted :
?While we have determined that there is not a strategic fit at Yahoo, we
believe there is a ideal home for Delicious outside of the company where it
can be resourced to the level where it can be competitive,? the company said
in a blog post
In other words, the company apparently does care enough about Delicious to
invest in it at ?the level where it can be competitive.?
Yahoo blamed the press for the confusion.

@_date: 2010-12-20 23:42:21
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
A question arises to me after reading the article :
I wonder how (distributed ) networks scale ?
Sublinear or superlinear ?
Is a p2p approach superlinear ?
Is it a network of sublinear structures ?
Is there an optimal scale/size for ( networked? ) sublinear structures ?
Just asking out of the blue...
perhaps some of you studied this ?
excerpted from the article suggested my Marco :
"West and Bettencourt refer to this phenomenon as ?superlinear scaling,?
which is a fancy way of describing the increased output of people living in
big cities. When a superlinear equation is graphed, it looks like the start
of a roller coaster, climbing into the sky."
" ?We broke away from the equations of biology, all of which are sublinear.
Every other creature gets slower as it gets bigger. That?s why the elephant
plods along. But in cities, the opposite happens. As cities get bigger,
everything starts accelerating. There is no equivalent for this in nature.
It would be like finding an elephant that?s proportionally faster than a
mouse.? "
" ?The only thing that stops the superlinear equations is when we run out of
something we need,? West says. ?And so the growth slows down. If nothing
else changes, the system will eventually start to collapse.?
"Recently, he and Bettencourt, led by this impatience, began exploring yet
another subject: the corporation."
"it turns out that cities and companies differ in a very fundamental regard:
cities almost never die, while companies are extremely ephemeral."
" After buying data on more than 23,000 publicly traded companies,
Bettencourt and West discovered that corporate productivity, unlike urban
productivity, was entirely sublinear. As the number of employees grows, the
amount of profit per employee shrinks."

@_date: 2010-12-21 22:29:30
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p credit card 
regarding former post on this list
this reply from Cirio ( below )
excerpt from Cirio :
*"I hope that it's clear that i'm an artist, so this project should give
a vision, not a final solution."*
it will show up on this nettime archive
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Many thanks for the feedback.
It's not a project about fiat currencies, although issuing money with
new currencies is actually a good way to rescue local economies as
many theorists and cases history demonstrated. There are also many art
projects based on alternative currencies.
The P2P Gift Finance focuses on the creation of credit, which means
money (by any currency, here the pounds are symbolic, i'll eventually
start a branch in the US), and how to use present evil monopolistic
infrastructures (like the credit cards circuits) and financial
instruments (like the Fractional Reserve Banking) in order to give
power to create money back to the people. Banks are allowed to create
money that they don't have just by generating numbers through
software, as they are allowed to erase funds or move them away, just
by their mouses. So i think that people should have the same right.
Moreover the project proposes to abolish the "Interest rates" on any
kind of loans, as islamic banks already do.
I agree on the fact that the cards are indexed in a centralized
database, it's a technical limitation that must be solved, maybe by
the same technique for indexing torrent files.
I hope that it's clear that i'm an artist, so this project should give
a vision, not a final solution. Although it's not so pointless, and
actually it could work well, at the moment, nothing is more absurd
than the present economic situation. I advice to read and watch some
material here:
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-12-26 16:06:36
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Thanks Michel for your reply.
yes, ... The "*Iron Law of Bureaucracy*".
- profond soupir / deep sigh -
thanks for mentioning it.
I guess the current attempts at organizing research and cooperative
structures related to the p2pfoundation are an interesting experiment for
the ones involved in them.
I am curious to see how it unfolds.
Some more comments below, just in case some of us want to read on...
Two main topics below : the first one being distributed "connectivity" and
interdependencies ,
and the second one being "how to enable hybrid systems" as to benefit from
access to bureaucratically controlled resources, with some very broad
examples in relation to EU funds.
In both cases, I like the prospect of alternative currency architectures" to
enable such forms of emergent intelligence. - I do not mention which kind of
architectures, but this can be further discussed.
Yes, attempt to circumvent it, possibly using a equipotential open source
approach meme.
Yet bureaucracies often seem to control over certain scarce resources, such
as grant money, or infrastructure.
I somehow have the feeling this may me a recurring theme. Not only
capitalist enclosure, but possibly also bureaucratic enclosure.
Is there a prospect of accessing resources coming from bureaucracies, as to
enable support for p2p dynamics. Such as with Open Government
but for "scarce" funding ?
The main conceptual solutions to this I have up until now,
for answering *"how to mobilize the periphery, against the attacks from the
would be* setting up distributed interdependency information systems such as
creating various types of emergent "alternative currency architectures" that
would enable choice, on both sides, and eventually also transparency, if
I would hope it could *avoid a need for "information/propaganda wars" by
making contracts and interdependencies more transparently available.*
As for trying to find a way to converge available bureaucratic resources,
For example, how could one make benefit of ( grants from )
the "2011 European Year for Volunteering"
... while avoiding the NGO's to use such funds merely for a "tokenism" type
of volunteering ?
Another example :
How can we avoid this type of wasted potential, in terms of resource
allocation - hundreds of billions of euros ( although the matching funds are
usually a requirement to reduce corruption and ensure seriousness of
projects )
EU funds to build a stronger Europe are tied up in red tape :: The Bureau of
Investigative Journalism
Billions of euros of EU funds to promote growth in Europe?s rundown regions
are lying idle because cash-strapped national governments cannot find the
necessary matching funds to release the money.
investigation, show that the EU has paid out only 10 per cent of the ?347bn
allocated by its flagship fund, even though it is more than halfway through
its seven-year spending cycle.
Ah, I also feel like
excerpting from Wikipedia , Pournelle's version:
*"Pournelle's Iron Law of
*, which states:
*"In any bureaucracy, the people devoted to the benefit of the bureaucracy
itself always get in control and those dedicated to the goals the
bureaucracy is supposed to accomplish have less and less influence, and
sometimes are eliminated entirely."*

@_date: 2010-12-27 00:55:33
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] important questions for the p2p 
a quick personal reply to questions sent by Michel, in between the lines...
Through re-claiming interdependency ,
eventually through distributed transaction contracts
enabling any type of relational dynamics, or combination of relational
with any kind of chosen units of measurement ( currencies ) ,
as to be able to choose what nodes/agents in the system to support based on
available information, such as the history of redistribution or use of the
productivity of the interdependencies engaged in.
- How do the Rights of Mother Earth and the Commons approach complement
from my point of view, Mother Earth IS our part of our Commons.
For me, It depends how we choose, transaction by transaction, how to nurture
our commons.
Hence information systems , from my point of view, are central.
Transaction contracts, including any type of relational dynamics and
transactions between them, can potentially determine such outcome in an
emergent way.
A priority from my point of view, is to choose to progressively opt out of
parasitic resource allocation information systems, such as capitalist
information systems,
and refocus on distributed, progressively more and more localized,
interdependencies and emergent distributed resource management.
- What about popular education in the commons context ?
with each other, free access, basic income for each to have time to pursue
its learning interests.
if basic income does not come from current states, it can come from the
surplus of the local economic networks we engage in. ( such as cooperatives
"distributed" and networked
hopefully "transparent"
any kind of alliances are possible through a realm of transaction contract
graphs / and the alternative currencies used or created based on such
transaction contracts.
any agent in the system can choose what relational dynamics and transaction
contracts to engage in, or with what agents to choose to interact with based
on their mode of interaction with others.
it becomes an emergent system of incentive towards holistic choices,
resting on all layers of needs.
- What are the roles of the commons regarding the consequences of the
Good question.
Is there, or will there still be a ( centralized ? ) law system and ( state
? ) control as to decide to enforce contracts ?
Or will contracts become purely voluntary, based on reputation, hence having
an impact on future interdependencies of how agents use resources ?
In both cases, do licenses help ?
Does it help to license a commons ?
Can we , for example, license the use of water for non-warfare use ? Or the
use of the commons infrastructure to extract the water ?
And if yes, what defines warfare ? or the specifics of the license ?
Can we have distributed systems where each individual can end up choosing to
boycott what does not suit their own preferences ?
- What are the structures needed by social movements, and that they will
All structures that enable basic living and autonomous local production +
access to water , energy, transportation, communication

@_date: 2010-02-14 16:22:40
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] we need your help - creating new open source 
Hi Vicky, ( cc: nomad base  , traveling school of
life  , city mined ,  p2p research
bcc: more friends )
sounds really interesting.
Count me in - I m currently focusing on an implementation of such practices
Do you have ( a need for ) a wiki and a mailing list running ?
Is there a blog, twitter or delicious feed ?
I can support through getting in touch with some of the people you mention
in your email,
and eventually through networking with other organizations ( for further
european collaborations ? ) , such as citymined.org - to check if they are
interested ?
I also suggest getting in touch with Marilyn Mehlmann ( added in cc ),
who, from my point of view, already has a lot of experience related to what
you want to implement.
I am currently interested in the implementation of many of the different
topics you mention.
I am collaborating with friends in Leipzig to build up such kind of
resilient networked communities.
We have access to a 150 square meter apartment in Leipzig, as a first step,
to welcome people that want to live there without paying rent.
The water pipes have been recently replaced, the renovation is in process,
but it is livable, depending on your comfort needs.
It may not directly contribute to your course, but it can be an experimental
space for some of its practices;
There is already a community of networked houses on the spot, and a lot of
There is also potentially a lot of space within the city for urban
and a lot of non used former industrial space for various forms of peer

@_date: 2010-02-17 02:13:29
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] we need your help - creating new open source 
Thanks for your reply Vicky.
Yes, we can continue discussing it through email exchanges.
In the mean time, I feel like asking you on this list how you feel it
differs , or how similar it may be, from, for example, what Sam , Paul
Hartzog, and possibly others are doing through setting up
I feel there is the possibility for a synthesis of all kinds of projects and
subjects that have been discussed on this list,
and personally I feel more and more that I want to "live" with the people
that want to create such synthesis.
On Tue, Feb 16, 2010 at 7:35 PM, victoria sinclair

@_date: 2010-01-06 05:55:50
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is barter taxable ? 
fyi, following a thread on the ripple list...
*" Is barter taxable? "*
*" are gifts taxable ? "*
*... and ultimately I ask myself*
*" is leeching taxable ? "*
*"  being a leech or leecher refers to the practice of benefiting, usually
deliberately, from others' information or effort but not offering anything
in return " ... " Mainly, leeching is taking without giving. "
---------- Forwarded message ----------
*" Is barter taxable? "*
*following Adam's last post,
*I found some interesting replies ( related to the united states ) *
*through doing a search :*
*more :*
*also leads me to question " are gifts taxable ? "*
I feel like letting some of you formulate various scenarios in how this
could apply to ripple :-)
... I hope I will not be taxed for leeching :-)
by the way, in what way is leeching different then a gift ?
excerpts from
*" The key is whether there was an intent to compensate someone as a part of
the barter. "*
*Under the exceptions, barter exchanges are not required to file Form 1099-B
Exchanges through a barter exchange having fewer than 100 transactions
during the year.
Exempt foreign persons as defined in Regulations section 1.6045-1(g) (1).
Exchanges involving property or services with a fair market value of less
than $1.00.
Transaction involving corporate members or clients of barter exchange may be
reported on an aggregate basis. *
the question on barter and taxation complements a first answer by John to
[idea 4] on this thread regarding
" lets and taxation "

@_date: 2010-07-05 16:06:07
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] defining a (programming) language/annotation 
Thanks Sam.
I m in a learning process, and you are all helping me in it.
I may be making up my own definitions, and re-inventing what already may
so I ll try to give better terms to explain what I currently visualize in
relation to a p2p system for everyone to become their own economist :)
When I think about it I imagine it as the "computation" to be the "users"
I also imagine that it is emergent as the "users" self program the system,
as they code in transactions and architectures for transactions, and choose
to network or not such systems ( or create conditions for access to
networked architectures and interdependent transaction systems )
*An operating system, not for a computer, but for interdependent systems of
Various layers :
A network of computers using computer computation needed for the storing and
handling of the data ( the coded architectures, the set transactions, the
accredited transactions, the added metadata, etc ... )  making it
visible/accessible to all users.
It is only in addition to this that other tools can be used,
tools which themselves can be represented ( annotated ? ) in a certain way.
Tools that can offer extensions then eventually simulate/compute by building
on available data, either as a "engine" used by users ( for example a p2p
clearing tool such as ripple ? or a f2f tool ? ) , either itself as a "user"
of the system ( agent based computing as virtual users ? ).
Calculations for all transactions ( computing ), clearing, etc could be done
in a distributed way,
but would only be subtools.
Hence the easiest way of looking at it, could be to imagine the
creation of*a board game
which facilitates users to make choices for the requests and offers they are
willing to make, and a variety of architectures they can use /
suggest, by *"playing"
with more granular sets and commands ?*
"integral"  ? "Panarchic" ?
Yes. I have been exploring existing programming languages, and various
programming "paradigms", and was asking myself where to start ? What
language would be more appropriate :)
I considered Erlang too.
Also "smalltalk" ( as object oriented - it also seems to be used a lot in
finance ? )
Then I thought, perhaps its easier to use a language which offers a
graphical interface such as "processing"
I was also exploring multi-paradigm languages, such as "Oz"
yes !  :)
Thanks Sam ! Hi all people on p2prlist , Paul and Richard !

@_date: 2010-07-11 18:15:02
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
I like to see it as "an operating system"
where the processing power comes from its use by the ones that have access
to it.
Hence some of us may be interested in building up a/several new , non
proprietary , autonomous yet potentially networked "operating system(s)" :)
A ( network of ) operating system(s) where eventually, as Ryan seems to say,
we can further integrate "moral responsibility" towards others.
I imagine it may be possible to incentivize it through transparency,
including externalities, visualization of interdependencies,
and recognition in support of selfless-actualization,
while also enabling transactions ( shared ) between various modes of
relational dynamics
enabling participating individuals to choose the ( participation or
abstention in the ) transfer of resources from one relational
enabling participating individuals to choose participation or abstention in
one or more relational dynamics, and in one or more networks of relational
Changing the current quasi monopoly of a coercive, artificially scarce
operating system for interdependency,
into a "mutually inspiring", collaborative network of potentially autonomous
networked operating systems,
where "choice" comes in a networked and emergent way.

@_date: 2010-07-11 18:44:49
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
exactly. I was meant to start my reply with "yes Ryan! a machine! :)"
YES ! I can agree, Absolutely !
A MARKET MADE OUT OF DONATIONS :))) ... ( where we choose which
interdependencies to participate in or not - based on transparency )
facilitating a transfer of resources into "communal sharing" relational

@_date: 2010-07-11 19:00:32
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
Would you/one still donate to free riders , in a system where you can
visualize free riders based on contributions that can be accredited by
receiving and donating ends, when your objective is to enable intentional
interdependency ?
The old Debt to intention ( its name might sound misleading )
"brainstorming" I was thinking about some time ago:
an "update"
some list where I
tend to send some related conversations :
I realize these are potential architectures for "languages" for a "self
defining network of operating systems",
and realize that the people that I know that seem to be closest to such
understanding are Sam Rose and some other people he works with via Forward
and then some other people such as Art Brock and co , revolving around
Metacurrency ( although I do not believe that all people relating themselves
to metacurrency share the same kind of understanding )

@_date: 2010-07-11 19:09:49
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
post scriptum : the risk when everything is transparent, is to have strong
social control.
To avoid it, I imagine eventually participating in multiple networks, and
multiple relational dynamics ( "diversifying" assets ) ,
eventually also using certain networks using a system of keys, such as in (
as I understand it ) th F2F tool set up by Robin Upton
Hence, there are various potential
approaches for avoiding too much dependency on one particular "system" , and
various options for choosing "priorities" of resource allocation, and
 resolving concurrency issues.
On Sun, Jul 11, 2010 at 7:00 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-11 19:46:36
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
perhaps someone can translate what I m saying below,
in more simple words,
as I tend to see it visually :
i feel such logic can be turned upside down :
if a persons labour is not demanded:
in a system enabling anyone to create requests,
a person can suggest to such system, through requests, what it requires to
support a certain project.
it can also suggest projects to the system, and define requests to support
such project.
support to projects are not dependent on access to a centralized
banking credit/debt system, in itself too often dependent on profitability
through accumulation of other peoples debt units,
but support to projects may be defined by the emergent individual choices
for support of participants,
choices which, as I imagine, can be based on each participants understanding
of interdependencies of all requests, projects and people.
A system that does not rest on coercive power through artificial scarcity
and hoarding of debt units,
but that is based on incentives coming from an understanding of our mutual
empowerment and interdependence,
our facilitated access to such interdependence through participation,
and resolutions of issues through active participation and initiative
without trying to define what is socialist or not,
in a system of donations based on a visualization of interdependencies,
each network could choose what its priorities are,
based on emergence of individual choices.
Networks can create alliances, individuals can break off certain
interdependency networks,
and eventually port their data into other networks,
or be in several networks at once.

@_date: 2010-07-18 09:21:00
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments 
Hi... I m chipping in, in between your lines...
fear debt, or fear interest ?
does everyone have access to borrowing ?
is our system based on a need for an exponential growth of debt ?
is such exponential growth of debt in need for exponential growth of the
economy ?
is an exponential growth of the economy sustainable, or even realistic ?
if everyone creates debt, and if some can capture such debt better then
others ( including through creating monopolies ), do the ones that can not
come out of debt become slaves ?
Hi Ryan, saying that "all money is already P2P" may not be entirely true,
depending on what you mean.
Money ( I mean, the current monetary architecture, considered as "legal
tender" )
*as "usage"* may be P2P ( *and only for those who can have access to it* -
and even for those who have access to it but can not accumulate it, in the
current system, through interest and pareto effects, cumulated effect may be
more like a "Exploited2Exploiter" machine )
but NOT money as creation,
as there currently is a private banking monopoly on the creation of money
through debt,
and inequalities to access to money/credit, hence not "peers"
In relation to access to credit and its relation to collateral, it may also
be of interest to find out more about leverage in relation to liability, in
relation to collateral,
and, from my point of view, also seriously reconsider the role and impact of
It might also be of interest to understand the difference between debt and
interest, as money :
All money created through debt needs to be repaid, but the money paid in
interest on such debt does not seem to need to be repaid, hence , from my
point of view, may participate in the increase of the monetary mass, as it
does not need to dissolve itself, as with debt. Better still, it can be used
as guarantee ( with a 10 to 1 leverage ? ) to issue more debt... on which
there can be interest. - I d like to find out more materials/reference about
this, if you know of any.
Hmm... Really ... Ryan, you say "this is simply a tax scheme"?
Lets then ask : What if there is no money issued, can you still tax people?
Furthermore, in addition to "repayment of debt" ( with or without interest ?
it may be of interest to understand other approaches,
such as "demurrage" ( loss of value of units over time - loss of value
relative to every unit based on its own creation / it is not merely broad
inflation or debasement - , which could be chosen to apply especially when
they are hoarded from exchanges )
To use the example cited related to declaring money into existence by each
peer ( such as bitcoin, and possibly as a form of basic income ? ),
I could very well imagine a system "WITHOUT DEBT", where every citizen gets
a right to a "basic income" issued... between each other... on which units
loose value over time...
I guess one other big questions is:
"what is the relation chosen between property, power and money" ... and this
question includes the recent housing market crash... and the increase of the
total money supply based on housing speculation.
another question may be:
what is the relation between a "reserve currency" ( when everyone needs to
buy dollars, to buy natural resources ) and the capacity to issue currency,
potentially beyond its own collateral ?

@_date: 2010-07-18 10:58:26
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks! 
there have been some presidents of the united states that have been fighting
against central bankers - see :
President Jefferson :
*excerpt : *
* " **His
opposition to the **Bank of the United
* was fierce: "I sincerely believe, with you, that banking establishments
are more dangerous than standing armies; and that the principle of spending
money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling
futurity on a large scale."**[**55**]* < Nevertheless Madison
and Congress, seeing the financial chaos caused by the War of 1812,
disregarded his advice and created the **Second Bank of the United
* in 1816. "*
President Jackson :
also see around 1hour09 on *" **The Money Masters - How International
Bankers Gained Control of America "*
and, before the revolution leading to the birth of the united states, and
before the first and second ( private ) central bank,
there has been "colonial script" , which was ( although I m searching for
specific references ), apparently not debt based, but issued by forms of
colonial governance related to the colonies :
( also see :  )
excerpt :
*"Bills of credit were usually issued by colonial governments to pay debts.
The governments would then retire the currency by accepting the bills for
payment of taxes. When colonial governments issued too many bills of credit,
or failed to tax them out of circulation,** **inflation* *
also note that Colonial Script made illegal ( by the British ) may have
contributed greatly to leading to the American Revolution ,
see :

@_date: 2010-07-18 12:47:37
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debt free, interest free, 
Although I just noticed Patrick's reply on July 9, mentionning Greenbaks,
Silverbacks, ...
I feel like sharing some more references,
and open the question as to how M0 is issued by the central ( private, "fed"
) bank.
then colonial script,
there is to my knowledge another debt free, interest free issuance of money
- called green backs / united states note , issued by the Treasury ( not by
the private "Central Bank / "the fed" ) till 1971 in the US :
*excerpts :*
*"Legal tender status guaranteed that creditors would have to accept the
notes despite the fact that they were not backed by gold, bank deposits, or
government reserves, and bore no interest."*
*"The difference between a United States Note and a Federal Reserve Note is
that a United States Note represented a "bill of credit" and was inserted by
the Treasury directly into circulation free of interest. Federal Reserve
Notes are backed by debt purchased by the Federal Reserve, and thus
generate seigniorage  for the Federal Reserve
which serves as a lending intermediary between the Treasury and the public."
*After the intervention of President Jackson to a non-renewal of the charter
of the second central bank ( h*
 ) *, there has been no central bank for around 70 years.*
*Also note that the current private central bank / Federal Reserve , to my
current understanding, buy's Treasury Bonds ( with money it creates out of
thin air ) to guarantee the M0 ( base money ) on which it sets its interest
*and which banks need to use to enable fractional banking.*
note : I m trying to find back documents that support this explanation.
Easiest for the moment is to refer to the documentary , "The Money Masters"
@ 1 hour 57 minutes and 45 seconds
*also of interest :*
excerpt :
*"In its role as the **central bank* * of the United
States, the Fed serves as a banker's bank and as the government's bank." ...
"**the Fed sells and redeems **U.S. government
* such as savings bonds and Treasury bills, notes and bonds."*
On Sun, Jul 18, 2010 at 10:58 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-18 13:45:08
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debt free, interest free, 
some references to support what I was saying in the last message,  in
relation to M0 :
On Sun, Jul 18, 2010 at 12:47 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-19 14:27:24
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mesh - Not for profit Cooperative + "Megabytes" 
just in case some of you are interested in meshed networking... a
continuation of the thread...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
michelsub2004 at gmail.com>, Gael , Alex Rollin <
alex.rollin at gmail.com>, Peer-To-Peer Research List <
p2presearch at listcultures.org>
Hi Alex,
thanks for your 11 points reply.
 sounds like a nice model.
I wonder if the first step could be to
- evaluate the costs of setting up a few nodes/routers in a limited area -
without necessarily connecting them to the internet.
- making it possible to anyone finding such nodes,
to download a software from these nodes on their devices ( options for
various OS ),
1) enable their laptop/phone to be a participating node in the mesh when
they choose to
2) giving them the option of sharing their internet, directly through the
wifi connection of their laptop/phone/...
- I do not know *if such software already exists* -
a later stage potentially being for people to modify the protocols of their
routers, or buy routers that are compliant with one/several communication
protocols ?
for hardware , software, prices and protocols used,
openmesh hardware sounds nice.
its nice to see *what is already available out of the box, and at what price
i do like the idea of being able to update and add multiple protocols, even
at a distance. ( although cracking concerns may be taken into account )
i also like the potential of using "batman" and "robin"
i guess all this is possible providing the expertise.
*if cash is not involved* in exchange for internet data currency,
the question for me becomes : *how to self-finance some of the ( purchase of
) nodes* needed to keep a minimum permanent presence, especially in areas
where there are few participants, as to bridge zones with different levels
of mesh density ?
even if it is a not for profit approach - which could partner with existing
not for profit mesh projects.
Forwarded conversation
Hi Alex,
Caroline, Sepp, Meinhard, Gael
I ( we**? ) want to set up a Mesh Cooperative.
I created an entry on
In addition to the set up and interoperability of the communication
it can use an "alternative currency" for accessing the internet. ( its units
Ideally it creates partnerships between all participants, credits earned by
the network preferably reinvested into valorizing the network while
promoting open source hardware.
*It works like this :*
People use their wifi router ( check hardware + software, and
interoperability ),
their wifi enabled pc or laptop, or their wifi enabled mobile phones,
to enable ad hoc networking,
becoming relay's.
As they participate in the network, they have access to the network.
As they provide bandwidth to the local network, they have access to
bandwidth in the local network BUT they give a certain percentage more of
what they receive to the network,
which makes it possible to the network to "sell" credits to non contributing
people wanting to access the internet.
Thats the business model.
The extra cash is being spent in a not for profit to promote the network,
create partnerships ( with national libraries, universities, schools,
businesses )
increase its usership,
and set up critical nodes in places where the density of existing users is
not high enough.
It can be a combination of MANET ( Mobile Ad Hoc Networks ) and Fixed
Two existing , different projects :
Mesh Networking :
Also see some of the posts on
including Sepp's post
More links :
and related
**Its an old idea I have been thinking about since I interacted with
reseaucitoyen.be some 8 years ago,
 and set up back to date through interacting with Gael.
An wxcellent example of all the concepts we have been discussing.  I will
review your links.
I deployed a Meraki mesh net in the early days of the product.  It was not
easy and that was with a simple protocol ( ie sans currency.)  i hope
research will tell me the situation has improved.
Indeed the mesh net entry on the p2p wiki referenced a lean network,
g-something, that looked quite on top of things.
oh cool !
I guess you mean... hmm... scanning through the following pages... ( see
below )
and updated the wiki page :
   - Mesh Networks    ... ogy' of the network. There are a number of routing protocols which
   support meshnetworking amongst which [[OLSR]] is one of the most advanced
   and most wid ... ... nections. It is the lack of a hub-and-spoke structure
   that distinguishes a meshnetwork. Meshes do not need designated routers:
   instead, nodes serve as ro ...
   15 KB (2345 words) - 08:04, 13 May 2009
   - Wireless Mesh Networks    '''Wireless Mesh Networks''', '''Wireless mesh networking is mesh networking
   implemented over a Wireless LAN.'''
   5 KB (812 words) - 11:06, 10 March 2008
   - Wi-Mesh Alliance    '''Wi-Mesh Alliance''' URL =    654 B (95 words) - 09:52, 26 May 2006
   - Marc Canter on Mesh Networks for
   '''Title: Mesh-Up: Connecting Conent to People''' Written summary at
      415 B (56 words) - 08:49, 25 August 2006
   - P2P Mesh Networks    ... device to their in home network connection that offers free access to
   the meshnetwork and simultaneously extends the network. Not all
   participants choo ...
   1 KB (180 words) - 23:00, 8 July 2010
   - Open Mesh    ... rk Canter has an extensive investigation of what we need to build the
   open mesh: 1) [
      Layer One], [[Identity]], [[Data Portability ...
   10 KB (1526 words) - 04:19, 17 August 2008
   - Meraki Mesh Networks    ... ipal wi-fi projects'''." [
    "In most
   mesh networks, all the nodes that receive a particular data packet
   8 KB (1288 words) - 20:03, 11 March 2008
   - Open Mesh Networks    ==Why Open Mesh Networks are beneficial== ... ion, expands the capacity
   of the network. This intelligence is the key to mesh networks? immense
   capacity.
   2 KB (336 words) - 12:51, 28 December 2007
   - Open Source Mesh    '''= community in favor of [[Open Source Mesh Networking]]''' ... rld now
   have a place to collaborate to create a suite of tools to liberate
Mesh networks
   from proprietary solutions and vendors who's business models focu ...
   1 KB (163 words) - 04:33, 17 August 2008
   - Open Source Mesh Networking     Source Mesh]]  Mesh Networks]]
   134 B (14 words) - 05:10, 2 February 2008
   - Open Mesh Routing Protocols    121 B (13 words) - 05:30, 2 February 2008
   - Marc Canter on the Structural Conditions for Building an Open
   ... rk Canter has an extensive investigation of what we need to build the
   open mesh: 1) [
      Layer One], [[Identity]], [[Data Portability ...
   6 KB (933 words) - 05:39, 8 July 2008
   - World Wide Mesh    ... o each other via the Internet these meshes come together in one
   world-widemesh. ... m the network-centric model to the peer-to-peer
   model, enabled by wireless mesh technology."
   603 B (77 words) - 02:37, 17 February 2010
   - Mesh Potato    URL =  ... a
   marriage of a low-cost wireless access point ( AP) capable of running a
   mesh networking protocol with an Analog Telephony Adapter ( ATA).
   Wireless AP ...
   1 KB (142 words) - 15:55, 28 May 2010
Hi Dante,
this seems a good initiative, but I have one question: What is the selling
In other words, what does the currency you propose add to people's
willingness to network and to share.
In my view, many users would be happy to get into a sharing and networking
mode, but they aren't there yet. What they are missing is not so much an
incentive (a currency) but an opportunity. There is no easily available
hardware, and more often than not, there is no one to network with. So how
can that scarcity of opportunity be overcome?
Kind regards
p.s. added a cc to Michel, who would no doubt also be interested.
Thanks Sepp.
Good point.
Yes, I have been reading many of your posts on this subject, and I remember
we may have discussed the topic of meshed networks already.
The selling point I believe is not the currency per se,
but the possibility for people to access local and internet communication
beyond their own wifi access point, for no additional cost,
except for a configuration of their router, or wifi enabled mobile phone.
more precisely, it can offer them access to :
1) a distributed local mesh, which enables them to share files or *communicate
potentially *also through voice over ip, for free*.
note : As more and more people are likely to have wifi enabled phones,
and as such phones are more and more like little computers, I imagine they
themselves may become a manet ( mobile ) node in the mesh.
2) *have access to the internet in more places* in their neighbourhood and
 *if they themselves provide internet bandwidth to the mesh*
the currency in itself probably being only coming in third position,
as an additional option.
and a fourth , omportant one for me,
one may be a sense of increased local autonomy,
of a bound between people in your neighborhood that is not dependent on
companies anymore,
and potentially even of "identity" ... ? :-)
Hi Dante,
what you are saying is actually the business model of FON. You install one
of their low-cost wireless modems permitting other "foneros" who happen to
be close by, to use your connection via WiFi, and in exchange you get to use
the connections of others who also have installed a "la fonera" FON modem.
They are making those wireless modems available at a low price, but the
technology is not as advanced as it should be. The reach is definitely too
short to be really useful, and the FON wireless access points don't make a
network, they don't talk to each other. The model of FON is sharing your
connection and getting access in a similar way from others.
Meraki, I believe, is different, in that their modems actually do form an
ad-hoc network by talking to each other. They are also using cheap wireless
modems that extend, to some degree, the area of coverage of one or more
single "real" internet connections to a group of users. Meraki is
commercial, just like FON. They were trying to roll out a network over San
Francisco, but have scaled back their expectations, I believe. None of those
two have really had a great growth or a breakthrough.
There is also an open source Meraki, so to speak, which is, I believe,
called Open Mesh. If I remember correctly, they concentrate on B.A.T.M.A.N.
which is a routing protocol that allows mesh networks to form. They work by
changing the flash memory of certain compatible commercially available
The big problem, for now, seems to be the lack of a proper hardware platform
to base the network on, that is widely available. That would be the thing to
concentrate on. Meraki and FON have hardware, but their drawback is lack of
wide reach (WiFi goes only about 30 meters distance in good conditions, less
if you have walls to contend with), and the fact that they are commercial,
meaning they would like to have the whole world converge on themselves, and
it doesn't seem to work that way.
Until we have proper hardware to ensure connectivity, that is widely
available and that is open to be configured like we want, there is really no
way people will jump unto the mesh networking scene, if only because there
is a lack of opportunity, i.e. they don't know HOW to do it.
Kind regards
Exactly Sepp!
A mixture of meraki and fon approaches, although I Ideally imagine that
people could configure their own routers
(if they can add protocols , such as with a linksys router, or unless
partnerships are created with various existing internet providers who offer
a router with their service as to add a mesh protocol)
Or if they can add a module that easily turns their mobile phone or laptop
into a mobile relay node.
Easiest would be to start experimenting on university campuses, including by
enabling the meshed laptops and phones to share files ,potentially using
bittorrent over mesh? With a high density,I wonder if it reduces bottlenecks
and increases file sharing speeds? At the same time increasing the quality
of the reach of connectivity over a campus.
I guess this is where is connects with the one laptop per child project.
It could also be used by students to enable shared processing power of their
devices,over mesh,to support some of their projects. (especially for hungry
for processing tasks? Video editing? )
Eventually processing power over mesh could also warn credits?
Just brainstorming as I m walking back and writing on my phone...
What motivates me most,personally,is to have an.emergent autonomous local
mesh,which can guarantee autonomy of control from governments and internet
providers for local data exchanges,and serve as backbone for local
information systems that support local economics.
Perhaps there can be a mobile mesh protocol that can be proposed to run with
various mobile applications.
Perhaps that one way of doing it,in a granular and emergent way... ?
In that case,where does one start?
Using open hardware and old pc' to contribute to existing meshes, and find
existing tools to easily enable compatibility between Batman and mobile mesh
Using an easy to install module for android and iPhone's?
I guess its still a dream...
Perhaps the time is not ripe yet?
Still need to wait till 10 dollar open hardware ,with wifi and pre installed
(and configurable) open source software enabling mesh protocols?
Or is the current 30 to 50 dollar node making it viable in high density
areas,especially if some form of revenue can be created?
Just thinking loud up late at night ,after a small sip :)
Perhaps easiest to start by investing in our own mesh of routers... starting
with the meraki approach... building on existing communities of local mesh
Hi Dante,
Peer-To-Peer Research List A couple points:
   1. The connections to the internet are not *free* because "access points"
   are assumed to be connected to the www, which requires someone to pay.
   2. The currency might be great for enabling those who offer an "access
   point" credit for use on other "access points"
   3. Most "organized" mesh nets do not encourage a charge of any kind for
   roaming users.  Example:  .  This might just be
   a new class of networks, though.  See FreeTheNet below, which does charge as
   a cooperative.
   4. An alternative currency for access is great, and innovative, but
   exchanging that currency for "cash" may not be desirable as it is not
   standard procedure for mesh nets.  Good idea, though.  It needs to be a
   platform, though.  A platform should be usable, copyable, and extendable.
    Hypothetically, extensions should be usable by others on the platform
   copies.  Walk away complete is the tag line.
   5. Most protocols that happen over the internet can happen between
   machines and a configuration package for local services discovery could be
   very interesting.  Usually local networks are useless except for file
   sharing, and the services are less than ideal in many cases.
   6. The local package for service discovery could be handled/built in a
   way that was "network ambivalant", as a package that worked on the internet
   or a local network.  Example: keeping a list of media files you are looking
   for and using a collection of programs that search here or there to find you
   sources.
   7. OLPC already does mesh networking in a way significantly similar to
   what you describe  .  This
   is not typical for the configuration of wireless network cards in machines,
   though it is possible (for some part, at least)
   8. The Meraki company made a mistake and raised the price of their
   hardware so Open-Mesh took over the "higher purpose" of providing BATMAN and
   ROBIN pre-flashed nodes and extenders
   .  FreeTheNet uses Accton routers from OpenMesh, see below.
   9. Changing settings to allow and encourage local services discovery can
   be dangerous.  As a networking professional I will say that 95% of people
   are using default settings on their machine, and these make it almost
   impossible to easily discover local services with changing configurations,
   and that is potentially dangerous.  No more dangerous than using the
   internet, I suppose, but the exploits don't come through the browser,
   necessarily.  See the wifi iphone hack.  The issue is perhaps only different
   in that local network bandwidth is much higher, and so a hole in security
   can be exploited very quickly with big packages.
      10. You don't need to do anything new to accomplish your vision of
   extending the range of a local network across your city.  Just copy what
    is doing and use Open-Mesh routers.  It's
   getting easier, apparently.  I worked on  in 2007
   when it was just some guys hacking hardware and figuring out the business
   model.  It was a pain because the first Meraki products were just coming out
   and the team had to write and rewrite the code for the coordinated uplink,
   which allowed the routers to be flashed remotely.  Now it's a coop.  Yay!
    So you can copy them too!  Check out their bylaws here:
    FreeTheNet and Vonic use a custom DogOnRails
   app for network management, under development in a different form during my
   time.  This is for tracking memberships, I am sure, over the network and
   between access points.  It's also needed because the FreeTheNet model
   through Vonic calls for underwriting extending mesh deep into residential
   areas to supply home connections over a shared network.  A special purpose
   monitoring and optimization software is useful for that kind of thing.
   11. You won't escape governance and I don't know how to conceive of a
   local mesh in such a way.  It still uses hardware made by the machine, and
   it still has to connect to the www, at least for now, through ISP
   connections.  Someone has to pay for that.  Using local mesh for file
   traffic several limits what files are available.  It would take a small city
   to duplicate the power of a Google server farm used to cache partial copies
   of the internet, and that farm would be optimized for the task, unlike a
   city-res-mesh.
Peer-To-Peer Research List The simplest way I see this is to apply the couch surfing model to the
sharing of internet connections. Then there is maybe no need for a currency
and the risk of abuse can be reduced by mutual good practices as
participating members are equally vulnerable. In fact, my underlying concern
is to avoid being totally dependent on regular ISPs. The development of a
parallel mesh of interconnected mobile devices sounds more appealing. It
could be used at a city-level for file sharing, grid computing or as a place
where needs can match offers with the exchange of community currencies.

@_date: 2010-07-19 17:18:02
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mesh - Not for profit Cooperative + "Megabytes" 
"you can call your family and friends for free if they are at the other side
of town, connected to the mesh"
indeed, good point, no guarantees.
I do not have an engineer background for technical details and its
but in the way that I conceptualize it,
I imagine that for participants providing shared internet to the mesh,
they can access their own connection ( or equivalent in data flow / via the
"currency" approach ) via the mesh.
so that even if there is only one internet contributor to the mesh,
then this one contributor is the only one having access to hes own
connection, via the mesh,
except for the percentage of the volume of dataflow s/he shares from he's
her internet connection that is given to the network promoters, who
potentially could sell ( or not ? ) a few of these megabytes to some other
user, as to support the network financially - for the promotion of the
or the long term presence of the node itself.  They need power, shelter, the
yes - i imagine there could be a "backbone" of nodes owned by the project,
and other nodes being participants, hence the network being emergent,
including mobile nodes ( manet protocols ? compatibilty with other protocols
? bridges possible ? )
I guess the business model I imagine with the examples shared earlier are
probably a bit different - hopefully not as hierarchical, and not dependent
on specific providers -
yet still dependent on a threshold density of users/participants

@_date: 2010-07-20 15:22:42
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Hi Alex...
Interesting... enlightened self interest...
I am interested to understand how this plays in situations of "concurrency"
? ( such as access to limited resources )
Where do the priorities go ?
When is there "sacrifice" ? And according to which order of priorities ?
And in which type of relational model ( as for Fiske's relational models :
 ) ?
Can one imagine "agents" contributing till self sacrifice to p2p / "communal
shareholding" without benefiting themselves ( but potentially having some of
their loved ones benefiting ? Or humanity ? ). In such case, is their own
benefit that of personal satisfaction and sense of meaning ?
When googling "altruistic games", I also read mention to "indirect
reciprocity", which also may relate to "reputation"
( such as this article - mentioning a relation with development of morality
:  )
I was asking such kind of questions in this thread
*"Collaborative Individualists" Vs "Autonomous Altruists" ?"*
which followed other threads such as
*"priority users" in F2F altruist economics *
and a question regarding experimenting in the form of ( potentially
inventing ? ) a
a board game ? )
Perhaps some of you know of such kind of "altruistic" games ?

@_date: 2010-07-20 17:35:19
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
interesting examples.
foundations may be helping a lot in the current paradigm, from a certain
point of view,
but what about the system that sustains such foundations ?
and what about the ( undemocratic ? ) political power it provides to such
foundations ?
I briefly wrote , some time ago, about foundations and power
( first part -
 )
replacing the roles certain governments where taking , while, in some cases,
making it easier to evade taxes, or avoid take overs ( I remember reading
that there is a foundation in the Netherlands worth 35 billion euros, which
holds many of the shared of Ikea, as to avoid hostile take overs -
references below )
Nevertheless, it might be interesting to develop models to enable
foundations to donate into networked economies that promote different forms
of property.
It may also be worth to compare the damages of current economic models based
on artificial monetary scarcity, and a need for a creation of new markets
based on new forms of property / monetization ,
and the outcome of the impact of access to monetized resources in an
artificially scarce monetary paradigm,
in relation to the redistributions of some of the profits of such paradigm.
Are such redistributions of profits covering what I personally see as
damages coming from externalizations of costs, and artificial scarcities ?
it somehow reminds me of the politics related to "aid" to developing
it also reminds me of the figures related to aid to developing countries,
compared to the amounts of money going back to the developed countries. but
thats another discussion...
example, through a reference related to the foundation owning ikea :
* *" IKEA was founded in 1943 by 17-year-old** **Ingvar
* **in Sweden. Currently, the company is owned by a**
*-registered foundation that is believed to be controlled by the Kamprad
*"**In May 2006, the Magazine The Economist  estimated
that the foundation was worth US$36 **billion* *,
making it the world's wealthiest - more than the **Bill & Melinda Gates
Foundation* *. In the same
article, The Economist alleged that INGKA uses the foundation structure for
corporate **tax-avoidance* * and **anti-takeover
protection scheme* * for
IKEA.**[* <

@_date: 2010-07-20 19:26:11
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Could it be more fun to give,then to take through coercion?
By the way:
I am personally looking forward to set up an economic language / financial
system facilitating complex interdependencies, based on the fun to give !
Without need to coerce through conditional ,closed systems. Without need to
create artificial scarcity and limited opportunities, before accumulating
giving power.
Fun is an excellent explanation.  I suspect the great vast majority of what
is done by every human--especially those in developed places, is all about
We now have an economics and science of happiness.  Can ones for fun be far

@_date: 2010-07-20 20:03:01
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
I don't get it personally... but maybe it is for some.
Not sure if you are serious,just observing,or speaking for yourself.
( It would be Interesting to make studies on psychological profiles -
perhaps spiral dynamics gives an attempt at this already. )
The economic language and tools I want to contribute enable non
participation towards coerciveness.
Hence valorizing personal choice of contributions, and autonomy of
interdependencies through distributed systems,
With Indeed fun, sense of meaning, and attention as central elements for
But anyway,various systems can co exist. For me its about giving more people
choice of their relational dynamics.
Coercion is exciting, though.  Some people think that exciting things are
fun.  Europeans less so than Americans, I find.  Could be something to that.
On Tue, Jul 20, 2010 at 7:26 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-22 03:38:43
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
Some paths for answers related to M0 creation below, in case it was not
directly answered yet...
I m copying this from another post I sent sometime in the last week :
*Also note that the current private central bank / Federal Reserve , to my
current understanding, buy's Treasury Bonds ( with money it creates out of
thin air ) to guarantee the M0 ( base money ) on which it sets its interest
*and which banks need to use to enable fractional banking.*
*note : I m trying to find back documents that support this explanation.*
*Easiest for the moment is to refer to the documentary , "The Money Masters"
***@ 1 hour 57 minutes and 45 seconds*
May also be worth having a look at
 ,
pdf : introduction on
and for whoever understands french,
first some explanation and references about M0 creation,
then some more thinking around the central bank, M0, up to cancellation of
M3 by fed ?
*Basically, I m noting that M3 is not recorded by the Fed anymore. ( see the
"bilbo" link )*
*That there are videos which question where 9 trillion dollars in spending
from the fed went,*
*and I question if it did not go into cancelling some M3 that may have went
*I also note the surge of M0 in october 2008, which means the Fed ( central
private bank ) bought a substantial number of government bonds ( which
corresponds to the US government issuing for 800 billion ... in treasury
bonds ? )*
*see graph on **
*I also question, if the fed cancelled / swiped out ( by buying ) some M3,*
*is there any collateral ( even bad collateral ) that the Fed acquires ?*
*What would such M3 be ? Derivatives ? Derivatives not actually being assets
as such ?*
*But still have a "theoretical face value" ? ( in dollars - in M3 ? )*
* " **Referring to
derivatives as assets would be a misconception, since a derivative is
incapable of having value of its own. However, some more commonplace
derivatives, such as swaps, futures, and options, which have a theoretical
face value "*
* *
*I also question, if the Fed has such power ( and give links below related
to such eventual transactions ), does it have a political influence based on
which banks she is ready to act for, across the world, to buy / cancel such
dollar M3 gone wrong ?*
*What would be the impact of sweeping out huge amounts of M3, without having
it accounted for, on the economy ? What is the impact on M2 and M1 ?*
*I also question why , if the fed could settle such issues, did the US
government need to go 800 billion in debt ( or more ) to cover the banks ?*
*Is it because the fed needs to buy government bonds in order to create M0 ?
*( additional note : although the fed could have bought some more US
treasury bonds from the chinese or the japanese, instead of needing to issue
some more US debt through new treasury bonds, to create some more M0 )*
*Was there in that case such a need in increasing M0 to allow banks to issue
more credit based on fractional reserve ?*
*Or was it just an excuse to further indebt the governments ?*
voir aussi
ce qui est interessant c est d
essayer de comprendre si la fed ( banque centrale privee americaine )
a rachete des mauvais actifs directement de certaines institutions
et si oui, lesquelles - mais ils ne veulent pas dire lesquelles. ( c est
important, puisque cela determine la survie de certaines banques plutot que
d autres,
permettant a certaines banques de rachter d autres banques plus facilement ?
et si elle a rachete ces mauvais actifs, s agit il des 9 trillions dont ils
parlent dans cette video ?
et si elle a pu racheter ces mauvais actifs directement ( donc les eliminer
- et reduire massivement la masse monetaire puisque cela remet a zero les
credits pris pour les acheter ) , selon ses propres preferences,
pourquoi toute cette pression sur les etats pour s endetter massivement ?
est ce pour augmenter la dette de sorte a ne pas avoir une diminution trop
soudaine de la masse monetaire ?
vu que la banque centrale semble peut etre pouvoir pardonner elle meme de la
dette ( l eliminer, en quelque sorte ),
mais pas "creer de la dette"... donc il fallait la creation de plus de
dette, pour eponger de la mauvaise dette / de mauvais actifs,
n endettant les etats... c est a dire tout le monde ?
Je vais de pair avec Jean Marc et d autres sur cette liste -
cote documents "officiels", il y a moyen de lire un document de la Fed
 ,
en pdf : et introduction sur
En ce qui concerne m0
, a partir duquel s effectue de la "fractional reserve banking" ,
ou en francais "effet multiplicateur de credit" ( voir liens ci dessous ),
selon ma comprehension,
la banque centrale cree du m0 en achetant des bonds d etat / titres de
creances obligataires de l etat a partir du marche.
en achetant ces bonds d etat ( argent qu elle cree a partir de rien / ex
nihilo  ),
elle garantit l argent m0 cree par ces bonds ( puisque l etat doit
rembourser ses creances obligataires ).
En creant m0 de la sorte, cela permet aux banques privees commerciale, par
le systeme de reserve fractionnaire, d emettre autant de fois plus ( 9 fois
aux etats unis ? ) de credit.
La banque centrale / la fed peut decider de reduire la masse monetaire en
retirant m0 en revendant des bonds d etat dont elle dispose, ce qui
automatiquement reduit d autant de fois le credit que les banques
commerciales peuvent emettre ( puisque les bonds d etat garantissent pour m0
Une explication donnee ici :
"The Money Masters"
@ 1 heure 57 minutes et 45 secondes
et quelques liens en plus :
excerpt :
*"In its role as the **central bank* * of the
United States, the Fed serves as a banker's bank and as the government's
bank." ... "**the Fed sells and redeems **U.S. government
* such as savings bonds and Treasury bills, notes and bonds."*
* *

@_date: 2010-07-23 01:41:17
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
ps / note : as to try avoiding misunderstandings, and for the record,
in the context of this thread, when I made a comparison with a machine,
following up on Ryan,
I did not necessarily mean to enter an interpretation related to a
patentable machine.
I might mean a set of principles that can be used by a system,
a system which can be compared in terms of using a metaphor, a machine.
although i realize that the machine metaphor may be more related to ,
subjectively from a perspective I choose to take, an outdated industrial
perhaps we can use another metaphor, saying it is like a network.
a network of agents, which make choices according to contexts,
and that certain axioms/principles/practices that can be mutually understood
and agreed upon can be chosen to be implemented in certain contexts.
other people might call it a society.
and i hope not a coercive society.
I am not a lawyer and it is late night, so perhaps some will play games and
make me sound like I may be contradicting myself.
I just do hope that such understanding can avoid anyone from making claims
of wanting to own and control the value generated by choices made between
agents, whether people, or networks of agents in transactions.
I would also hope that people would not make any claims that would lead them
to accumulate beyond their personal use, resources from others through
coercive practices.
On Sun, Jul 11, 2010 at 6:44 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-23 03:18:23
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Most of which world ? Which world are you talking about ? The whole world ?
You mean, most of everyone ?  Are you talking on behalf of most of everyone
on this planet ?
In relation to what kind of context precisely ?
To a context of a globalized world , exploiting african countries for their
natural resources ?
A context of an economic system dependent on exponential growth of the
monetary mass, through a need to increase monetization of any kind of space,
resource, or potential for reification ? A context which may incentivize
monopoly or artificial scarcity through certain patents, as a precondition
to have access to / converge resources to enable collaborative initiatives ?
Perhaps it depends on the context one wants to choose.
Personally, I like to believe it is possible to create another context then
a capitalist context.
Or at least, to reduce dependency on a capitalist context.
Which reality ?
In which context ?
In a chosen context ?
Personally, I am ok with you or other people wanting to choose a certain
game, even a capitalist game, as long as it does not prevent me and others
of their choice for another context, outside of yours, if they wish to.
The problem is that capitalism does not necessarily make it easy for others
to play another game as the one it imposes.
I am currently dependent on capitalism, because its monetary system
is controlling many of the interdependencies I need to have access to for
But I aim at reducing such dependency on capitalism, reclaiming alternatives
for production, property, and interdependency mediums.
Most likely, from my current point of view, this may be reached through a
hybrid approach,
reducing dependency on any one type of system or relational dynamics,
but still have access to any one type of relational dynamics if and when one
choses to.

@_date: 2010-06-07 19:13:52
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P related awareness ? : Book and slides "Mind your 
Very nicely made slide presentation, by Tomi :
"Mind Your Elephant"
and Tomi's book, online :
Note: Tomi's site
is down since today, due to lack of hosting.
As far as I understand, Tomi is a critic of the current monetary system,
and attempts to stay out of it.
Perhaps someone has hosting space to offer Tomi ?

@_date: 2010-06-22 23:59:44
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "economic catalyst" 
Hi Samuel,
yes, sure.
The way I define it, is a p2p accreditation - *"recognition from both
parties for a transaction"*, which can be recognition of debt, or,
personally I would prefer, recognition of donation.
I imagine such "accreditation" to be publicly available,
and eventually also accessible through friends, and friends of friends, such
as through Robin Upton's f2f approach to it.
I can not remember where exactly I picked up the word "accreditation",
but I know I felt inspired by Robin Upton's presentation :
also see Robin Upton's f2f : and wiki :  and wikipedia general description of a f2f :
which seemed to complement and resonate with
some of the ideas I was brainstorming on

@_date: 2010-06-23 01:13:05
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "economic catalyst" 
I ll start with a simple answer :
I guess that in some way, the public history of our current email exchanges
already creates some kind of accreditation / publicly available mutual
recognition ?
A longer answer :
We can set up a project, and then collaboratively, such as on a mind map,
set needs/requests for such project to be developed,
and on such mind map also visualize our connection to such project,
and what needs/requests we may have individually to be able to support such
project ( food, shelter, ... )
We could also visualize every need/request we may have be connected, as it
would be some kind of tag/metadata , to all other similar needs/requests
from other people around us, eventually also relating it to geolocation
I imagine also that we could add more tags related to our requests, such as
ask for organic food produced within a certain distance from our location.
We can gather more and more information about potential producers, and have
them included in our networks of interdependency,
and enable them to also express their requests, and ways in which they can
support other peoples or projects requests,
and then enable them to choose who they prefer to support in their requests.
We can then come back to our own projects, and see their interdependence
with other peoples projects, and the needs of such other projects,
and we can enable people to add further data and meta data about the
accreditation of their transactions.
We can enable peers participating in the networked data bases to express
requests related to their support ( such as a IOU type of transaction , or a
specific need to be satisfied to enable them to create such support  )
We can include legal status objects to serve as intermediates for
such as specific not for profits, as to enable tax deduction for any
monetary donations to specific requests,
monetary donations which can be accredited and hence offer a form of
reputation, which itself could motivate other peers to support through
donations any requests related to the profile who may have gained such
So I imagine we can create some kind of minmap which could be some kind of
language, using granular elements.
I m not a programmer. Perhaps processing could help ?
Although I ve been thinking , with Gael, about perhaps learning some
programming laguage such as "small talk" , ...
Or perhaps some other languages could also be useful for such purpose / data
base ?
If it is a system then continually runs, perhaps also "Erlang" ?
I also hope to be able to integrate and use the f2f architecture Robin Upton
is designing and programming.
I also gave a description in my last reply on

@_date: 2010-03-04 14:44:02
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "enabling artists to make a living without 
Follow up :
The dedicated mailing list and webpage Julien set up in hes collaborative
research project ( aiming at helping setting conclusions he wants to publish
into a book )
This discussion list aims at sustaining a constructive brainstorming
on ways to:
*Enable artists to make a living.
*Enable artists to produce the best of their potential
*Enable the society to revealed talent
With the assumption that the current copyright-royalties is not the
most perfect model that can be thought of.
The outcome of the discussion will be gradually added to the
associated wiki page:
When the discussion is over we should have a clear picture of what is
existing and what is possible.
Feel free to open a topic on your own personal case, your own personal
vision, or on some cool unknown alternative that you know of. Or on
something else :)
To post to this list, send your email to:
 artcash at lists.freeactive.net
General information about the mailing list is at:

@_date: 2010-05-02 17:33:37
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Revenu Minimum Garanti" - Namibie 
*A "universal income grant" experiment in Namibia*
Also see : Kind of a BIG Deal
Namibia?s Basic Income Grant
jeudi 4 juin 2009
Namibia, a vast country inhabited by two million people, is one of the
smaller economies in Southern Africa. It adopted a market-based economic
system after achieving independence from apartheid- era South Africa in
1990. Despite creating favourable investment conditions and its high levels
of political stability, Namibia, with its ample mineral and marine
resources, could not break the vicious cycle of mass unemployment,
inequality, and poverty.
In 2002, the Namibian government appointed the Namibia Tax Consortium to
review Namibia?s tax system and to explore ways of addressing poverty and
inequality. The subsequent report found ?that by far the best method of
addressing poverty and inequality would be a universal income grant.? The
commission further suggested that the BIG should be set at a level of at
least N$ 100 (USD$ 12) per person per month.
A BIG would cover all Namibians from birth until they reach the age of 60,
at which time the national old age pension scheme (currently N$ 470 per
month) would kick in. The consortium pointed out that the net costs of the
Basic Income Grant would amount to about 3% of Namibia?s GDP and could be
recovered through changes in the tax system, whose collection rate is
currently below 25%, thus making a BIG affordable.
The Namibian government was divided over the question of a BIG. Some
regarded it as an unaffordable welfare measure, while the International
Monetary Fund did its utmost to discourage Namibia?s policy makers from
implementing it. Undeterred, in 2004 a coalition of churches, trade unions,
NGOs, and AIDS Service organisations formed the Basic Income Grant Coalition
to advocate for the introduction of a BIG in Namibia.
After three years of debating and lobbying, no breakthrough was achieved ;
government ministers and parliamentarians were still divided over the merits
of a BIG. Finally, the Coalition decided to implement a basic income grant
in a single village.
The chosen location was the settlement of Otjivero in the Omitara district
of Eastern Namibia. About 1,000 people reside there. Most of them are
retrenched former farm workers and their families, all of whom have nowhere
else to go. Poverty and desperation were widespread and the Coalition
believed that if the BIG could make a difference in the lives of the
residents of Ojtivero, it would certainly be able to make a difference in
the rest of the country.
The pilot project started in January 2008. All residents below the age of 60
years received a Basic Income Grant of N$100 per person per month? no
strings attached. A local and international research team has accompanied
the introduction of the BIG ; their task is to closely monitor its impact
over a two-year period.
The community itself responded to the introduction of the BIG by
establishing their own eighteen-member committee to mobilize the community
and advise residents on how they could improve their lives with the money.
This suggests that the introduction of a BIG can effectively assist with
community mobilisation and empowerment.
The first to benefit have been the children. In just six months child
malnutrition plummeted from 42% to 17%, while the number of parents paying
for school fees doubled to 90%. More children are now attending school and
the stronger financial situation has enabled the school to improve teaching
materials for the pupils. The school principal reported that dropout rates
at her school were 30-40% before the introduction of the BIG. By July 2008,
these rates were reduced to a mere 5% and by November 2008, they were almost
Another striking fact is that income has risen by more than the amount of
the grants. People are now able to engage in more productive activities,
which has fostered local economic growth and development ; several small
industries have sprouted up in Otjivero, such as dressmaking, baking, and
brick making. Indeed, since the introduction of the BIG, the majority of
people have been able to increase their work and their income dramatically.
Average monthly household incomes increased substantially over and above the
value of the BIG payments : household incomes from wages increased by 19%,
income from farming increased by 36%, and income from self- employment
increased by 301% during the first year. These findings contradict critics?
claims that the BIG would lead to laziness and dependency.
Worries that the grants would lead to more alcoholism proved likewise
unfounded. On the contrary, the introduction of the BIG has induced the
community to set up a committee that is trying to curb alcoholism. An
agreement has also been reached with local shebeen owners not to sell
alcohol on the day of the payout of the grants.
Meanwhile, economic and poverty- related crime (illegal hunting, theft and
trespassing) has fallen by over 50%. The Basic Income Grant has also helped
young women to take charge of their own lives. Several cases document that
young women have been freed from having to engage in transactional sex.
A further boon is that the BIG has supported and strengthened government
efforts to provide antiretroviral treatment to people suffering from
HIV/AIDS by improving access to government services and enabling people to
afford nutrition. The settlement?s health clinic was visited much more
frequently ; residents were able to pay the N$ 4 and it has seen its income
increase fivefold.
The initial results of this pilot project are encouraging and have, thus
far, exceeded the expectations of the BIG Coalition. The local community has
embraced the pilot project and is determined to make it a success. The BIG
Coalition now hopes to convince the Namibian government to introduce a
countrywide BIG in the near future.
All these positives aside, there is no doubt that the BIG is a limited
measure and cannot be a panacea for Namibia?s considerable socio-economic
challenges. The initiative has to be accompanied by other measures of
resource redistribution, job creation and structural change. However, the
BIG represents a promising starting point that can make an immediate dent in
the debilitating and violent poverty that undermines the lives of so many
For further information on the BIG, visit *HERBERT JAUCH is the Head of Research and Education at Namibia?s Labour
Resource and Research Institute (LaRRI), Photo : Dirk Haarmann
2010/5/2 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-11-12 20:19:13
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Errata :
In relation to the sources of this french text that I initially forwarded,
I realize that it does not lead to N. Chomsky, but to some other conspiracy
While trying to find out about an english original version,
I realized the following written by Jean Bricmont ( whom collaborates with
Chomsky ) whom already noticed this text circulating on the net
" Comme ce texte me semblait ?tre une simplification et une d?formation de
sa pens?e, et que je ne trouvais pas son ?quivalent en anglais, je lui ai
pos? la question, pour en avoir le coeur net. Voici sa r?ponse : ? *Je n?ai
aucune id?e d?o? cela vient. Je n?ai pas fait cette compilation moi-m?me, je
ne l?ai pas ?crite ni mise sur le web. Je suppose que celui qui l?a fait
pourrait pr?tendre que ce sont des interpr?tations de ce que j?ai ?crit ici
ou l? mais certainement pas sous cette forme ni en tant que liste*. ? "
*Apologies for this - I ll try to double check sources earlier next time !
2010/11/12 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-11-13 14:21:23
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: <edu-factory> Round of Discussion on Debt 
excerpted from message :
*" We can claim the right of bankruptcy for workers, students, and migrants.
This is I believe also an interesting topic when taken from a p2p
Potentially combined with non-violent civil disobedience,
and a discussion on power structures related to "monetary creation"
architectures , and more broadly : financial architectures , resource
allocation information systems.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
 *Presentation for the Round of Discussion on Debt*
Last April, the conference in Minneapolis "Beneath the University, the
Commons" launched a call for action against debt, the central tool of the
ongoing crisis and financialization of our lives. The
discussed and approved in other activist encounters, for instance in
at the European meetings in Paris and Bologna. Now we want to build up a
global campaign for a debt abolition movement and to promote a global day of
In the last few decades debt has been a perverse tool that substituted for
welfare policies: better said, there was a sort of financialization of
welfare. Welfare was used by millions of people to access their social
needs. For example, despite the increase in university fees, there was a
trend of increasing enrolments. This means that debt was used for mass
access to higher education. In this context, the non-repayment of debt is
one of the roots of the current economic crisis and banks and governments
are more and more worried about so-called ?at risk? loans, that is, loans
that cannot be repaid.
We don't need a moralistic position against debt, but a political strategy.
The abolition of debt is not a gift of governments or international bodies,
but a field of struggle. We do not invoke the non-repayment of debt only
because it already exists on a mass level, but because it is a form of
resistance and reappropriation of social wealth. We can collectively
contribute to the organization of this struggle at the global level,
creating connections, and with social, political, and juridical instruments.
We can claim the right of bankruptcy for workers, students, and migrants.
We know that debt has different forms and effects in different areas and
contexts, from the local to the global scale. It is obviously not limited to
the university and student debt is only one of the many facets of the
process: in fact, ever since the 1980?s, the battle against debt in the
postcolonial world has been a central issue that contributed to the
formation of a global movement. Likewise, as stated earlier, debt is a
central mechanism in the contemporary global economic crisis. Any campaign
against debt must be global, or it will not be at all.
In calling for such a global campaign, we are aware that debt is not merely
a financial matter but also a fundamental condition of the human animal.
Because the human species depends on constant learning and education for its
survival, these should be considered basic needs, along with shelter and
food, to which all governments and social organizations provide universal
access. Furthermore, human animals exist in a relation of environmental
interdependence with other inhabitants of planet Earth, including inanimate
and animate beings. The abolition of financial debt is a political correlate
to the recognition and accommodation of these other forms of human
To build a global campaign against debt, we propose to use the edufactory
list as a place of debate, connection, and organization. Starting the 15th
of November, 2010 we have planned a round of discussion and political
inquiry dedicated to the various forms of debt - as well as the various
forms of resistance and struggles against it - all over the world. To
improve free discussion and circulation of news and documents, we have
prepared a calendar of scheduled contributions. If you want to send a
contribution, please write to info at edu-factory.org.
 All the material will be published on a dedicated section of the edufactory
website, here .
*Open Calendar for Contributions*
Andrea Fumagalli ? 15 November 2010
The Association of Blacklisted Students with Norihito Nakata and Sabu Kohso
? 25th of November 2010
George Caffentzis and Silvia Federici ? 15 December 2010
Jeffery Williams ? 5 January 2011
Carlo Vercellone ? 15 January 2011
Doug Henwood  ? 25 January 2011
Richard Pithouse ? 5 February 2011
Midnight Notes Collective ? 15 February 2011
Christian Marazzi ? 25 February 2011
edufactory mailing list
edufactory at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-11-14 15:50:40
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] UK's universal credit 
"Universal Credit" looks very "conditional" and "coercive" to me, when
looking at the paragraph pasted below.
How do they define "employment" ? How do they define "work" ?
excerpt :
*Conditionality & sanctions:* Universal Credit will be supported by a strong
system of conditionality, which will be personalised (building upon
Professor Paul Gregg?s recommendations to the previous government).
Unemployed people who can work will be required to take all reasonable steps
to find and move into employment and the government will introduce a
?claimant commitment?. New financial sanctions will be introduced into the
existing benefits system to support these measures and will be carried
through when the Universal Credit is introduced.
On Sun, Nov 14, 2010 at 12:08 PM, Richard Poynder <

@_date: 2010-11-14 16:19:11
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] UK's universal credit 
Next step : "prisonfare"... ?
Financing prisons with public money to "welcome" the poor ( with a nifty
profit for carceral private companies ),
while stripping the poor off their voting rights ?
Eventually also with some low / non paid "work" in prison ?

@_date: 2010-11-15 16:22:02
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Video - 'We Become Silent: The Last Days of Health 
*'We Become Silent: The Last Days of Health Freedom' *
***details the ongoing attempts by multinational pharmaceutical interests
and giant food companies *
*-- in concert with the WTO, the WHO and others -- to limit the public's
access to herbs, vitamins and other therapies.*
it lasts 28 minutes
It also mentions "Codex Alimentarius"
I find this video mentionned above of interest.
Yet, what concerns the petition mentioned below , I m not sure why it says
they need 35 million signatures
( unless it is a viral advertisement approach supported by fear ? ),
as I remember another running petition "only" requires 1 million signatures
( Eliant Petition  , supporting midst
other the right for preserving anthroposophic medicine ),
but only for the EU commission,
not for the USA or other "technocracies" ?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hi friends,
Please have your buddies in Europe sign this petition.
Hi Everyone: if you live in Europe or know anyone who does, please get on
the bandwagon for this, have them sign and send it on.        FYI........
they need *35 millon* votes, please send to family &  friends in Europe,
       The EU has passed a directive that comes into full-force in April
2011: that all herbal and mineral supplements are to be
banned,  all teaching of alternative healing methods will be banned,
and homeopathic colleges dissolved.....etc. As of this summer it
is now forbidden to sell books about using plants and minerals.
    If you live in Europe or know people/ family in Europe,
please  help  circulate this email, 35 million signatures are needed-NOW!!
for more information and signing :
? ????????? ????? ???? ??????? ?????? ??? ?? ????? ?? ????? ???? ??? ???????
??? 2011??????? ?? ??? ????? ?? ???????????? ??? ?? ???????????? ?????????
??? ? ?????????? ???????????? ??????? ?????????. ??? ??? ????? ?? ?????????
???????????? ? ?????? ??????? ??????? ?? ?? ????? ??????? ??? ?????????????.
??????????? 35 ??????????? ????????? ??? ?? ?????????? ?? ??????? ????
???????? ??? ?????? ??? ?????????? ??? ??????????? ??? ??? ??????????
*?????? ????? ?? ???????? ?????? ??? ??? ?? ?????????*
*????? ? ??????? ???? ??? ??? ??????? ??? ??????? ????. ???? ??????????? ???
??????? ??? ????? ?????? ?? ?????????? ?? ????? ?? ??? ??????????, ??? ??
???? ??? ??? ???????? ??? ??????. ? homo sapien ????????? ??????????? ???
40.000 ??????, ? ?????????? ??????????????? ????????????? ????????? ???
????????? ?? ????????? ????? ?????? ?????? ?? ??????????? ?? ????? ???? ????
??? ???? ???.*
* *
*?????? ??????? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ?????? ? ???????? ??? ?????? ?? ?? ?????
???? ???????? ??????????? ????????? ??? ?? ?? ????????.*
??????? ??????
??? ???????????? ??????????? ? ?????????

@_date: 2010-11-19 14:34:04
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Micro-Finance in India Stumbling 
I just read an article in french from "L'Echo" , updating about the
stumbling of Micro Credit in India ( which I can send to you in pdf if you
like ).
It basically says that Micro Credit is stumbling in India, including through
political pressures.
That it is accused of hyper profitable operations with high interest rates,
leading to suicides, or prostitution to pay off debts.
The article also says that the Government of Andhra Pradesh, one of the
Indian States,
where one third of micro credit loans in India have been made,
has set controls on micro credit businesses, putting them on hold.
At a national level, the central bank of India has set up a special
with the minister of finance of New Delhi, Pranab Mukherjee, declared micro
credit interest rates exorbitant.
You can also read this in a english article on the net :
excerpt :
*India?s rapidly growing private microcredit industry faces imminent
collapse as almost all borrowers in one of India?s largest states have
stopped repaying their loans, egged on by politicians who accuse the
industry of earning outsize profits on the backs of the poor. *
I also found the following article in English written *"in 2006"* , which
gives a very interesting and more in depth overview on potential problematic
developments in India - including comparisons with Bangladesh :
excerpts :
*"the funds are often being used not as seed money for a new enterprise,
such as buying a cow to sell the milk or setting up a fruit stand, but as
handouts spent on consumption."*
*"In India rates average 30 per cent a year, though some lenders charge more
than 45 per cent.*
*"In their anxiety to expand very fast, they are pushing loans," says Rao,
the microcredit campaign organiser. "They're not careful in vetting." *
On the internet, I also found the following recent article
*The micro-credit loan interest rate is usually 25% -100%*
This reminds me the following :
A *loan shark* is a person or body that offers unsecured
loans at
high interest rates  to
individuals, often enforcing repayment by
blackmail or
threats of violence .
---------- Forwarded message ----------
 Bonjour,
En annexe un article de L?Echo sur le sujet.

@_date: 2010-11-19 16:23:36
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Micro-Finance in India Stumbling 
Tanks Michel
Yes, possibly a lack of regulation,
and not enough follow up,
leading micro credit to support consumption,
rather then investment in very small scale entrepreneurship.
I liked ( the romantic ? ) idea of community self empowerment through micro
having a caring follow up, with organizations potentially providing
empowering small scale entrepreneurship information,
potentially enabling pools of woman to pay back loans which could then
directly and entirely go back into financing new loans in their community.
I personally believe that such approach should have remained not for profit,
without interest, ideally in alternative currencies ! ( mutual credit ? c3 ?
just to mention some of the more reknown debt based alternative currencies )
I would like to remind that the model implemented by Yunus,
although possibly an improvement by attempting to offer credit possibilities
to poor people wanting to set up their business,
has been implemented based on central bank currencies,
while charging interest.
Interest contributes, in my understanding of monetary systems,
to artificial scarcity;
If one shares the understanding that all ( or almost all) money created is
created through credit,
and that the creation of interest on this credit principal is not included.
Hence there is not enough money to pay the principal debt / credit + its
interest ( as the interest has not been created ),
unless the total monetary mass increases ( by credit creation through debt,
on which there is again interest ).
The result, in my understanding, is that through time, a greater percentage
of the newly created money / credit, goes into paying off the interest on
the previous debts / monetary creation... a transfer of money , through
interest, from the ones to take credit, to the ones that do not need credit
or control the credit system :
"a power structure."
When such artificial scarcity of currency is experienced by much of the
much of the population starts competing with each other for scarce money,
briigning labor prices down, and enabling people with money to have control
by using their money to have access to labor - with labor potentially
willing to do things it would not do if it would be in a situation of
currency sufficiency...

@_date: 2010-11-19 14:06:32
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Micro-Finance in India Stumbling 
In attachment, an article in french from "L'Echo"
It basically says that Micro Credit is stumbling in India, including through
political pressures.
That it is accused of hyper profitable operations with high interest rates,
leading to suicides, or prostitution to pay off debts.
The article also says that the Government of Andhra Pradesh, one of the
Indian States,
where one third of micro credit loans in India have been made,
has set controls on micro credit businesses, putting them on hold.
At a national level, the central bank of India has set up a special
with the minister of finance of New Delhi, Pranab Mukherjee, declared micro
credit interest rates exorbitant.
You can also read this in a english article on the net :
excerpt :
*India?s rapidly growing private microcredit industry faces imminent
collapse as almost all borrowers in one of India?s largest states have
stopped repaying their loans, egged on by politicians who accuse the
industry of earning outsize profits on the backs of the poor. *
I also found the following article in English written *"in 2006"* , which
gives a very interesting and more in depth overview on potential problematic
developments in India - including comparisons with Bangladesh :
excerpts :
*"the funds are often being used not as seed money for a new enterprise,
such as buying a cow to sell the milk or setting up a fruit stand, but as
handouts spent on consumption."*
*"In India rates average 30 per cent a year, though some lenders charge more
than 45 per cent.*
*"In their anxiety to expand very fast, they are pushing loans," says Rao,
the microcredit campaign organiser. "They're not careful in vetting." *
On the internet, I also found the following recent article
*The micro-credit loan interest rate is usually 25% -100%*
This reminds me the following :
A *loan shark* is a person or body that offers unsecured
loans at
high interest rates  to
individuals, often enforcing repayment by
blackmail or
threats of violence .
---------- Forwarded message ----------
 Bonjour,
En annexe un article de L?Echo sur le sujet.

@_date: 2010-11-28 20:31:44
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Article - Tim Berners Lee - "Long Live the Web: A 
Long Live the Web: A Call for Continued Open Standards and Neutrality
The Web is critical not merely to the digital revolution but to our
continued prosperity?and even our liberty. Like democracy itself, it needs
By Tim Berners-Lee
  November
22, 2010
page 4 :
excerpt :
*Keep the Web separate from the
Keeping the web universal and keeping its standards open help people invent
new services. But a third principle?the separation of layers?partitions the
design of the Web from that of the Internet.

@_date: 2010-11-29 01:06:09
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Article - Tim Berners Lee - "Long Live the Web: 
Hi Patrick, Hi Sam,
yes, I guess Sepp is reporting on local mesh networks on the p2p ning
another thread he started in 2008 on
I also mentionned initiatives such as freifunk or reseaucitoyen, which exist
for more then 10 years.
It seems some cities have more dense networks. San Francisco ? ( meraki ? )
Perhaps also "Leipzig", in Germany ( freifunk )
where I hope to connect myself to.
By the way, I am inviting friends to invest in "use value infrastructure" in
Leipzig , starting with housing, then possibly expanding to local small
scale cooperative production :

@_date: 2010-11-29 11:05:47
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: I'm making a documentary film about building a 
Hello Friends!
I?m excited to tell you about a documentary film I?m producing called
Stories of a New
Alan Rosenblith, Director of
*The Money Fix.*
*We have already begun filming, and will be heading to San Francisco this
week to interview Jimmy Wales, founder of Wikipedia.*
We are looking into whether the economy is just in a recession, or if there
is a more fundamental change afoot; a shift from an Industrial to an
Information Age economy.
*The film will thread together powerful new ideas, business models, **
patterns,** solutions and cultural trends that are beginning to converge
into a fundamentally new form of economy; one that can meet the myriad
challenges facing humanity.* We?re making this film to help us all find a
smooth transition into the new information age economy. Some themes we?ll be
covering are listed below.
Thus far, we have been traveling, filming, researching, writing and building
the website out-of -pocket. We need more co-producers! So we are running a
peer-funding campaign to raise the initial resources to produce a
world-class film with the potential to spread the most promising and
innovative approaches to building a sustainable, beautiful and equitable
*We have raised 23% of our $10,000 target, and we have one month left to
finish.* We are using a service called
a peer-funding platform where people make pledges which only go through if
the full amount is reached within a specific time-frame.
We?re excited by the cumulative effect of all the small donations that have
come in; it shows popular support, and they really add up! We will also need
some large donations to reach our target. Please do spread this widely!
*Click here to show your
Your friend,
*Jay Standish*
*You can follow us on
twitter , and our
To learn more, below are some of the themes we will be covering in the film:
1)  *New Media:*  In the last twenty years, a wave of new tools has
transformed the way we communicate. Twentieth century media tools used the
broadcast, or "one-to-many" form, but today, with the advent of social
media, we can, for the first time, communicate on a large scale in a
"many-to-many" pattern. This ease of communication has profoundly affected
how the economy is organized.  We will explore how tools like blogs, mobile
devices and social media have transformed the way people live and work.
2)  *Networks:* These new forms of communication have enabled the geometry
of our organizations to evolve from pyramidal to networked.  In the past we
needed top-down hierarchical organizations to organize on any scale larger
than a village.  Today, we see highly effective organizations that have
embraced a networked structure.  We will explore how living in a networked
world changes the incentives and dynamics of economic interaction.
3)  *Letting Go of Control: *As we have transformed into a networked
culture, we have developed new ways of deriving value from our work.  We
formerly depended on capturing value through the ownership of assets and the
control of production.  Now that access to knowledge and information is at
most a few connections away, many people are opening up control over their
property ?physical, virtual and intellectual- in favor of sharing amongst
their networks. The value of visibility in a culture where attention is the
scarce resource is such that access is more important than ownership. We
will explore how new social contracts of ownership and control are gaining
traction in an age of hyper-connectivity.
4)  *Open Production:* As individuals and organizations have loosened their
grasp on their products, an entirely new form of production has emerged.  In
contrast to the industrial production models of the 20th century, today,
people are leveraging commonly-held platforms like open source software,
Wikipedia, and Creative Commons, and a myriad of free web 2.0 tools to
produce significant value. The ubiquity of personal computing has lowered
the cost of access to the means of production to nearly zero. We will
explore the success and future possibilities of this new mode of production.
5)  *Motivation: * With new modes of production come new incentives for
participation and value creation.  Since both monetary reward and power over
others are largely non-existent in the open production model, motivation has
shifted from extrinsic to intrinsic.  What?s more, as Daniel Pink points out
in his book *Drive*, intrinsic motivation is far more successful at educing
creative problem solving in individuals.  We will explore this new
motivational landscape and find out exactly why people do contribute at such
large scales to Wikipedia and other such projects.
6)  *Post-Scarcity Economics:*  In the old economy, the surest way to profit
was to control a scarce resource.  However, many of the products of the
digital age are virtually free to reproduce and distribute.  Industries such
as newspapers and music have been slow to embrace this new reality, and have
subsequently fallen into decline.  The Industrial economy was based on the
increased throughput of material goods, and since natural resources are now
increasingly scarce, for the next economy to enjoy sustained prosperity, it
must be driven by abundantly available resources such as information,
knowledge, and human creativity.
7)  *The Future Work: *Our new communications tools have also changed the
way we organize at the workplace.  The rise of co-working environments such
as The Hub has brought into question whether the 20th century conception of
employment is still a necessary foundation to the economy.  Agile developer
teams that spontaneously arise to build software have proven that successful
teamwork no longer depends on an employer.  We will explore this shifting
landscape around how networks enable self-organized teams create value.
8)  *Social Gaming:*  The recent explosion of smart phone technology has
also seen an widespread integration of gaming into everyday life.  Services
such as Foursquare, SCVNGR, and CheckPoints, have provided windows into new
ways of coordinating economic activity, supporting consumer preferences in
the process. Thought leaders such as Jane McGonigal and Jessie Schell have
emphasized the potential of using game dynamics for social benefit.  Game
theory provides a deeper look into how value can be created via
self-organizing networks of players driven by the joy of play.
9)  *Collaborative Consumption:* In addition to new modes of production
emerging in the economy, we are also seeing the rise of new forms of
consumption.  Rachel Botsman and Lisa Gansky have outlined how new business
models are using web, mobile and social media to enable the efficient
sharing of physical goods, where access trumps ownership. We will explore
how this new trend in consumption is affecting the broader economic
10)         *Making and Growing:* New economic patterns of the information
age are no longer limited to the Internet as the rise of maker communities
and DIY (Do-It-Yourself) demonstrates. 3D printing has made decentralized
manufacturing a real possibility, with designs shared in a global knowledge
commons.  On the agricultural side, gardening and local food has surged in
popularity as the economy continues to languish.  We will explore how people
are using peer-based, open, and collaborative approaches in the broader
economy beyond the digital realm.
11)         *The Future of Currency: *As our economy transforms,
conventional forms of money ?optimized for an industrial, capital-intensive
model- may no longer serve the needs of an information-rich world. Money
itself is merely a form of information, and we?ve begun to see people adding
virtual and social currencies into their business models to drive
participation, measure reputation, and creatively access resources.  Much of
the new economy is outside of the formal market entirely, which begs the
question of whether new forms of currency may out-compete money itself as an
economic coordinating system.  We will explore how 21st century information
systems are beginning to reduce the need for conventional money to get
things done.
12) *Collective Intelligence: *As our civilization goes through this massive
transformation, there is a clear need for the intelligence of organizations
to rise to meet 21st century challenges.  Where the 20th century was about
smart employees, the 21st century will be about creating smart
organizations. We will uncover some of the most promising work being done to
maximize collective intelligence and wisdom.

@_date: 2010-11-29 11:55:21
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Thanks for this thread.
I am sometimes also faced to these questions in relation to the networks of
people / activists I m in touch with.
Another big question I face recently, is that of "non-violence".
To one extreme, for some people I know, the fact of using "law" ( to defend
our intentions ) is already perceived as "using violence".
I can agree with them with the idea that "law" may be used as a violent act,
especially when it can not be convened through non-violent communication,
but has to be enforced through a court, and structures able to "impose"
I personally prefer a non-violent approach, and try to learn to apply it in
Hence using law, even to "defend" oneself, may be seen as a way to
"legitimize" certain structures of coercion ?
Some people I talked to also consider legitimizing "money" by using it also
as a way to contribute to violence...
I tent to reply that I have been living in a situation without money too,
but that in such situation there is another form of violence to oneself
within certain societies : the violence of not having as easily access to
inter-dependencies.  I argue that money can , from a certain point of view,
be seen as an information system enabling inter-dependencies, even through
the current money information system creates artificial scarcity and
increases inequalities while requiring exponential growth.
For each of these questions, I realize that I may personally want to use
money to empower an alternative inter-dependency information system.
Can the same be said what concerns the use of law ? Using law to enable a
different form of non violent interdependencies ?
Also seems to be a balance to find between "the moment", and "the desired
"Be the change you want to see in the world"  ...
... not always so obvious ?

@_date: 2010-10-04 19:14:42
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Video : Cradle to Cradle Design 
Interesting presentation related to "Cradle to Cradle"
a few related links :
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hi dante!
ever heard about it?? C to C...
there is a good lecture:
you can also look shorter videos (also from Michael Braungart) to get a
first impression.
feel free, to spread the word.

@_date: 2010-10-14 10:25:30
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] towards hybrid p2p brother monks and sisters 
*Could the existing monasteries and friar / mendicant orders ,*
religious and non religious ,
*be an interesting ground for collaboration in a network of p2p commons
oriented phyles ?*
Any Open Source Ecology projects in Monasteries / Ashram's ?
Have questions and parallels regarding commons and "peer property" been made
with monasteries ? Under what legal framework of property ownership do
various monasteries belong ?  Monasteries as Phyles ?
Thanks :)
some more links :
*The **mendicant orders** are **religious
* which depend directly on the
* of the people for their livelihood. In principle, they do not own **
property* *, either individually or
collectively (see **corporate
*), believing that this was the most pure way of life to copy followed
by **Jesus
Christ* *, in order that all
their time and energy could be expended on religious work.*
*excerpt : *
*" We engage in what we call neo-subsistence, or technologically advanced
subsistence that blends ancient wisdom and new technology to provide a high
quality of life. The lifestyle includes meaningful work, service to the
greater global community, and leisure to pursue one's true interests. "*
*"they are not companies linked to a community, but transnational
communities that have acquired enterprises in order to gain continuity in
time and robustness"*
ps: sorry for the english spelling mistake in the title - I meant "Nun's"

@_date: 2010-10-14 12:07:33
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Visiter les comites "Dante" de par le monde ? 
oh... Michel, you fwd it to the list ! :))
ps : initially shared it as a play on my name / "person" and the parallels
between the identification of its activities and situation :)
but indeed, together with other cultural loosly networked organizations
based on language , an interesting movement.
yet another "variable" to include in a "phyles" build up ? ... "Language" :)
2010/10/14 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-10-14 12:19:20
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Visiter les comites "Dante" de par le monde 
oops, not exactly as phyles... just as a ( probably common sense ) factor
for p2p community exchanges... which have an impact in our attempt to build
phyles... and following a parallel I saw between that organization promoting
italian ( its local self organization , its initial financial difficulties,
... )  and my own personal history, purposely confusing them as a common tag
but anyway... I understand it may get mixed up midst potential torrents of
information... or perhaps you saw something I did not see.
2010/10/14 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-09-28 19:52:17
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "complementary currency magazine" : relaunch ? 
in relation to "complementary currency magazine"
*" working to relaunch the magazine as a community-created publication.*
*That means designing processes to support many contributors, and reaching
out to volunteers.
What we need most of all is Adobe InDesign skills.
But we are also looking for networkers who can source and enter suitable
Also advertisers!
Please contact **matslats at gmail.com* * if you want to
get involved for a few months. "*
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Thanks Dante,
(hello Thomas and Michael)
In terms of publicity, here's what you can say
Tom, there's a column for you if you want it - I particularly want to show
the innovation going on rather than just reporting on new Ithaca clones
Eventually this project will run itself or be handed over to someone more
Thanks for sharing this with your networks.

@_date: 2010-09-29 16:13:17
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] collective intelligence through gaming 
Thanks Michel.
in addition to the paper " A Case Study in Collective Intelligence Gaming "
you point at,
Did you / "we" also see another article by Jane McGonigal
"The Engagement Economy." Technology Horizons for The Institute for the
Future. 2009.
In the economy of engagement, it is less and less important to compete for
attention, and more and more important to compete for things like brain
cycles and interactive bandwidth. Crowd-dependent projects must capture the
mental energy and the active effort it takes to make individual
contributions to a larger whole.
But how, exactly, do you turn attention into engagement? How do you convert
a member of the crowd into a member of your team? To answer these questions,
innovative organizations will have to grapple with the new challenge of
harnessing "participation bandwidth." To do so, they may start to take their
cues not from the world of business, but rather from the world of play. Game
designers, virtual world builders, social media developers, and other
"funware" creators have the potential to offer essential design strategies
and economic theories for otherwise "serious" initiatives. Read this
article. direct pdf link :

@_date: 2011-01-04 14:37:52
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Digital Currencies as "Pervasive Computing" ? Fwd: 
conjunction with Pervasive 2011)
Below, a message for a workshop on " Intelligibility and Control in
Pervasive Computing " in San Francisco.
I personally also see ( complementary - digital ) currencies ( which could
be integrated into semantic web vocabularies ? ) as some form of "Pervasive
If anyone of you is interested in collaborating on a contribution with such
angle, I am interested :)
* " Ubiquitous computing
(ubicomp) is a post-desktop model of human-computer
 in which information processing has been thoroughly integrated into
everyday objects and activities. In the course of ordinary activities,
someone "using" ubiquitous  computing
engages many computational devices and systems simultaneously, and may not
necessarily even be aware that they are doing so. "*
although the focus of the conference may be different then my own
interpretation ... ?
The list from which I received it is related to this projects and research
platform :
---------- Forwarded message ----------
CALL FOR PAPERS (with apologies for cross-posting)
**** Please distribute ****
Pervasive Intelligibility: Workshop on Intelligibility and Control in
Pervasive Computing -- Call for Papers
San Francisco, CA, USA in conjunction with Pervasive 2011
*Important Dates*
Due to the proactive and complex dynamics of pervasive computing
applications, it is important that systems are intelligible (also
called scrutable) to allow end-users to understand "what the systems
know, how they know it, and what they are doing". Furthermore, these
systems should put end-users at the center of control by empowering
them to better co-ordinate, control, and personalize pervasive
systems. Intelligibility and control are crucial to improve the
usability of these novel, and possibly unintuitive, systems and to
help users understand, appreciate, trust, and ultimately adopt them.
With this workshop, we seek to provide a forum for exchanging design
principles, programming techniques, toolkits and insights derived from
real world studies towards building intelligible and user-controllable
pervasive computing systems. Drawing upon the state-of-the-art, our
goal is to refine existing and identify new directions for research in
intelligibility and control for pervasive computing that will foster
further work in the community.
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:
   * Novel applications in pervasive computing highlighting
     intelligibility and/or user-driven control.
   * Programming techniques (e.g., design patterns, models),
     algorithms, architectures and toolkits to support
     intelligibility and/or control.
   * Interaction techniques and user interfaces to support
     intelligibility and/or control, including information
     visualization techniques to help users better interpret
     explanations from pervasive computing applications.
   * User studies exploring design principles to build intelligible
     pervasive systems.
   * Intelligible smart objects.
   * Evaluation metrics and methods to assess support for
     intelligibility and control in pervasive computing systems.
There will be two separate categories for submission:
* Research Contributions should introduce novel concepts and present new
 insights and must not exceed 6 pages (ACM Format).
* Position Statements may be up to 2 pages (ACM Format). They should
 outline a person's interest and experience in topic of the workshop.
Authors are encouraged to submit to both categories, if considered
appropriate.  Supplementary material (e.g., videos) can be submitted
as well and will be made available on the workshop website before the
start of the workshop.
Accepted papers will be published online on the workshop website and
will be included in the electronic conference proceedings. In
addition, authors of selected submissions will be invited to submit
extended versions to a special issue of a journal or possibly an
edited book.
Contributions must be submitted through the EasyChair submission
system no later than February 4, 2011, and should be in PDF
format. More details can be found on the workshop website. If you have
any further questions, we encourage you to contact the organizers at
*Organizing Committee*
Margaret Burnett (Oregon State University, USA)
Karin Coninx     (Hasselt University, Belgium)
Jo?lle Coutaz    (University of Grenoble, France)
Anind Dey        (Carnegie Mellon University, USA)
Keith Edwards    (Georgia Institute of Technology, USA)
Hans Gellersen   (Lancaster University, UK)
Judy Kay         (University of Sydney, Australia)
Kris Luyten      (Hasselt University, Belgium)
Tatsuo Nakajima  (Waseda University, Japan)
Mark W. Newman   (University of Michigan, USA)
Antti Oulasvirta (Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Finland)
Aaron Quigley    (University of St. Andrews, UK)
Alireza Sahami   (University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany)
Albrecht Schmidt (University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany)
Hide Tokuda      (Keio University, Japan)
Urbanscreens-l mailing list
Urbanscreens-l at listcultures.org
Infos and (un)subscription:
