
@_date: 2009-10-27 08:53:05
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Responsible Lending 
Interesting links to a report from "Build a better Bank" ( BUBEBA
 ,
and also a musing from  Karl
 ,
following Alain 's (
 ) postings on fb.
Thanks to Carolyn for forwarding it to me !
Links :
also copy/pasted Karl Denninger's post in English below,
starting with Alain's facebook comments in French...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Through my connections on facebook... I came across this today... thought it
might interest you...
I have reason to suspect that the "monetary transmission mechanism" is full
of rocks (again), and we are about to have another instance of what could
colloquially be called "fun." (Yes, that's sarcasm.)
 2 hours ago
 ? Comment ? Like  ?
 [image: Alain Hemelinckx] Alain Hemelinckx Bonjour Pascal. l'explication des b?n?fices plantureux est la suivante. Tu
es une banque et tu prends quelques milliards de dettes de credit subprimes
? ton passif. Que fais tu ? tu coupes ta banque en deux. Dans l'une tu
places (ou plut?t tu entereeses) tous les milliards de produits toxiques. Et
avec l'autre, expurg?e de tous le sproduits toxiques, tu communiques sur tes
resultats de revenus redevenus plantureux. ( cfr citigroup et citi holdings,
fortis et fortis holiding ). Apr?s (et c'est l? que c'est malheureux voire
criminel ) la banque oublie qu'elle n'a du son salut qu'? ce tour de passe
passe et continue ses activit?s "toxiques"...c'est la raison pour laquelle
j'interviens , ici mon intervention ? la Commission europ?enne sur la
directive finance responsable
epad.com/files/responsible-lending-consultation-v4.doc (mon introduction
explique le contexte)
17 minutes ago
Friday, October 23. 2009
Posted by Karl Denninger
 in Musings I have reason to suspect that the "monetary transmission mechanism" is full
of rocks (again), and we are about to have another instance of what could
colloquially be called "fun." (Yes, that's sarcasm.)
Here's what we know and what I can deduce from it:
   - JP Morgan's "cash
   analyzed by a writer who published on SCRIBD, which showed that *actual
   cash held* has deteriorated radically.  By more than half in the last
   year.  The deterioration is continuing, not slowing.
   - I am hearing *repeated* anecdotes from multiple areas that foreclosed
   property held by banks with multiple full-price offers *that include a
   financing requirement* are being sold instead to people with *actual cash
   * at radical reductions from that price.  *This implies that these
   financing contingencies are regarded as not only potentially no good but
   factually no good, as if the banks know for a fact that the credit
   pipeline will (not might), within weeks or months (in the time required
   to close), disappear.  There is no other rational explanation for this
   behavior.
   *
   - Citibank's credit-card terms change implies a willingness to accept and
   even provoke *a complete and intentional destruction of their credit card
   business* as a very high probability outcome, given that nobody in their
   right mind will accept a 30% interest rate who has an alternative.  The
   obvious implication is that only those who can't transfer balances out will
   remain and if your credit is *that* impaired there's a good chance you
   will default - either intentionally or otherwise.  *This too implies
   foreknowledge of a near-complete impending freeze in the credit markets.
   *
   - *The change in terms on credit accounts is NOT confined to Citibank.*
   I have received a fax from a customer of Infibank *with substantially
   identical terms*, in which both the standard *and penalty rate* was
   adjusted to 29.99%.  This strongly implies that whatever Citibank smells
   *the problem is not confined to them.
   *
   - Both of these credit card "adjustment" letters are of course *marginal
   rate* changes.  That is, they are both based off the PRIME rate.  The
   importance of that is missed by many.  Don't be one of them (more on that
   below.)
   - I recently received a back channel communication indicating that *The
   Fed is aware that this has been and still is a solvency problem and has
   so briefed certain members of Congress*.  This from a source believed
   reliable, but which cannot be independently confirmed.
This data is *not* conclusive.  But - if you are dependent on credit access
and these anecdotes are in fact indicative of *actual knowledge* of an
impending lock-up *you are at grave financial risk.*
Note that "margin" type rates that are based on the PRIME rate could hurt
you far worse than you believe.  With PRIME at historic lows should any such
dislocation spike the prime rate your interest rate could go *much* higher
with little or no notice or ability to do anything about it.
*IF* this is going to manifest as a dislocation of some sort it will
probably occur within the normal closing window for real estate
transactions, since the anecdotes related to that have the best-defined
"reach", and the discounts being accepted to avoid this risk are massive to
the point of denoting near-certainty of this event in the minds of the
market participants who are electing to accept these cash-discounted offers.
Therefore, *if you are dependent on such credit access* I would
take immediate action to do whatever is necessary to mitigate, to the extent
you are able, the consequences of such a dislocation.
*Consider how you survive returning to what essentially amounts to a cash
economic posture in your business and personal life.*
Note that the indications above are *far stronger* than what we saw going
into last fall before the wheels came off.  As a consequence if these
actions are those of people with real knowledge (and this is not a guess on
their part) I would expect the outcome to be *worse* than what we saw last
fall in terms of economic impact.
Those who are short dollars (synthetically or in the actual market) need to
beware - if I am reading this correctly you're about to get a really ugly
If you want to *speculate* on this outcome levered bets on radical dollar
appreciation look like one of the best choices out there, followed closely
by bearish levered bets on commodities.  *I would not consider such a
speculative play that is not characterized by defined risk*, as this
analysis is based on nothing more than observation of behavior by market
participants that all point toward *their* foreknowledge of an event that
might happen in the reasonably-near future and is not, at present, backed up
with actual significant credit-spread widening or other objective criteria.
*Disclosure: Initiated a small speculative, defined-risk play LONG the US
Dollar (UUP CALL options for March 2010)*

@_date: 2010-12-09 02:00:20
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: WikiLeaks: Stop the crackdown 
Dear friends,
 The
chilling intimidation campaign against WikiLeaks (when they have broken no
laws) is *an attack on freedom of the press and democracy.* We urgently need
a massive public outcry to *stop the crackdown -- let's get to 1 million
voices* and take out full page ads in US newspapers this week!
[image: Sign the
The *massive campaign of intimidation* against WikiLeaks is sending a chill
through free press advocates everywhere.
*Legal experts say WikiLeaks has likely broken no laws. Yet top US
politicians have called it a terrorist group and commentators have urged
assassination* of its staff. The organization has come under massive
government and corporate attack, but WikiLeaks is only publishing
information provided by a whistleblower. And *it has partnered with the
world's leading newspapers (NYT, Guardian, Spiegel etc)* to carefully vet
the information it publishes.
*The massive extra-judicial intimidation of WikiLeaks is an attack on
democracy.* We urgently need a public outcry for freedom of the press and
expression. *Sign the petition to stop the crackdown and forward this email
to everyone* -- let's get to 1 million voices and take out full page ads in
US newspapers this week!
*WikiLeaks isn't acting alone* -- it's partnered with the top newspapers in
the world (New York Times, The Guardian, Der Spiegel, etc) to carefully
review 250,000 US diplomatic cables and remove any information that it is
irresponsible to publish. *Only 800 cables have been published so far.* Past
WikiLeaks publications have exposed government-backed torture, the murder of
innocent civilians in Iraq and Afghanistan, and corporate corruption.
The US government is currently pursuing all legal avenues to stop WikiLeaks
from publishing more cables, but *the laws of democracies protect freedom of
the press.* The US and other governments may not like the laws that protect
our freedom of expression, but that's exactly why it's so important that we
have them, and why only a democratic process can change them.
*Reasonable people can disagree* on whether WikiLeaks and the leading
newspapers it's partnered with are releasing more information than the
public should see. Whether the releases undermine diplomatic confidentiality
and whether that's a good thing. Whether WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange
has the personal character of a hero or a villain. *But none of this
justifies a vicious campaign of intimidation to silence a legal media outlet
* by governments and corporations. Click below to join the call to stop the
Ever wonder why the media so rarely gives the full story of what happens
behind the scenes? This is why - because when they do, governments can be
vicious in their response. And when that happens, *it's up to the public to
stand up for our democratic rights to a free press and freedom of
expression. Never has there been a more vital time for us to do so.*
With hope,
Ricken, Emma, Alex, Alice, Maria Paz and the rest of the Avaaz team.
Law experts say WikiLeaks in the clear (ABC)
WikiLeaks are a bunch of terrorists, says leading U.S. congressman (Mail
Cyber guerrillas can help US (Financial Times)
Amazon drops WikiLeaks under political pressure (Yahoo)
"WikiLeaks avenged by hacktivists" (PC World):
US Gov shows true control over Internet with WikiLeaks containment
US embassy cables culprit should be executed, says Mike Huckabee (The
WikiLeaks ditched by MasterCard, Visa. Who's next? (The Christian Science
Assange's Interpol Warrant Is for Having Sex Without a Condom (The Slatest)
*Support the Avaaz community!* We're entirely funded by donations and
receive no money from governments or corporations. Our dedicated team
ensures even the smallest contributions go a long way -- donate
 *
Avaaz.org is a 6.4-million-person global campaign network* that works to
ensure that the views and values of the world's people shape global
decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz
members live in every nation of the world; our team is spread across 13
countries on 4 continents and operates in 14 languages. Learn about some of
Avaaz's biggest campaigns here ,
or follow us on Facebook  or
To contact Avaaz, please *do not reply to this email.* Instead, write to us
at   or call
us at +1-888-922-8229 (US).

@_date: 2010-01-19 14:31:10
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?articles_=3A_=22Google_=91Concern?= 
"* Berlusconi?s government passed rules on Dec. 17 that will become law on
Jan. 27, unless opposition parties succeed in blocking the measures in an
administrative court. They would give Italy?s communications regulator
oversight  of Web sites that stream videos on a daily
basis, including Internet Protocol Television and Mobile TV. *"
In this French article
they also mention that Berlusconi's Government replies to critics ( of the
new censorship law ) that "it is *merely applying a **European directive on
product placement*"
two articles around this topic in english
*"Italy contemplates Web restrictions after Berlusconi attack"
*" Angelo Bonelli, the head of the Green Party, said Wednesday his
supporters would be staging a protest in front of parliament Thursday,
despite a banning order from Rome's police chief. "We will protest anyway,
peacefully and civilly, because what is happening to Internet and to WebTVs
is an authoritarian crackdown unworthy of a democratic country," Bonelli
said. "*
*"Google ?Concerned? About Berlusconi?s Web TV Rules*"
large excerpt :
*Jan. 15 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc. is ?concerned? that Italian Prime
Minister Silvio
plan to regulate Web TV is aimed at limiting access to its
YouTubesite and will put pressure on Internet
service providers to police content.
*Berlusconi?s government passed rules on Dec. 17 that will become law on
Jan. 27, unless opposition parties succeed in blocking the measures in an
administrative court. They would give Italy?s communications regulator
oversight  of Web sites that stream videos on a daily
basis, including Internet Protocol Television and Mobile TV. *
*?There?s a little concern,? Marco
Google?s European Public Policy Counsel, said in an interview. ?It tries to
give Internet service providers the same responsibilities as television
networks, which manage content, while YouTube only makes its platform
available? to the general public, he said. *
*Berlusconi, 73, is the country?s biggest media owner and controls Mediaset
SpA, the largest private TV broadcaster. Mediaset is suing Google?s YouTube
for copyright infringement and 500 million euros ($724 million) in damages.
Opposition parties criticized the measures yesterday and appealed to an
administrative court to stop them from being applied. *
*The regulations would give the Italian regulator the power to order
Internet providers, including Tiscali
Fastweb SpA , Telecom
Italia SpA  and the
local unit of Vodafone Group
to remove content that the watchdog says infringes copyright law or face a
fine of as much as 150,000 euros, according to a copy of the 33-page
directive. *
*?Radical Reform? *
*?It?s like holding the company that maintains the highways responsible for
what the drivers do,? Dario
head of the Italian Association of Internet Providers, said in an interview.
?It doesn?t make sense.?...*
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Censure : les webTV en Italie, c'est fini via Betapolitique le 17/01/10
La vid?o en ligne en Italie, c'est fini. D?sormais, il faudra obtenir
une autorisation pr?alable, sous forme de licence, aupr?s du minist?re
des communications Italien.
L'opposition locale a eu beau s'opposer de toutes ses forces, le
gouvernement de Berlusconi, connu pour son int?grit? et son respect du
droit, s'est content? de dire qu'il ne faisait qu'appliquer une
directive europ?enne sur le placement de produit. On imagine la t?te de
Margot Wallstr?m, la commissaire Europ?enne charg? de la communication,
?galement vice pr?sidente de la Commission Europ?enne, d'origine
Su?doise, connue pour avoir une toute autre vision de la libert?
Jeudi l'opposition Italienne a tenu une conf?rence de presse pour
signifier son m?contentement, et expliquer en quoi cette nouvelle loi
?tait selon eux une atteinte ? la libert? d'expression.
?La loi assujetti la retransmission d'images sur le web aux m?mes
r?gles caract?ristiques de la t?l?vision, qui requi?rent une
autorisation pr?alable ? toute diffusion par le minist?re de la
communication, c'est une limitation incroyable de la fa?on dont
l'internet fonctionne jusqu'ici? a rappel? Paolo Gentiloni, membre de
L'article 4 de la loi,qui entrera en vigueur ? la fin du mois, pr?cise
que ?la diffusion et la distribution sur internet d'images anim?es,
accompagn?es ou non de son? n?cessitera d?sormais une autorisation
minist?rielle, mettant tout internaute diffusant une vid?o sur un site
comme YouTube ou Dailymotion dans les m?mes obligations r?glementaires
que la RAI. On imagine la quantit? de paperasse administrative ?
remplir avant d'obtenir un tel s?same.
De nombreuses organisations ont condamn? cette loi : Articolo 21, qui
d?fend la libert? d'expression garantie dans l'article 21 de la
constitution Italienne, d?clare que ?ces mesures ressemblent ? une
tentative d'un gouvernement pr?c?dent [d?j? sous Berlusconi], qui avait
tent? d'imposer aux bloggeurs les m?mes obligations et responsabilit?s
que les journaux?. Dans un appel lanc? vendredi dernier, Articolo 21
affirme que ?ces restrictions emp?cheront le t?moignage de la vie des
Italiens sous forme d'images anim?es sur internet?.
Nicolas D'Angelo, l'un des commissaires de l'autorit? des
communications, appel?e ? jouer un r?le dans la police des droits
d'auteurs ? travers cette nouvelle l?gislation, a d?clar? ? la radio
durant une interview que cette loi ?tait contraire ? l'esprit de la
directive Europ?enne qu'elle est cens?e d?cliner dans la l?gislation
locale. Il a ajout? que l'Italie devenait ?le seul pays occidental dans
lequel une autorisation gouvernementale pr?alable serait n?cessaire
avant d'utiliser ce genre de service?, ajoutant que ?cet aspect fait
planer un risque pour la d?mocratie, quelque soit la personne au
D'autres critiquent la loi comme ?tant le r?sultat d'un conflit
d'int?r?ts entre Silvio Berlusconi, qui exerce un contr?le politique
sur les cha?nes de t?l?vision nationales en tant que premier ministre,
et qui est ?galement l'actionnaire principal du plus grand r?seau de
t?l?vision du pays, Mediaset.
Sous cette nouvelle l?gislation, les internautes ne pourront plus
partager des clips extraits d'emissions de t?l?vision, faisant ainsi
table rase de la concurrence ? l'heure o? Mediaset s'appr?te ?
inverstir la t?l?vision sur IP. Alessandro Gilioli, un blogeur bien
connu en Italie, a ?crit que cette loi n'avait pour seul but que celui
d'?craser la concurrence des webTV ind?pendantes, tant que celles-ci
sont encore embryonnaires. ?C'est la m?thode Berlusconi?, commente-il,
?Tuez vos ennemis tant qu'il sont petits?, ?Voil? pourquoi tous ceux
qui font des webTV, m?me dans leur garage, doivent obtenir une
autorisation gouvernementale et franchir une multitude de barrages
De son cot?, Paolo Romani, le rapporteur de la loi, insiste sur le fait
que ? cette loi n'est que l'application d'une directive Europ?enne?.
La fin d'une ?poque
Tout comme en Italie, les webTV ind?pendantes sont encore dans leur
petite enfance en France, leurs moyens tr?s r?duits font que tr?s peu
d'entre elles disposent de leurs propre CDN [syst?me de diffusion] et
reposent sur YouTube ou des services similaires, r?duisant d'autant
leur ind?pendance.
La plupart d'entre elles vont disparaitre sous peu, car il va leur
falloir trouver tr?s rapidement d'importantes ressources financi?res
pour survivre et franchir ne serait-ce que le cap des formalit?s
administratives ? remplir.
La similarit? des situations m?diatiques Fran?aise et Italienne laisse
pr?sager qu'une telle loi arrivera t?t ou tard en France, probablement,
comme cela a d?j? ?t? ?voqu? par de nombreux politiciens, par le biais
d'un contr?le du CSA sur la vid?o sur internet.
C'est tout l'?cosyst?me des webTV qui en sera affect?, car bien peu
d'entre elles survivront, sans m?me parler d'une h?catombe dans les
clips issus d'?missions qui font la joie des internautes sur YouTube.
Une occasion de regarder une derni?re fois ce clip, extrait d'un
reportage de Canal+ de 2006, qui ?claire les dessous de tout ce qui
arrive aujourd'hui sur le net Fran?ais et Europ?en. Profitez-en, et
faites en une copie en local, car sous peu, ce genre de choses sera
tout simplement censur?.
*Erminio Modesti*
Avenue Victor Rousseau 100/1
1190 Bruxelles
T?l : +32 2 256 20 43
GSM : +32 476 54 65 85

@_date: 2010-01-19 14:56:19
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
note : the article in french also sets forward similar trends in preparation
by certain politicians in france , which tend towards limiting the freedom
of expression on the internet, using video.
see for example these videos with french undertitles ( we can still watch
them... for now ) , about an influent lobbyist and deputy close to the
french president called *Fr?d?ric Lefebvre ( *
 )
2010/1/19 Dante-Gabryell Monson

@_date: 2010-07-19 14:22:45
@_author: Dante-Gabryell Monson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mesh - Not for profit Cooperative + "Megabytes" 
Hi Alex,
thanks for your 11 points reply.
 sounds like a nice model.
I wonder if the first step could be to
- evaluate the costs of setting up a few nodes/routers in a limited area -
without necessarily connecting them to the internet.
- making it possible to anyone finding such nodes,
to download a software from these nodes on their devices ( options for
various OS ),
1) enable their laptop/phone to be a participating node in the mesh when
they choose to
2) giving them the option of sharing their internet, directly through the
wifi connection of their laptop/phone/...
- I do not know *if such software already exists* -
a later stage potentially being for people to modify the protocols of their
routers, or buy routers that are compliant with one/several communication
protocols ?
for hardware , software, prices and protocols used,
openmesh hardware sounds nice.
its nice to see *what is already available out of the box, and at what price
i do like the idea of being able to update and add multiple protocols, even
at a distance. ( although cracking concerns may be taken into account )
i also like the potential of using "batman" and "robin"
i guess all this is possible providing the expertise.
*if cash is not involved* in exchange for internet data currency,
the question for me becomes : *how to self-finance some of the ( purchase of
) nodes* needed to keep a minimum permanent presence, especially in areas
where there are few participants, as to bridge zones with different levels
of mesh density ?
even if it is a not for profit approach - which could partner with existing
not for profit mesh projects.
Forwarded conversation
Hi Alex,
Caroline, Sepp, Meinhard, Gael
I ( we**? ) want to set up a Mesh Cooperative.
I created an entry on
In addition to the set up and interoperability of the communication
it can use an "alternative currency" for accessing the internet. ( its units
Ideally it creates partnerships between all participants, credits earned by
the network preferably reinvested into valorizing the network while
promoting open source hardware.
*It works like this :*
People use their wifi router ( check hardware + software, and
interoperability ),
their wifi enabled pc or laptop, or their wifi enabled mobile phones,
to enable ad hoc networking,
becoming relay's.
As they participate in the network, they have access to the network.
As they provide bandwidth to the local network, they have access to
bandwidth in the local network BUT they give a certain percentage more of
what they receive to the network,
which makes it possible to the network to "sell" credits to non contributing
people wanting to access the internet.
Thats the business model.
The extra cash is being spent in a not for profit to promote the network,
create partnerships ( with national libraries, universities, schools,
businesses )
increase its usership,
and set up critical nodes in places where the density of existing users is
not high enough.
It can be a combination of MANET ( Mobile Ad Hoc Networks ) and Fixed
Two existing , different projects :
Mesh Networking :
Also see some of the posts on
including Sepp's post
More links :
and related
**Its an old idea I have been thinking about since I interacted with
reseaucitoyen.be some 8 years ago,
and set up back to date through interacting with Gael.
An wxcellent example of all the concepts we have been discussing.  I will
review your links.
I deployed a Meraki mesh net in the early days of the product.  It was not
easy and that was with a simple protocol ( ie sans currency.)  i hope
research will tell me the situation has improved.
Indeed the mesh net entry on the p2p wiki referenced a lean network,
g-something, that looked quite on top of things.
oh cool !
I guess you mean... hmm... scanning through the following pages... ( see
below )
and updated the wiki page :
   - Mesh Networks    ... ogy' of the network. There are a number of routing protocols which
   support meshnetworking amongst which [[OLSR]] is one of the most advanced
   and most wid ... ... nections. It is the lack of a hub-and-spoke structure
   that distinguishes a meshnetwork. Meshes do not need designated routers:
   instead, nodes serve as ro ...
   15 KB (2345 words) - 08:04, 13 May 2009
   - Wireless Mesh Networks    '''Wireless Mesh Networks''', '''Wireless mesh networking is mesh networking
   implemented over a Wireless LAN.'''
   5 KB (812 words) - 11:06, 10 March 2008
   - Wi-Mesh Alliance    '''Wi-Mesh Alliance''' URL =    654 B (95 words) - 09:52, 26 May 2006
   - Marc Canter on Mesh Networks for
   '''Title: Mesh-Up: Connecting Conent to People''' Written summary at
      415 B (56 words) - 08:49, 25 August 2006
   - P2P Mesh Networks    ... device to their in home network connection that offers free access to
   the meshnetwork and simultaneously extends the network. Not all
   participants choo ...
   1 KB (180 words) - 23:00, 8 July 2010
   - Open Mesh    ... rk Canter has an extensive investigation of what we need to build the
   open mesh: 1) [
      Layer One], [[Identity]], [[Data Portability ...
   10 KB (1526 words) - 04:19, 17 August 2008
   - Meraki Mesh Networks    ... ipal wi-fi projects'''." [
    "In most
   mesh networks, all the nodes that receive a particular data packet
   8 KB (1288 words) - 20:03, 11 March 2008
   - Open Mesh Networks    ==Why Open Mesh Networks are beneficial== ... ion, expands the capacity
   of the network. This intelligence is the key to mesh networks? immense
   capacity.
   2 KB (336 words) - 12:51, 28 December 2007
   - Open Source Mesh    '''= community in favor of [[Open Source Mesh Networking]]''' ... rld now
   have a place to collaborate to create a suite of tools to liberate
Mesh networks
   from proprietary solutions and vendors who's business models focu ...
   1 KB (163 words) - 04:33, 17 August 2008
   - Open Source Mesh Networking     Source Mesh]]  Mesh Networks]]
   134 B (14 words) - 05:10, 2 February 2008
   - Open Mesh Routing Protocols    121 B (13 words) - 05:30, 2 February 2008
   - Marc Canter on the Structural Conditions for Building an Open
   ... rk Canter has an extensive investigation of what we need to build the
   open mesh: 1) [
      Layer One], [[Identity]], [[Data Portability ...
   6 KB (933 words) - 05:39, 8 July 2008
   - World Wide Mesh    ... o each other via the Internet these meshes come together in one
   world-widemesh. ... m the network-centric model to the peer-to-peer
   model, enabled by wireless mesh technology."
   603 B (77 words) - 02:37, 17 February 2010
   - Mesh Potato    URL =  ... a
   marriage of a low-cost wireless access point ( AP) capable of running a
   mesh networking protocol with an Analog Telephony Adapter ( ATA).
   Wireless AP ...
   1 KB (142 words) - 15:55, 28 May 2010
Hi Dante,
this seems a good initiative, but I have one question: What is the selling
In other words, what does the currency you propose add to people's
willingness to network and to share.
In my view, many users would be happy to get into a sharing and networking
mode, but they aren't there yet. What they are missing is not so much an
incentive (a currency) but an opportunity. There is no easily available
hardware, and more often than not, there is no one to network with. So how
can that scarcity of opportunity be overcome?
Kind regards
p.s. added a cc to Michel, who would no doubt also be interested.
Thanks Sepp.
Good point.
Yes, I have been reading many of your posts on this subject, and I remember
we may have discussed the topic of meshed networks already.
The selling point I believe is not the currency per se,
but the possibility for people to access local and internet communication
beyond their own wifi access point, for no additional cost,
except for a configuration of their router, or wifi enabled mobile phone.
more precisely, it can offer them access to :
1) a distributed local mesh, which enables them to share files or *communicate
potentially *also through voice over ip, for free*.
note : As more and more people are likely to have wifi enabled phones,
and as such phones are more and more like little computers, I imagine they
themselves may become a manet ( mobile ) node in the mesh.
2) *have access to the internet in more places* in their neighbourhood and
 *if they themselves provide internet bandwidth to the mesh*
the currency in itself probably being only coming in third position,
as an additional option.
and a fourth , omportant one for me,
one may be a sense of increased local autonomy,
of a bound between people in your neighborhood that is not dependent on
companies anymore,
and potentially even of "identity" ... ? :-)
Hi Dante,
what you are saying is actually the business model of FON. You install one
of their low-cost wireless modems permitting other "foneros" who happen to
be close by, to use your connection via WiFi, and in exchange you get to use
the connections of others who also have installed a "la fonera" FON modem.
They are making those wireless modems available at a low price, but the
technology is not as advanced as it should be. The reach is definitely too
short to be really useful, and the FON wireless access points don't make a
network, they don't talk to each other. The model of FON is sharing your
connection and getting access in a similar way from others.
Meraki, I believe, is different, in that their modems actually do form an
ad-hoc network by talking to each other. They are also using cheap wireless
modems that extend, to some degree, the area of coverage of one or more
single "real" internet connections to a group of users. Meraki is
commercial, just like FON. They were trying to roll out a network over San
Francisco, but have scaled back their expectations, I believe. None of those
two have really had a great growth or a breakthrough.
There is also an open source Meraki, so to speak, which is, I believe,
called Open Mesh. If I remember correctly, they concentrate on B.A.T.M.A.N.
which is a routing protocol that allows mesh networks to form. They work by
changing the flash memory of certain compatible commercially available
The big problem, for now, seems to be the lack of a proper hardware platform
to base the network on, that is widely available. That would be the thing to
concentrate on. Meraki and FON have hardware, but their drawback is lack of
wide reach (WiFi goes only about 30 meters distance in good conditions, less
if you have walls to contend with), and the fact that they are commercial,
meaning they would like to have the whole world converge on themselves, and
it doesn't seem to work that way.
Until we have proper hardware to ensure connectivity, that is widely
available and that is open to be configured like we want, there is really no
way people will jump unto the mesh networking scene, if only because there
is a lack of opportunity, i.e. they don't know HOW to do it.
Kind regards
Exactly Sepp!
A mixture of meraki and fon approaches, although I Ideally imagine that
people could configure their own routers
(if they can add protocols , such as with a linksys router, or unless
partnerships are created with various existing internet providers who offer
a router with their service as to add a mesh protocol)
Or if they can add a module that easily turns their mobile phone or laptop
into a mobile relay node.
Easiest would be to start experimenting on university campuses, including by
enabling the meshed laptops and phones to share files ,potentially using
bittorrent over mesh? With a high density,I wonder if it reduces bottlenecks
and increases file sharing speeds? At the same time increasing the quality
of the reach of connectivity over a campus.
I guess this is where is connects with the one laptop per child project.
It could also be used by students to enable shared processing power of their
devices,over mesh,to support some of their projects. (especially for hungry
for processing tasks? Video editing? )
Eventually processing power over mesh could also warn credits?
Just brainstorming as I m walking back and writing on my phone...
What motivates me most,personally,is to have an.emergent autonomous local
mesh,which can guarantee autonomy of control from governments and internet
providers for local data exchanges,and serve as backbone for local
information systems that support local economics.
Perhaps there can be a mobile mesh protocol that can be proposed to run with
various mobile applications.
Perhaps that one way of doing it,in a granular and emergent way... ?
In that case,where does one start?
Using open hardware and old pc' to contribute to existing meshes, and find
existing tools to easily enable compatibility between Batman and mobile mesh
Using an easy to install module for android and iPhone's?
I guess its still a dream...
Perhaps the time is not ripe yet?
Still need to wait till 10 dollar open hardware ,with wifi and pre installed
(and configurable) open source software enabling mesh protocols?
Or is the current 30 to 50 dollar node making it viable in high density
areas,especially if some form of revenue can be created?
Just thinking loud up late at night ,after a small sip :)
Perhaps easiest to start by investing in our own mesh of routers... starting
with the meraki approach... building on existing communities of local mesh
Hi Dante,
Peer-To-Peer Research List A couple points:
   1. The connections to the internet are not *free* because "access points"
   are assumed to be connected to the www, which requires someone to pay.
   2. The currency might be great for enabling those who offer an "access
   point" credit for use on other "access points"
   3. Most "organized" mesh nets do not encourage a charge of any kind for
   roaming users.  Example:  .  This might just be
   a new class of networks, though.  See FreeTheNet below, which does charge as
   a cooperative.
   4. An alternative currency for access is great, and innovative, but
   exchanging that currency for "cash" may not be desirable as it is not
   standard procedure for mesh nets.  Good idea, though.  It needs to be a
   platform, though.  A platform should be usable, copyable, and extendable.
    Hypothetically, extensions should be usable by others on the platform
   copies.  Walk away complete is the tag line.
   5. Most protocols that happen over the internet can happen between
   machines and a configuration package for local services discovery could be
   very interesting.  Usually local networks are useless except for file
   sharing, and the services are less than ideal in many cases.
   6. The local package for service discovery could be handled/built in a
   way that was "network ambivalant", as a package that worked on the internet
   or a local network.  Example: keeping a list of media files you are looking
   for and using a collection of programs that search here or there to find you
   sources.
   7. OLPC already does mesh networking in a way significantly similar to
   what you describe  .  This
   is not typical for the configuration of wireless network cards in machines,
   though it is possible (for some part, at least)
   8. The Meraki company made a mistake and raised the price of their
   hardware so Open-Mesh took over the "higher purpose" of providing BATMAN and
   ROBIN pre-flashed nodes and extenders
   .  FreeTheNet uses Accton routers from OpenMesh, see below.
   9. Changing settings to allow and encourage local services discovery can
   be dangerous.  As a networking professional I will say that 95% of people
   are using default settings on their machine, and these make it almost
   impossible to easily discover local services with changing configurations,
   and that is potentially dangerous.  No more dangerous than using the
   internet, I suppose, but the exploits don't come through the browser,
   necessarily.  See the wifi iphone hack.  The issue is perhaps only different
   in that local network bandwidth is much higher, and so a hole in security
   can be exploited very quickly with big packages.
      10. You don't need to do anything new to accomplish your vision of
   extending the range of a local network across your city.  Just copy what
    is doing and use Open-Mesh routers.  It's
   getting easier, apparently.  I worked on  in 2007
   when it was just some guys hacking hardware and figuring out the business
   model.  It was a pain because the first Meraki products were just coming out
   and the team had to write and rewrite the code for the coordinated uplink,
   which allowed the routers to be flashed remotely.  Now it's a coop.  Yay!
    So you can copy them too!  Check out their bylaws here:
    FreeTheNet and Vonic use a custom DogOnRails
   app for network management, under development in a different form during my
   time.  This is for tracking memberships, I am sure, over the network and
   between access points.  It's also needed because the FreeTheNet model
   through Vonic calls for underwriting extending mesh deep into residential
   areas to supply home connections over a shared network.  A special purpose
   monitoring and optimization software is useful for that kind of thing.
   11. You won't escape governance and I don't know how to conceive of a
   local mesh in such a way.  It still uses hardware made by the machine, and
   it still has to connect to the www, at least for now, through ISP
   connections.  Someone has to pay for that.  Using local mesh for file
   traffic several limits what files are available.  It would take a small city
   to duplicate the power of a Google server farm used to cache partial copies
   of the internet, and that farm would be optimized for the task, unlike a
   city-res-mesh.
Peer-To-Peer Research List The simplest way I see this is to apply the couch surfing model to the
sharing of internet connections. Then there is maybe no need for a currency
and the risk of abuse can be reduced by mutual good practices as
participating members are equally vulnerable. In fact, my underlying concern
is to avoid being totally dependent on regular ISPs. The development of a
parallel mesh of interconnected mobile devices sounds more appealing. It
could be used at a city-level for file sharing, grid computing or as a place
where needs can match offers with the exchange of community currencies.
