
@_date: 2009-07-15 00:34:45
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free Culture Research Workshop 2009 
an interesting call. deadline is august, 9th
Call For Participation:
Free Culture Research Workshop 2009
Berkman Center for Internet & Society / Harvard University
(with additional support from the NEXA center at the Politecnico di  Torino and iCommons)

@_date: 2009-05-14 16:49:17
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Call for articles: deadline extended.  User-led, 
Call for articles: deadline extended
User-led, P2P Science - A special issue of JCOM, Journal of Science  Deadline: June 1st, 2009
Science is increasingly being produced, discussed and deliberated with  cooperative tools by web users and without the istitutionalized  presence of scientists. "Popular science" or "Citizen science" are two  of the traditional ways of defining science grassroots produced  outside the walls of laboratories. But the internet has changed the  way of collecting and organising the knowledge produced by people -  peers - who do not belong to the established scientific community. In  this issue we want to discuss:
- How web tools are changing and widening this way of participating in  the production of scientific knowledge. Do this increase in  participation consist in a real shift towards democratizing science or  on the contrary is merely a rhetoric which do not affect the  asymmetrical relationships between citizens and institutions?
- The ways in which both academic and private scientific institutions  are appropriating this knowledge and its value. Do we need a new model  to understand these ways of production and appropriation? Are they  part of a deeper change in productive paradigms?
We would like to collect both theoretical contributions and research  articles which address for example case studies in social media and  science, peer production, the role of private firms in exploiting web  arenas to collect scientific/medical data from their costumers, online  social movements challenging communication incumbents, web tools for  Interested authors should submit an extended abstract of no more than  500 words (in English) to the issue editor by June 1st, 2009. We will  select three to five papers for inclusion in this special issue.  Abstracts should be sent to the JCOM's editorial office  (jcom-eo at jcom.sissa.it) by email.
Please help us and spread this call in your mailing lists, blogs, websites.
The JCOM staff

@_date: 2009-11-03 16:24:59
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life scientists' information use - one size does not 
Below, an interesting report on the use of information technologies by  life scientists. As we could expect, top-down policy approaches don't  work, while people choose tools on a more community-based way.
I could write a post on this topic for the blog...
Life scientists? information use ? one size does not fit all
Report of research patterns in life sciences reveals that researcher
practices diverge from policies promoted by funders and information
service providers
A report by the British Library and the Research Information Network
(RIN) launched today provides unique insight into how information is
used by researchers across life sciences. Undertaken by the University
of Edinburgh?s Institute for the Study of Science, Technology and
Innovation, and the UK Digital Curation Centre and the University of
Edinburgh?s Information Services, the report concludes that
?one-size-fits-all? information and data sharing policies are not
achieving scientifically productive and cost-efficient information use
in life sciences.
The report, Patterns of Information Use and Exchange: Case Studies of
Researchers in Life Sciences was developed using an innovative
approach to capture the day-to-day patterns of information use in
seven research teams from a wide range of disciplines, from botany to
clinical neuroscience. The study undertaken over 11 months and
involving 56 participants found that there is a significant gap
between how researchers behave and the policies and strategies of
funders and service providers. This suggests that the attempts to
implement such strategies have had only a limited impact. ?Key
findings from the report include:
????????? Researchers use informal and trusted sources of advice from
colleagues, rather than institutional service teams, to help identify
information sources and resources
????????? The use of social networking tools for scientific research
purposes is far more limited than expected
????????? Data and information sharing activities are mainly driven by
needs and benefits perceived as most important by life scientists
rather than ?top-down? policies and strategies
????????? There are marked differences in the patterns of information
use and exchange between research groups active in different areas of
the life sciences, reinforcing the need to avoid standardised policy
The study used ground-breaking research methods to map information use
in research teams from across the life sciences. This included
specially designed ?information lab books? to chart and monitor
individual researcher?s day-to-day information practices.
The report sets out a number of recommendations to funders,
universities and information service providers on how policy and
services can be more aligned with research practice and help UK life
scientists sustain their position at the forefront of world-class
Commenting on the report, Professor Sir Kenneth Calman, Chair of the
National Cancer Research Institute & Chancellor, University of Glasgow
said: ?This report is a crucial piece of work and allows us to
understand in more detail the role that information and data play in
contemporary research across the life sciences.? Further, it
demonstrates the gaps that exist between policy and practice and it is
with this in mind that funders, universities and information
professionals should take note of this report and draw on its
recommendations to inform their plans in supporting UK life science
research in the future.?
Dr Eric Fevre, a Wellcome Trust Research Career Development Fellow who
participated in the study, commented: "It is fascinating to see mapped
out how we, as life-scientists, use information resources within our
academic networks, but the report also highlights potentially valuable
tools and technologies that we under-use or ignore completely. It
encourages scientists to think formally about their use of information
in research and thereby increase their efficiency in so doing."
Patterns of Information Use and Exchange: Case Studies in Life
Sciences will be launched at a reception at the British Library on
17th November at 6.30pm.
The report can be downloaded from ?Sarah Gentleman
Communications Officer
Research Information Network
96 Euston Road
London NW1 2DB
telephone: 020 7412 7241
Follow me on Twitter RIN Facebook group
email: sarah.gentleman at rin.ac.uk
website:

@_date: 2009-11-17 15:49:55
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] copenhagen - green tech and open innovation 
hello everybody,
I'm collecting material for an article aboutr green tech, patents,  climate and open innovation i'm writing for Il Manifesto, an italian  newspaper. the article will become part of a special issue about  copenhagen's COP15
i think one of the most important things to stress is the possibility  for this issue to bring more deeply into science the clash we're  witnessing in culture (copyright vs copyleft). let's say that once  upon a time we were anti-gene patents because evil corporation were  stealing wealth and traditional knowledge from third world  communities. but nowadays to be anti-patents means also to be pro-open  innovation, something we'll soon need if we want the entire world to  tackle climate change. people and countries have a direct interest as  producers and innovators of green technologies.
and, ca va sans dire, the main patents' pool on green tech is held by  the Usa and other western countries: definitely, a justice and  development issue.
if you have any suggestion about people i should interview or data,  experiences, stuff i should mention, please let me know
thank you

@_date: 2010-08-07 23:06:02
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 2 items for blog in science 
hi michel,
i'll take a look at them.
by the way, today i'm sending the article (in italian) about the Open  science summit. you still interested in an english version for the  blog? and i'm definitely going to report about FirstMonday articles.  sorry for being slow and unreliable but i'm in seattle now doing  interviews with the DIYbio guys - it's turning out to be quiet  interesting to dig into their relation with scientific institutions  and how they relate to them (which degree of independence and so on).
PS i'm also going to this Conference of Creative Entrepreneurs   see if you find it interesting.
uoting Michel Bauwens :

@_date: 2010-08-07 23:43:39
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 2 items for blog in science 
whoops sorry for sending a personal email to the list

@_date: 2010-01-19 22:50:07
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
i will try and write some blog posts, though i cant promise a post per week.
michel, you dont seem to have lost your irony!
i hope you will get well as soon as possible - in italy we say "in  culo alla balena"

@_date: 2010-01-19 22:57:00
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
whoops, i was referring to michel's email about thai doctors and  medical privacy
but now i've read the emails you refer to - sorry for the misunderstanding

@_date: 2010-09-24 19:16:01
@_author: Alessandro Delfanti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] R: Fwd: from School Media Design & new Media 
unfortunately I'm not going to be in Italy until late december...
