
@_date: 2010-12-08 11:06:58
@_author: Dennis E. Hamilton 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Not to make too much of a point about it, but
1. The original Internet development was government-funded, but development
was definitely done by companies (BBN to name one important one) as well as
other institutions and contributors.  The backbone was very expensive to
operate and it was (and remains) hardly a free good when viewed as a
complete system.
2. Microsoft purchased the base for what became PC-DOS and then MS-DOS from
another company, not from a public source.  They paid for someone else's IP
as a means of making rapid delivery.  Of course, some early operating
systems, including the predecessors of CP/M and PC-DOS, were developed
before copyright on software was recognized in the US (or anywhere else), so
a great deal of the IP around implementations was preserved through
licensing, bundling, and trade-secret arrangements.  For example, mainframe
computer leases tended to have hold-harmless assurances with regard to IP
infringement actions against technology applied in the computer and its
vendor-provided software.  There were a great variety of
technology-transfer/-sharing arrangements, not the least of which was the
misappropriation of weakly-protectable IP (especially source code), a
problem that was aggravated with the advent of personal computers when
running code could also be freely exchanged (a precursor to the current
situation with digital media for video and audio).  3. There was a counterpart of open-source development back into the
beginning of the digital computer era, and there was a great deal of
freeware as well as available source code.  I worked in such an environment
when I got my start in 1958.  There were also developments involving
coalitions of firms, some of whom contributed voluntarily in order to have
benefit of the community result.  The early releases of the FORTRAN compiler
were representative of that kind of cooperative arrangement.
But technology and non-technology firms seemed always drawn to finding a way
to monetize and recoup some of their investment in software while also
limiting its availability to competitors.
There are still community developments that are undertaken in order to
produce a common good that all in the community will benefit from but for
which it is not worthwhile for any player to develop exclusively and exploit
commercially -- the economics don't work.  I am sure there are also many
developments that do not occur because the community is unwilling to form
around the activity and no one sees a benefit to taking it on voluntarily.
Using an open-source licensing and development model has taken considerable
friction out of such efforts, but they still depend on the presence of
sufficient good will and labor investment by someone to achieve critical
mass as a successful effort.
I add these remarks as a reminder that the treatment of IP is not so
black-and-white and the situation has always been mixed, although the
proportions alter over time and among different communities of interest.
Then there are commoditization, complements, and externalities to consider.
I am not making a pro-IP argument, simply addressing the historical
situation.  I am, nevertheless, suspicious of claims that IP (and other
property) rights are confirmed to be always innovation-detrimental.  The
landscape seems too diverse for that claim to stand unchallenged.
 - Dennis
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Michel Bauwens
Sent: Wednesday, December 08, 2010 00:28
[ ... ]
both historical and contermporary evidence, nearly all research that
has been done about is, suggests IP and patents are a drain on
we also know that the internet was NOT developed by companies, that
Microsoft got its operating system from somewhere else etc ..
[ ... ]
[ ... ]

@_date: 2010-12-20 09:30:16
@_author: Dennis E. Hamilton 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
I don't believe it is a paywall.  Registration is sufficient to access the
article.  As a registered reader, I was able to access the article directly
and I have no paid subscription to the New York Times.  (I am accessing from
a US IP address; I don't know if that matters.)
 - Dennis
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Christian Siefkes
Sent: Monday, December 20, 2010 03:25
Hi Marco,
I think a some point where cities become too big to function properly, so
"more megalopolises" (instead of just "more towns and cities") sounds more
than doubtful. However, there can be little doubt that life in cities is
generally more energy- and resource-efficient than rural life (shorter
distances, more public transport, less heating per person required etc.).
Any sustainable society will require a high degree of urbanization.
Sadly, the article to cite is locked behind a paywall. Could you full-quote
it to free it?

@_date: 2010-12-20 20:07:31
@_author: Dennis E. Hamilton 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: [NetBehaviour] When Free Software Sucks 
I believe that Mako is indeed talking about the Free software that Stallman
considers to be the only worthy kind.  Mako is objecting to positions about
exactly that freedom that are so puristic as to have quality and fitness for
purpose be irrelevant concerns.  It's a little like having it that accepting
Jesus means you don't have to worry about sinning or otherwise be attentive
to how you conduct yourself in the world.
 - Dennis
MORE CONSIDERATION OF "OPEN-SOURCE" VERSUS "FREE"
There is a well-established Open Source Definition.  All open-source
licenses that satisfy the Open Source Definition provide access to all
source code and automatic licensing to create and distribute derivative
Stallman's GPL license satisfies the open-source definition.  The additional
quality of Freedom that is part of the "code language" of the Free Software
Foundation is that derivative works must be relicensed under the same GPL
license (or later version).  This is not required to qualify as open-source
but it is part of Stallman's definition of "Freedom."  The GPL that Stallman authored is comparable to CC-share-alike.  It falls in
a family of licenses that are termed reciprocal licenses and that are each
silos among themselves.  Other licenses under the open-source definition are
akin to the Creative Commons Attribution license (although the attribution
requirement can be problematic in regard to "Freedom" depending on what is
required by the originator of the license).  These non-reciprocal
open-source licenses mainly fall into a general category termed academic
licenses.  The well-known Apache license and others are in this second
category.  If you use Firefox, you are using software that has a special
dual licenses and you can choose to use GPL or MPL (or both) as a license on
a derivative work.  MPL is reciprocal with itself only, as is GPL.
All licenses satisfying the open-source definition (OSD) including the ones
for free software have a requirement for source-code availability,
permission to make derivative works, and to grant sublicensing without
further permission or any payments required.
The Free Software Foundation and Stallman have conceded that some academic
licenses are compatible with the GPL in that contributions under those
licenses can be incorporated in GPL-licensed works but not vice versa,
interestingly enough.  So there is more than one flavor of freedom involved,
It is also the case that "open source" has been misapplied as sloganeering
about products that have licenses that are not acceptable under the Open
Source Definition and consequently not under the Free Software (GPL)
definition as well.
I investigated your list of examples and I am puzzled.  Here is what I
 1. The Zimbra ZPL 1.3 appears to satisfy the Open Source Definition and
applies to the Zimbra product that is identified as freely downloadable and
open-source (though not all of the products are so available).  ZPL 1.3 is
not reciprocal and apparently not GPL compatible (although the freedom to
modify and have free access to the source code is provided for).
 2. I've never seen an Atlassian claim that any of their products are
open-source, so I am not sure what brings them to this list.
 3. Pentaho seems to use "Open Source" as adjectival seasoning on every
service and product they offer.  I didn't dig deeper.
 4. Not sure if Socialtext was ever open source.  They apparently had a
Community Edition license that was not satisfactory in terms of attribution
requirements and I don't know if it qualified under the Open Software
Definition otherwise.
 5. OpenFire has their GPL 2.0 License in plain sight on their download
pages so I don't know what the beef is there.  The source code seems fully
available, though I didn't complete the download that I requested to see
what is included in detail.  OpenFire also uses a public, open standard
(XMPP) which is nice to see.   - Dennis
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Samuel Rose
Sent: Monday, December 20, 2010 16:18
On Mon, Dec 20, 2010 at 3:25 PM, Michael Gurstein Yes, there are some software products out there that claim to be "open
source", yet do not respect the definition of "free as in freedom"
that Stallman is talking about.
 (has recently obscured the "community" edition)
There are probably many more.

@_date: 2010-12-20 20:40:24
@_author: Dennis E. Hamilton 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
My reading later in the article was that the rate of change of the crime
rate is constant, not necessarily the crime rate itself.  I see he says more
than that based on size of a city with regard to violent crimes and also the
surface area of roads.  It would be interesting to see his model rather than
the rather anecdotal/hyperbolic observations in the interview.
Here's another source:
This Nature article requires a payment or subscription:
Here are Sante Fe Institute publications that West and Bettencourt have
authored.  I didn't see any to download in a quick look, and I don't have
access to the sources:
What's interesting about this next query is it surfaces two downloadable
papers and the connection is that they reference the same 2006 paper by
Bettencourt and West:
That 2006 paper is here:
The full paper, figures, and supporting data are available as open-access on
that abstract page (success at last).
 - Dennis
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Michel Bauwens
Sent: Monday, December 20, 2010 17:49
this is also of great interest, and related to patterns, in some way, though
it appears reductionist:
(and on the surface, it appears wrong to me, surely , there are widely
different crime rates per million in various cities,while this article
suggests they would be 'constant')
- After two years of analysis, West and Bettencourt discovered that all of
these urban variables could be described by a few exquisitely simple
equations. For example, if they know the population of a metropolitan area
in a given country, they can estimate, with approximately 85 percent
accuracy, its average income and the dimensions of its sewer system. These
are the laws, they say, that automatically emerge whenever people
"agglomerate," cramming themselves into apartment buildings and subway cars.
It doesn't matter if the place is Manhattan or Manhattan, Kan.: the urban
patterns remain the same. West isn't shy about describing the magnitude of
this accomplishment. "What we found are the constants that describe every
city," he says. "I can take these laws and make precise predictions about
the number of violent crimes and the surface area of roads in a city in
Japan with 200,000 people. I don't know anything about this city or even
where it is or its history, but I can tell you all about it. And the reason
I can do that is because every city is really the same." After a pause, as
if reflecting on his hyperbole, West adds: "Look, we all know that every
city is unique. That's all we talk about when we talk about cities, those
things that make New York different from L.A., or Tokyo different from
Albuquerque. But focusing on those differences misses the point. Sure, there
are differences, but different from what? We've found the what."

@_date: 2010-12-21 00:11:41
@_author: Dennis E. Hamilton 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: [NetBehaviour] When Free Software Sucks 
Sam, Thanks for the details.  I stopped looking deeper into Pentaho when it was
obvious at first glance that they must be abusing "Open".
I am satisfied that Macko was not talking about this problem but about the
over-reaching claim that Free software (that is, F/LOSS) can never suck
because Freedom guarantees that someone can (not will, can) fork it.  That's
not much consolation to someone not in a position to arrange that to happen.
(The same is true for non-F/LOSS open-source software of course, but
overstatement of the significance of being able to monkey with it yourself
or find support from other than the originators seems to be a unique mantra
of F/LOSS advocates.
re  I went back and did find an attribution requirement in the Zimbra ZPL
1.3.  It is this clause:
 "3.2 In any copy of the Software or in any Modification you create, You
must retain and reproduce, any and all copyright, patent, trademark, and
attribution notices that are included in the Software in the same form as
they appear in the Software. This includes the preservation of attribution
notices in the form of trademarks or logos that exist within a user
interface of the Software."
This is much weaker than the requirement that Karl Fogel was quoting and
objecting to in 2007, and while it is still applicable to notice in the UI,
it is about attribution notices and that can be done in polite ways (e.g.,
as part of Help ... | About ... as is often done in commercial products that
are based on licensed components).  I can believe that 3.2, above, is still
worrisome and it definitely doesn't fit the bill for F/LOSS, but it is not a
F/LOSS license in any case.  ZPL 1.3 might pass muster with the OSI, depending on how much room there is
for flexibility in compliance.  I would certainly word that 3.2 in a way
that is easier to comply with and that doesn't suggest in any way that a
contributor's logo is forced onto the main window or even the splash screen
of an application built with a derivative of the code.
I'm not sure about the details that John Locke's more-recent post is based
on, so I don't know how to calibrate his assessment of Zimbra.  I do think
he steps over the small matter of Free as in Freedom being tied to
reciprocity.  I think people understand as "freeware" (as in beer) something
that can be installed and used without encumbrance, whether or not source
code is available under any conditions at all, and certainly if there is no
intention to ever acquire or use the source code.  That already-built
open-source software programs might be regarded as freeware is harmless,
even if it means the ideology of open-source and especially F/LOSS
development is little appreciated in that common case.
I also think it is weird for Locke to claim that the OSI is simply providing
a relabeling of Free software that doesn't scare the commercial types.  I
have heard that before, but I don't understand the logic of it at all.  The
original contributor to the Open Source Definition was Bruce Perens, the
originator of Debian, and I am pretty certain that Bruce was undertaking
that in a principled way and not to pander to commercial interests.  Maybe
some of the OSI leaders have been more cynical, but it seems doubtful and I
can't imagine the current board thinking that is their purpose in life.
Thanks for helping in the fact checking of the abuse of "open source."
 - Dennis
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, December 20, 2010 21:48
On Mon, Dec 20, 2010 at 11:07 PM, Dennis E. Hamilton
A couple of the many arguments along the lines of what I am talking about
I could be wrong, thought they were doing something similar to zimbra.
perhaps not
is worth reading
 they used to be, but
Openfire *is* F/LOSS, you are correct as far as I can see, and I am
just behind on the times on this one (which used to have a psuedo open
source license, but apparently went fully F/LOSS over a year ago. They
used to be an example of what I am talking about if I can recall

@_date: 2010-12-23 10:55:47
@_author: Dennis E. Hamilton 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Choosing the copyfarleft for the P2P Foundation 
I must confess that Alan Toner's critique resonates for me.  I am pretty
certain I will never contribute to a regime of scholarship and enquiry that
discriminates among classes of people.
 - Dennis
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Michel Bauwens
Sent: Wednesday, December 22, 2010 22:52
I propose to use this license for our p2pfoundation coop 'added value' work,
though I do not like the 'name' and have objections for work that needs
really broad distribution, I think the notion that only other peer producers
can re-use the added value material, has validity,
see Dmytri, how many other people are using this license, if any,
I wouldn't mind being a pioneer in this,

@_date: 2010-12-23 17:17:50
@_author: Dennis E. Hamilton 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Choosing the copyfarleft for the P2P Foundation 
I was going by Alan Toner's critique, but these are the relevant quotations
from the rationale for copyfarleft earlier in the wiki page:
   "In order to do this a license cannot have a single set of terms for all
users, but rather must have different rules for different classes.
Specifically one set of rules for those who are working within the context
of workers ownership and commons based production, and another for those who
employ private property and wage labour in production.    "A copyfarleft license should make it possible for producers to share
freely and to retain the value of their labour product, in otherwords it
must be possible for workers to make money by applying their own labour to
mutual property, but impossible for owners of private property to make money
using wage labour."
In one sense, this is akin to dual licensing, something which can be done
now.  However, here, the license is based on the nature of the licensor
rather than what is licensed.  That doesn't satisfy any recognized approach
to an "open source" production system, including Copyleft, and I agree that
it definitely goes beyond what copyleft can accomplish.  I think Toner's critique of any attempt to makes such determinations needs
to be taken seriously.  This does indeed discriminate among classes, and
while it might be viewed as an instrument of social reform (some sort of
balancing counter-discrimination), it is still discriminatory and I have
trouble seeing it being effective in application to intellectual property
licensing.    But mostly, I make my own contributions (such as posting here) on a
non-discriminatory basis because I want them to be available, independent of
any notion of who might be exploiting who (although I certainly have no
reason to feel exploited and I am the one who gets to say whether I do).  I
think what I don't like about the copyfarleft proposal at the personal level
is it feels like someone is making a determination for me based on some
abstract social principle and all I want to do is make a contribution.   - Dennis
PS: Speculating, now, it occured to me that an arrangement of the kind
supposed may well encounter interesting intrusions by competition law and
taxing authorities in jurisdictions where the practice comes under
attention.  Speculating farther, the reaction of wage workers to such
arrangements might also be different than one might expect.    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of j.martin.pedersen
Sent: Thursday, December 23, 2010 11:49
I don't understand what you mean? Isn't the approach of Kleiner
characterised - whether one likes it or not - precisely by countering
class division?
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-12-24 14:58:26
@_author: Dennis E. Hamilton 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Choosing the copyfarleft for the P2P Foundation 
I'm not sure this is in all CC licenses unless it is part of the 3.0
versions.  This may be part of the regionalization of CC.
In some copyright regimes, there are specific provisions regarding the
reputation of the artist and the integrity of the work, as it were.  My
sense is that this limitation is on the free CC license in respect of those
considerations.  They are called "moral rights" and it is a bit like proving
libel and slander and how that works from place to place.  It might not be
possible to waive moral rights where they arise automatically as part of
copyright.  In any case, the generic CC license deeds indicate that any such
rights  are not waived by the CC license.  I don't it attempts to add them,
but to simply affirm they are not waived where they exist.
Here's the thumbnail about this for the generic Creative Commons Attribution
3.0 deed at :
"In addition to the right of licensors to request removal of their name from
the work when used in a derivative or collective they don't like, copyright
laws in most jurisdictions around the world (with the notable exception of
the US except in very limited circumstances) grant creators "moral rights"
which may provide some redress if a derivative work represents a "derogatory
treatment" of the licensor's work."
In litigation around a dispute where moral rights were claimed as part of
the license, a US Federal Court would determine whether or not free speech
(and also fair use) dominated.  But you'd have to end up in court to
determine the specific case.  I suspect that it would be easier in other
jurisdictions where such a clause was enforceable and moral rights are
 - Dennis
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Samuel Rose
Sent: Friday, December 24, 2010 11:13
On Fri, Dec 24, 2010 at 2:06 PM, Franco Iacomella
You are right, looks like it is part of all CC licenses.
