
@_date: 2009-07-02 13:12:01
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Hi Christian, thanks for the response and I certainly understand the
delay, just a tip: If responding to a mailing list posting much later
that it was posted, it's a good idea to cc the person you are responding
too, as they may not be currently following the list.
Markets are a form of circulation, not production. Your system includes supply/demmand determined prices for both labour and products.
It is therfore a market system. There are many market systems that are
non-captialist, including yours.
The above fable assumes that planed production can perfectly
anticipate future needs and desires, in reality of course the main
source of information that will drive allocation in your system will be
exactly the price feedback you deny exists.
As they are in all socialist models, yes. However common-based
production is not an incompatible with market circulation. They are
different things. Your system, wether you chose to understand it or
not, is a market system, with planned production.

@_date: 2009-07-02 13:18:40
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
I agree that Christian's system is commons-based, this is because
ownership of productive assets is common, not because of any nonsence
such as "exchanging generally with a pool;' this is not a characteristic of
commons-bsed production.
It is productive assets that make up the commons, not products. Think Inputs,
not Output.
For example if we are commons-based cheese makers, in the days of the
historic commons, our sheep may share the common field, howeber my cheese is not your cheese.
Please get this straight.

@_date: 2009-07-27 04:25:15
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Social Media Update. 
As mentioned in an earlier thread, my experements with social media
continue. I am quite ciritcal of so-called "Social Media," and see it as an enemy, not an ally of p2p2, dispite this, to realise the
goals of the venture communist project telekommunisten we must exploit all
possible avenues of building our community and support for worker's controlledi
enterprises and worker's control of production broadly, and so therefore, must communicate where the people are, not where we think they should be.
As part of this effort, we have set up a telekommunisten facebook page:
If you are a facebook user, we would love to have you join (or "become a
fan" in the facebook venrnacuar), and if so inclined, share the page and/or invite your friends, help us penetrate deeper into the facebook
Feedback, comments, questions, etc, are also welcome very welcome.

@_date: 2009-07-27 05:37:59
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Social Media Update. 
Hi Michel, no that was one of many typos in that hasty writen
Thanks, I wil post that to Ning as well.
How is Ning working out for you? Curious, don't see the point in it at
this stage, as it still has all the faults (centralized, capitalist,
etc) of Facebook, but not the reach. Any comments as to how Ning has
been usefull in a way that say a facebook page and/or group would be?

@_date: 2009-06-01 17:14:12
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
There is only 1 definition, however it has hard to understand ad
purposely misrepresented by neoclassical economics, which continue to
dominate mainstream sources, and who's main purpose is to justify
propertarian exploitation.
This is misleading, the income from hiring out land is a price, and
all prices are composed of rent, interest and wages, in most cases the
main component of this price of land would be Rent, regardless of
whether it was bought or hired.
This is such garbage I have no idea where to begin. At the very least, it's
a lousy example of rent. Not to mention that if he would be willing to
play for 10K, why on earth is the team paying him 50?
The quoted paragraph is gibberish from start to finish. As the old
saying goes, "that's not right, that's not even wrong."
The factors of production are Land, Labour, and Capital, and once again
the price of a soccer player (like all prices) includes all three
components Rent, Interest and Wages. In this case, being a person, is
particularly difficult to divide between the three. The difference
between the price of simple labour (wages) and that of skilled labour,
imo, is better viewed as Interest, i.e. "Human Capital," than Rent in
the case of Athlete. The example would have been slightly less
ridiculous of they use a celebrity, who's income above simple wages can
better be argued as rent (coming mostly from licencing). If you really would discuss this, we can, but it seems like the Georgist cartoon I linked provides a much better starting point. This is well into counting angels-dancing on the head of a pin territory, IMO.
Rent is the economic return to productive inputs when their supply can not be
be increased by the application labour and capital, so the above is highly confused. New firms can not create Land. They can create Capital though, and so what is said above is true of Interest. However that's what the "Economist" does not want you to understand, in perfect competition, there can be no Interest. Capital can not capture any more that it's own reproduction costs, and so can not provide an income for a class of Capitalists, this Capitalism depends on restricting competition and rent-seeking.
(yes Alfred, I'm ignoring quasi-rents for the moment),
Kind Regards,

@_date: 2009-06-01 17:52:00
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Not sure what you mean by this question. What do you mean by "Deal
With," as to how they relate to this conversation:
Can the supply of skyscrapers and hydroponic farms be increased by the application of
labour and capital?
Yes? Then the main component of income this Capital produces is Interest, not
Rent. However the total price of a unit in the skyscraper or the food
produced on the farm would include this Interest, along with the location
rent of the Land they are sitting on (and wages too).

@_date: 2009-06-01 19:48:07
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Re: excellent contribution on flow 
Hi Michel, as you know my own arguments are based on modes of
production, I see money as being a secondary consideration.
However, you seem to be on the right track above, the issue is not so
much supply, but access. There may be plenty of supply, however it is
very concentrated and therefore unavailable when and where is needed.
Meaning that possesion of money allows you to capture value, since
merely possessing money is not a contribution to production, value
captured by money must be theft. "Neutral" money would not capure value.

@_date: 2009-06-05 10:31:00
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mobile Updates 
Hi, as part of my experiments with social media, I have been doing
mobile updates using posterous, generally short (written on my mobile
phone in transit).
Comments welcome:
also available here:

@_date: 2009-06-05 10:50:01
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mobile Updates 
Hi Michel, what you are looking at is a blog, however, my experemints
have to do with how I use and update social media targets, these short
texts (and the associated pictures) where created in transit on my mobile.
Using posterous, they are also posted to flickr, twitter, facebook and the
tumblr blog (dmytri.info), which also includes my google reader shares, which get to tumblr by a complex route, pulled in from reader by twitterfeed, which
then posts to ping.fm, which posts to twitter, ident.ca, friendfeed and delicious,
tumblr pulls them in from delicious
But the reason I posted the link was for feedback about the content ;)
The point of these experiments is to figure out how best to maximize
reach in social media by way of a multiple platform approach. I will
take what I learn an create my own platform simular to posterous, ping,
etc, but better suited for co-operative promotion.

@_date: 2009-06-05 11:21:50
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mobile Updates 
Yeah, that's part of the idea, let people recieve the message wherever
and however they want to, without forcing people to use any particular
platform to recieve it.
Yes, that is the tricky part, getting this right is one of the major
Yes, I have already learned that facebook should not retweet twitters
because the volume of participation which is normal for twitter comes
across as spam on facebook, which has a slower pace.
This year my development for Telekommunisten will be focused on improving the supportability of our products, so automated testing,
build, integration and request tracking. Next year I will focus on
marketing, so this year I am gaining knowledge by using the social media
platforms and forming opinions on best practises.
The name for the co-operative promotion platform will be asym.me/tric
and it will combine features from services like twitterfeed, ping.fm and tr.im. It's
purpose will be specifically for groups engaged in commons-based
production to promote their work.
So far, these are some of my observations:
  - (as mentioned above) let people be informed using the platforms they
    chose
  - make sure that no particular platform is required to be informed
  - make sure that "classic" internet platforms are supported, i.e.
    email, usenet, irc, etc.
  - good support for basic mobile phones is required.
  - use each platform in the most appropriate way, and with the most
    appropriate frequency.
  - make it is as easily as possible to share and pass on information from
    others
  - analytics must be build built in

@_date: 2009-06-08 09:34:43
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Yes, propertarian propagandists have adopted the term and used the
massive power of the corporate media and state education system to
promote that false (and ridiculous) definition.
The term originates in Socialist critiques of the emerging social
relations of the industrial revolution.
The point of the term was to draw a parallel with feudalism, where in
feudalism direct producers are denied land, in capitalism direct
producers are denied capital.
I'm not going to link to anywhere, but here is mine, take it or leave it:
Capitalism is a state-enforced economic system of class stratification which
drives up the price of capital by withholding it from labour, thus allowing a class of property owners to capture value created by direct producers.
BTW, I've updated  last night on the overnight train with some
thoughts about rent. Quit interested in comments, especially from Kevin.

@_date: 2009-06-11 10:54:22
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Me too, I made the same observation when the text was published (I
actually have a printed version). Unfortunately, I was unable to find
any of "peerconomy" theoretically coherent, and file it under the rest of
the "oekonux" drivel.
However, I'm not sure I'm 100% on-side with Kevin (whose work I very
much admire) WRT money and markets being nothing but neutral tools.
I believe that we must use money and markets in building the new society
in the shell of the old, I do not however hold them as an ideal.
I fully believe that specialization of labour implies exchange, however exchange does not need to be money-denominated itemizedi, transactions, but can be significantly more fuzzy.
Until Capitalist social relations where imposed on society, money and
markets functioned quite differently than they do today. Actual specie
was rarely used in "market" transactions, even though money has existed
as long as writing, it's use was mostly limited to paying tribute and
for prestige (usually imported) goods. Most other goods where either
traded on account or ad-hoc, this is certainly exchange and certainly
reciprocial, but the valuation was not done on each item and not
denomonated in money, but rather value was attributed to the
relationship, not the transaction or the item. Markets formed on
periphery of communities, not at their core, to dispose of surplus.
The more distant the relationship the more formal the accounting of the
transaction, ad-hoc for close relations, on account for more distant
relations, and actual negotiated trade of specie or good for other goods
only when there is no relationship, whith distant trading partners or the
It is neither nuetral or natural to have markets central to communities,
to have all sharing transformed into itemized transaction, but rather
these social relations where imposed as a prerequisite of Capitalism,
and are a symptom of the degree to which Captalism has destroyed human
community, now limited only to the "Nuclear" family, and even this
paltry and normalized vestige of human community is breaking down.
The uquiqity of money and markets is very much a feature of capitalism
that was, like the rest of system, systimaticaly and forcefully imposed.
I agree with Kevin that Markets do not cause exploitation, but feel that
the degree to which they permeate communities is a symptom of
exploitation, and thus money and markets may, once again, play a vastly diminished role in the new society, once broken out of the shell of the old.

@_date: 2009-06-11 11:52:37
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Hi Michel, we've gone over this before, but in the interest of getting
the opinions of the others, I will once again claim that the
above is a ridiculous position.
You can not have one mode of production for rivalrous goods, and another
for nonrivalrous goods so long as nonrivalrous goods have rivalrous
goods as inputs.
In otherwords, so long as Software developers and Wikipedia editors need
a place to sleep and something to eat, food and shelter are inputs to
the production of nonrivalrous wikipedia articles and software, and thus
the reproduction costs of these inputs needs to accounted for by the
mode of production, or else what you are describing is not a mode of
production, just a special-case form of circulation within the larger
This confusion comes from your pro-capitalist (Benklerian) definition of peer production.
Defining peer-production as "non-reciprocal production of immaterial
wealth" is an overly conservative definition that seeks to limit the
potential of peer-production to the limits defined by Capitalism
Peer-production is better defined as "independent producers working with
a common stock of productive assets," which implies a mode of production
with far greater retained wealth and far lower economic rents, and
therefore one that would be unable to sustain the wealth accumulation of
a Capitalist class.
The term peer-production seems totally random in the Benklerian usage,
since there is no linguistic link between "peer" and "nonreciprocal
producer of immaterial goods." The source of the terms p2p and peer
production is obviously and undeniably derived from peer networks, the
nature of which is not "nonreciprocal," reciprocity is often a
condition of peerage, i.e. bittorrent, regional Internet exchanges, etc,
nor is it immaterial, since client-server systems also have immaterial
traffic, and material assets, such as circuits are among the
resources shared by the peers. Benkler's tacking-on of "commons-based" is
redundant, for with nothing held in common, there is nothing to be "peers" in.
What distinguishes peer networks from client-server systems is exactly
that they consist of independent systems operating on a common stock of
internetworking infrastructure. And what distinguishes peer-product from
Capitalist production is that the means of production is held as a
common stock to be used by independent workers in their own production.
As a form of social production, peer-production is distinct from both
collective (i.e "Soviet") and bourgeois (i.e. "The West") forms of
Capitalist production and from co-operative production, which is
"workers collectively working with jointly-owned productive assets."
capitalist production: property-less workers working for owners of capital
co-operative production: workers collectively working with jointly-owned productive assets.
peer production: workers independently working with a common stock
of productive assets.
Peer production is the "more equitable market" you are looking for.

@_date: 2009-06-11 12:03:07
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Hi Michel, please go ahead, also, if some light copyediting is done I
certainly wont complain, that post is riddled with typos.

@_date: 2009-06-11 12:32:10
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
It is my position that non-reciprocity is a red herring.
Rivalrous and non-rivalrous production doesn't need to be integrated, they are, must be, and always will be integrated, it's your analysis that is disintregated by not considering the whole mode of production. Don't be fooled by law
professors bearing gifts (Benkler, Lessig, etc), they exist to confuse
the issue.
If you are referring to to copyfarleft it is
important to note that this proposal does not apply to immaterial productive assets, but rather to stocks of immaterial goods, the essay goes to great lengths to make
the distinction.
My distinction has become more precise since the last time we had this
discussion, your comments are appreciated as always.
By the way, I've updated  with an entry on Capital

@_date: 2009-06-12 12:23:59
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
I can can only conclude that you have not read these accounts Michel, for
in reading them, it is impossible
to miss the fact that these relationships are, in fact, reciprocal. See for
instance, Marcel Mause's "The Gift."
Even the etymology of the word "Gift" reveals how deep the concept of
reciprocation is in humans. It's a Germanic word that shares it's root with the word for Poison.
Receiving a gift is like being poisoned, you must get it out of your system by reciprocating or suffer.
You are conflating reciprocity with the Market. Value in non-market
reciprocity, as I've mentioned before, is placed on relationships, not individual item and transaction prices.
When a member of a family does not
meet the expectations of the other family members in their contributions,
disputes arise.
Further you miss the point that we are not talking about circulation, but
production, and no matter how altruistic
and selfless the producers are, if they are not able to attain the
reproduction costs of their inputs, they are not able to continue producing. A mode of production must explain
how all inputs are reproduced, your Benklerian model of peer-production, "non-reciprocal, immaterial
production," can not. This is on purpose, because it's proponents are supporters of Capitalism. The idea that Free Softare is
an example of the so-called mode of production is simply, demonstrably, and undeniably false. This sort of
equivoctions, conflating stocks and flows, speaking
of circulation of stocks instead of is a common pattern among capitalist
apologists. If the the current distribution of the means of production and circulation is taken as a given, you want to focus
on the subjective price of stocks. If distribution
of productive assets is challenged, the focus falls on the objective cost
of sustaining flows. The Benklerian definition of perr-production is just more neoclassical
garbage, like the marginal utility theory of value.
You continue to misunderstand the nature of free software production and
persist in your belief in the fairytale of random volunteer developers making free software for no reason
at all. No such "Free Software" exists outside the long tail of abandon-ware and vapour-ware listed on the
backpages of freshmeat searches.
Free software is a common productive stock, we use it and improve it
because we need it. Most significantly from an economic view, is that we need it as an input to production, even though
it has nearly no circulation cost, the production that depends on it must provide for production costs, not it's circulation
costs. However because it has nearly no circulation cost, the production
costs can be spread out over a great many users, each motivated to
contribute their small part to better derive value from the whole common
What is interesting about the production of free software is that free
software is a common stock of productive assets employed in production
independently by many producers, not that it is non-reciprocal (It's not)
nor immaterial. What is interesting is that it is commons-based, that is
it's definitive characteristic.
A commons-based market, one where productive assets where held in common by
peer-producing networks of independant producers
is exactly the equitable market you are looking for. I wont champion a
particlar model in this thread, but there are many, from Mutualism,
Syndicalism and Georgism, to their mash-ups such as Gesselian
Freiwirtshaft, Geolibertarianism, and my own Venture Communism.
In peer production the stock of productive assets is common, not owned by
one co-operative, but by many independent individuals and groups.
As I've already said, a co-operative is "collective workers working on a
jointly owned stock of productive assets,"  while peer-producers work
independently on a common-stock of productive assets.
Users of and contributers to the Linux kernel, for example, are not a
co-operative, but rather a distributed network of individuals and groups
for whom the Linux Kernel is a common productive assets, some of them make
routers, some of the make distros, some of them do client-funded
customizations, etc. The vast majority of benefit directly from the Linux
Kernel, and thus contribute to it so that it better suites their needs. The
value the derive from the Linux Kernel is far greater than that of their
own contributions to it.
Free software, primitive commons society, the family and every single
example you use is much better explained if you understand that the
definitive feature in peer-production is the commons, not some imaginary
It is your Benklerian definition of peer production that does not, and can
not, exist, which is why you are forced into incoherent dualisms and
equivocation when attempting to address the issue of the material inputs to
the production of immaterial wealth.
Please stop repeating this false statement.
By excepting their framing of peer-production, you also fall victim to the
limits inherent in a definition which tries to evade the objective costs of
sustaining production by mesmerizing you with novelties in circulation.
Can I quite "that part?" That is what the entire essay is about! Here are
the first two sentences:
"In the area of software development copyleft has proved to be a
tremendously effective means of creating an information commons which
broadly benefits all those whose production depends on it. However, many
artists, musicians, writers, film-makers and other information producers
remain skeptical that a copyleft based system where anyone is free to
reproduce their work, can earn them a living."

@_date: 2009-06-12 13:38:39
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
It is unfortunate that you respond to Stan's clear question (posed to you
before by myself and others)
with trite fallacies and self-congratulating gibberish.
At it is still based upon individual prices on items and transactions, will you explain in which way your system is not a market?
On Thu, 11 Jun 2009 21:54:27 +0200, Christian Siefkes

@_date: 2009-06-13 09:29:28
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
In most cases they do not. Not until they can account for their own
subsistence costs by employing these means of production, which for the
vast majority is not possible. What is new is a common stock of productive assets which have nearly no
reproduction costs, thus a great many independent producers can share the
production costs by each contributing only small amounts, each having the
ability to derive more value from the whole common stock than that of their
own contributions to it.
However, exactly because the common stock is immaterial it can not directly
capture exchange value with out access to scarce inputs, physical, legal,
and financial, and thus this is not such a significant shift as you make it
out to be. Capital will still get it's surplus value in the main.
What is a real shift, is the ability to form and maintain near real-time
relationships at a distance. That the form of social and economic
communities is no longer geographical bound, and that the structure of
these communications is not mediated by any individual corporate or State
agency, but rather consists of direct interactions. This is the meaning of
p2p, and it does have explosive potential to reshape society. However I am increasingly worried that p2p is already on the decline,
already being dismantled as the internet becomes more commercialized,
centralized, censored, etc. "Cloud Computing" and "Web 2.0" are actively
displacing the free, peer, internet with centralized proprietary platforms
with proprietary APIs that are under direct corporate control and highly
restrictive user agreements, internet access is already consolidated in the
hands of fewer and fewer major corporations, under terms that more and more
restrict subscribers in their run their own servers, and more and more
degrade net neutrality. A distopian future could easily be one where your ISP sells you access to
YouTube and a package of other corporate sites, not the Internet, where if
you want to have your own site, you will need to overcome many legal and
financial barriers to entry designed to restrict the ability to operate
internet platforms to a oligarchy of well financed providers.
The future may look a lot more like CompuServ, cable TV and the mobile
phone network than the Internet as we know it.

@_date: 2009-06-16 14:05:08
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Which is why you need to abandon a definition of peer production that
precludes the material.
Not sure what any of the above really means. Examples?
I hope you are right, however, we have seen nothing of corporate and
state repression of p2p yet either.
It's important to note that a percentage of total users, fewer
are able to publish public information and services from their own
resrouces now than during earlier stages of the Internet.
At the same time, I agree with you that total numbers are larger, and I
believe it is in this fact that both our hopes lay.

@_date: 2009-06-16 16:36:02
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish:A 
Hi Michel, you where referring to Anthropological accounts, which overwhelmingly
emphasize reciprocity, i.e. Mauss, Melinowski, Morgan, etc,
However generalized exchange (even your example) is both material, and
reciprocal, just not unit priced.
Whatever model of reciprocity you use, reciprocity remains reciprocricty
and is never "non-reciprical" as in the Benklerian peer-production
Just like production of immaterial wealth with material inputs is not
"immaterial production."
I have not argued for a particular model of reciprocity, rather against
the ridiculous "Non-reciprocal, Immaterial" definition of
peer-production, and for one more in line with the historical commons,
and with peer networks, that is: producers independently employing a common stock of productive assets.
Then why did you give the example of a family as non-reciprocal? My
response was to that false example.
Even this is false, the point is not that peer production is embedded in
the _market_ mode, that is not essential as the material inputs for
immaterial production could be provided in by a monarch, a theocrat or a
fairy god mother, the point is that material inputs must be accounted for to talk about peer _production_.
And so-long as you insist on talking about some "immaterial,
non-reciprocal" production you are certainly not talking about "what is," since no such thing has existed or can exist.
Corporations also often start with an almost exclusive volunteer force.
This is not interesting or remarkable. The point is all significant free
software is such exactly because it is an input to an economically
viable productive process, and is therefore sustained by the producers who
employ it.
The polarity (spectrum?) is not in reality, only in your imagination. Free software
packages that do not become an input to economically viable productive process,
quickly become abandonware.
It is not the "commons" that requires reciprocity, rather any form of
production. The quoted statement clearly reads "what is interesting
about the production ..." NOT "what is interesting about the commons."
In terms of immaterial productive assets, I don't advocate any
restrictions, however, the reproduction costs associated with matterial
assests requires something like membership in a sharing network to be
Therefore no artificial restrictions are needed. Restrictions on the use of physical
objects is impossed by the facts of objective reality.
Once again, the point of copyfarleft is to make a disctinction between
productive assets and produced stocks. So this questions is moot (see
Not essentially, however costs must be accounted for, and these are
The simple rule is that producers, as a whole, must account for the
production and circulation costs of all inputs, material and immaterial.
However, immaterial inputs have lower reproduction and circulation
I will certainly write more on this topic in the future, however it
is not my purpose in this thread to promote my own solutions, as
mentioned earlier.
Immaterial productive assets do not require "owners,"
The different examples I cited have different scopes for the allocator
of material (and therefore rivalrous) productive assets, i.e. the State is the de-facto allocator of land in Georgism, the "Venture Commune" is the
allocator in Venture Communism. Mutualism works by simply refusing to recognize alienated ownership in land, only recognizing possession.
It can be used "as is" by people who are not contributing it, because an
already developed version of it has almost no reproduction costs. The
ones that contribute to it are the one that require additional or
specialized functionality.
The kernel had to exist, and therefore already have been produced,
before any such noncontributing users could use it. Ass we are talking
about peer _production_. The topic is how did it come to have been
It's not a quibble over words, but an essential matter of how we
define what, in fact, we are talking about.
What is peer-production? Is it worker's independently employing a
common-stock of productive assets? Or is it nonreciprocal, immaterial
production? What specific socio-economic development are we discussing
That is a special case circulation, and nothing more, it occurs under
certain conditions, when such usage does not add costs to the producers.
For the ten millionth time, copyfarleft is not for software (or any
productive asset), but for produced stocks of consumptive goods. i.e.
books and movies, conversely, the GPL is not for these.
I have never claimed the GPL is not sufficient for software. The GPL
does not cover books and movies, as is not intended to.
Copyfarleft, as I have told you again and again, is an alternative to
Copyleft non-commercial licences, and not the GPL.
Then drop the "immaterial, nonreciprocal"  definition so we can start talking about real peer-production, not keeping peer-production in pristine isolation from
the material world by making it immaterial and nonreciprocal by definition.

@_date: 2009-06-16 21:44:43
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish:A 
My concern is more with what sorts of components peer-production can haver, and
non-reciprocity, as I have said before is a red herring.
In building peer-production we must incorporate the necessity of
reciprocity, both direct and indirect.
The interesting thing is a common stock of productive assets.
I have not authored a language to call my own, I am proposing you use clear language, so that we can talk about the reality of peer-production and spread the understanding that immatrial assets can have no exchange value, so owners of material assets will always capture the entire
productive surplus this quite import fact is lost in talk of "immaterial" Yes, there is a difference but the difference is in circulation, not
production. That is an important distinction.
In my opinion, the formulation of peer-production as immaterial,
nonreciprocal is designed to avoid the question of distribution of
productive assets, in exactly the same way that the neoclassical formultion of value as utility rather than cost is, using the same
equivication: conflating production with circulation.
The interesting part of peer production is it's potential to be a new more of production to challange capitalism, thus a focus on distribution of productive assetts is rather critical.
Then Benklerite definition is compatable with Capitalism, that is
rather the point. Mine is not, except to the degree that it can exist
within a captalist world, building the new society in the shell of the
old, etc.
Sure, except then the example was a nonsequitor, since I was not arguing
for particular modes of reciproricty.
Then what leads you to such absurd claims as that immaterial producers
"own their means of production" if this is obvious?
The Linux Kernel, you may wish to note, was not produced by the
non-contributing users you mentioned. Obviously.
Wikipedia explains it as follows:
Wikimedia Foundation relies on public contributions and grants to fund its
mission of providing free knowledge to every person in the world.[37] It
is exempt from federal income tax[37][38] and from state income
tax.[37][39] It is not a private foundation, and contributions to it
qualify as tax-deductible charitable contributions.[37]
At the beginning of 2006, the foundation's net assets were $270,000.
During the year, the organization received support and revenue totaling
$1,510,000, with concurrent expenses of $790,000. Net assets increased
by $720,000 to a total of over one million dollars.[37] In 2007, the
foundation continued to expand, ending the year with net assets of
$1,700,000.[40] Both income and expenses nearly doubled in 2007.[40]> ?
Wikipedia is crowdsourcing, like YouTube, etc, with the important
distinction that it's content is licenced freely, and that the foundation is
non profit.
Of course, you are moving the goalposts, since my statement
was about software, not articles in Wikipedia, which are different.
No. But I don't think this thread is a good conext to talk about
copyfarleft, it is a different topic. Just understand that it is mainly a
proposal for licensing books and movies, specifically for cultural works
currently mostly licenced under copyleft noncommercial licences, which
deny both propertarian and peer-production. We should start a different
thread to discuss this in more depth.
No, we are both saying it does exist, we disagree on what it's definitive
properties are. We are both talking about the same phenomenon, i.e. the
emergence of free software, we both see this as potentially a
component of a new way of producing and sharing that could replace
The definitive properties you are attributing to this new form of
production are "Immaterial, Non-reciprocal," yet these can not be he
properties of the more equitable new way of producing and
sharing that we seek. What's worse, is that so long as the new mode is
kept within the limits imposed by these properties, it is no threat to
Capitalism, but rather a part of it.
The definitive properties that I attribute is that this new mode
producing and sharing is based upon "producers independently sharing a
common stock of productive assets," This not only better describes
existing peer production, is a more appropriate usage of the word
"peer," but it these properties can be properties of the more equitable
new way of producing and sharing that we seek. There are properties we
can build on in extending peer production into the material. What's
more, is that production based on such properties provides no place for
private capture of Rent, and as such, is inherently anti-capitalist.
This is not a dispute about terminology so much as a dispute about the
very basis of the new mode of production we are discussing.
(re copyfarleft again).
Again, wont get into this now, but I never said physical books.
Copyfarleft is for free cultural works, not software. They are different. But please lets save this for a different thread.
Far from useless, these discussion are critical to establishing a
tactical basis for building the forms of producing and sharing we seek.
IMO, it is very important to understand framing issues, such as why
neoclassical capitalist-appologists want to promote a subjective theory
of value and an immaterial definition of peer-production, it is exactly
to misdirect the discussion away from equality in distrubition of
productive assets. If we want to change society we have to think on
terms of equality in distribution of productive assets, and frame our
definitions that way.

@_date: 2009-06-17 11:28:03
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish:A 
No doubt you have mentioned it in specific works, it is lost in general
discussions where peer-production employs the Benklerite definition.
The distinction you are making only applies to circulation, see next
This is true for both Free Software and Wool Socks.
This is true for Free Software, but not Wool Socks.
You can't download Socks.
See the distinction? Are we closer to an aha-moment yet?
You are neglecting Food and Shelter.
So what you really mean is they own some of their means of production.
Makers of Wool Socks may well own their own knitting needles as well.
This is the kind of half-way thinking that the Benklerite definition
Certain forms of production are more or less capital-intensive than
others, however all must feed and house the labour they employ, at a
I count these things as among the means of production, but workers
workers producing material goods may own some of their own means of
production as well, none of this is fundamental. Under capitalism, neither workers who produce material nor immaterial wealth own their own means of
production, and both must sell their labour as a commodity to provide
for their own subsistence.
The means of production are all the factors, all inputs needed to
produce, and not some random categorical subset. Obviously.
What do you mean by "uneconomical," Wikipedia is sustainable because it
is economical, as their financial report clearly shows.
This is already an improvement, since you have not included "immaterial"
and "non-reciprocal" in this.
Now consider what the objective conditions to achieve the above are:
independent access to the means of production.
Peer production is the new economic system, if we can defend and promote
it, which is by no means certain.
Free Software and peer networks do provide a new way or producing and
sharing, the Benklerite definition simply evades the relevant points
which are that both these phenomena are distinguished by producers
independently employing a common-stock in production.
However taking their cue from neoclassical economists who confuse the subjective
price of stocks with the objects costs of sustaining flows, Benklerites can't distinguish between the common _stock_ and peer _production_.
Stocks of free software are certainly immaterial and non-contributing
users are able to use them, thus it can be said that circulation of
free software is (nearly) "immaterial" and "non-reciprocal." However, this tells you nothing of _production_, peer or otherwise.
I do not exclude these inputs, I simply include the others.
In that //some// of the inputs to peer production are a
common-stock, so what I want is to have //more// of the inputs of
production be a common-stock, especially material inputs.
Benklerites note that //some// of the inputs to peer production are
immaterial. What do Benkerlites want? That //more// of the inputs to
peer production become immaterial? No, rather what they want is that the
material inputs remain in private hands, thus the framing.
You are entitled to your beliefs, however since you have had to do
logical back-flips in making "non-reciprocal" into "reciprocal but not _direct_" and
"immaterial" into "immaterial outputs with material and immaterial
inputs" will you at least admit that "immaterial, non-reciprocal
production" is a  problematic and potentially misleading definition?
BTW, this thread does not appear on the P2Presearch list, does the
moderation queue need attention?

@_date: 2009-06-17 14:08:04
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish:A 
Yes, and I also recall our discussion on his topic in 2006, following my
WoS4 comments.
100% false. Why on earth could recipients of a basic income not knit
socks? And also, my children have had socks knit by unpaid volunteers,
don't yours?
Please think this through more thoroughly.
Yes, of however still muddied by the neoclassical fog preventing you
from distinguishing stocks from flows.
Until you realize that basic income recipients and volunteers can also
knit socks, the penny still has some dropping to do.
The means of production includes all factors. This is the case in all
economic texts. The cost of feeding workers as a component of the
factor price of wages is just about the most classic example of input costs.
No, the central innovation of Capitalism is they lack the means of acquiring food
and shelter, the knitting needless are optional. It is and was quite common,
for instance, for industrial producers to provide their own tools,
shoes, uniforms, etc.
This makes no sense whatever.
The change is that immaterial production is less capital intensive, and
that much of the capital is subsidized by private and public funds, i.e.
the international telephone system, making it available for far less
than it's value.
They never have been.
Note that this statement contradicts the Benklerite definition since
the //pysical// world.
This same is true of the other sources you cite, it is illogical to
talk about extending immaterial production into the physical (material)
world. To suggest that peer production can be extended into the
material world is to disqualify that the definition of peer production
as immaterial.
Therefore simply using that title means you must reject that peer
production = immaterial production.
As labour is one of the factors of production, your sentence is confused
beyond repair. Also, the term "social reproduction," afaik, refers to the
reproduction of a class, not a person.
A non profit corporation is a corporation!
Free software production, like all other forms of production, must
account for the costs of all it's inputs. I did not say there was only
one way of doing so, some "corporate" way. Far from it.
In other words workers currently employing a common-stock of mainly
immaterial productive assets can //expand their stock// to include
material assets! In other words //expanding// peer production into the
material world. Peer production //is// the new economics system you are
referring to. I don't know how much clearer I can be on this.
Their framing of peer-production as "Immaterial, Non-reciprocal"
production reflects there intent to limit peer-production to the limits
allowed by Capitalism. As we both reject those limits, let us also
reject that limited framing.
It is one thing to say that peer production today is most common
in the production of immaterial wealth, it is quite another to
It would be nice for the rest of the list to get them as well.

@_date: 2009-05-26 17:11:10
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
As I understand it, Money as in state-issued legal tender originated for
the purposes of exacting tribute in ancient times, and did not become a
common means of market exchange until the industrial revolution.
Previously, even though money was known and available, goods where always traded primarly on-account, kin-communal/gift, or barter, as continues in many parts of the world today where money is scarce.
The adoption of money as a means of market exchange was imposed by the
state as a part of the imposition of capitalist social relations.
For more info see Kieth Hart, Glyn Davis, etc.
Producing, sharing and trading happens, Money is imposed by state
As for "hoarding," I highly recomend the essay Robinson Crusue by Sylvio
Here is the Manga version:

@_date: 2009-05-26 19:38:51
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
This is one the most destructive traits of money, real wealth can not
be stored at no cost, or actually negative cost (positive interest), to the owner. Such a form of wealth can only extend from granted privilege, most likely enforced by state violence.
This feature of money, money as a store of value, is esentially a
transfer of wealth from future producers to current owners.
This theft of future value from it's producers is among the sources of
the great inequality of the world, and any form of exchange based on the
ability to "store" consumption at no loss or risk would perpetuate inequality.
That is why Gessellian "friegelti," i.e. stamp scrip, has demmurrage (negative interest) as a feature.
I'm jumping in late, so appologies if this has already been covered.

@_date: 2009-05-31 20:49:46
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by 
Hello, there has been far too much text in thread for me to follow it,
so my apologies if I am not understanding, but it appears the words
"Rent" and "Interest" are being misused here.
Economically speaking "Rent" is not a price paid for borrowing
something physical, and "Interest" is not a price paid for borrowing
money, rather both are are prices, and *all* price are composed of Rent,
Interest and Wages.
Rent is the economic return to "Land" which in economics refers to any
productive input of which the supply can not be increased by the
application labour. This, of course, includes Land.
Interest is the economic return to Capital, which is any productive
input that can have it's supply increased by the application of labour.
This does *not* include Money. Money is not a productive input at all,
but rather it is a debt instrument, it is a form of memory, money is
nothing more than a way of remembering debt.
It is important to understand that even prices paid only once contain
rent, it does not mean the price of borrowing something, but rather the
component of scarcity in price.
It is import to distinguish the colloquial "Adam's Rent-All" usage from
the historical/economic usage, rent form Old French "rendre": to deliver, to
The price for borrowing physical objects or money includes both Rent and
Gesell, like George and Proudhon on whom his work is based, is primarily concerned with the elimination of economic rent, and notes that Money,
being an artificially scarce commodity, captures (unearned) value as a result of it's scarcity, and that this scarcity is artificial and can be removed by designing better currency.
State-money, whether specie or fiat based, is artificially scarce, because
of limitations on who can create it, As the "interest" charged by money lenders is a return to scarcity, this is properly considered Rent and not
"Interest," -- A return on investment could only be considered Interest when it is retained earnings from the yield of Capital.
Thus the most significant component of the price of borrowing money is
Rent, and the solution is to eliminate artificial scarcity. Demmurage and
mutual credit are two ways that this is attempted, the former by
encouraging circulation (velocity) through negative interest, the later
by allowing currency to be created by all participants.

@_date: 2009-05-31 22:22:37
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Re: excellent contribution on flow 
============================== START ==============================
On Sun, 31 May 2009 21:31:54 +0200, Martien van Steenbergen
This Georgist cartoon is a good simple starting point:
Demurrage attempts to solve artificial scarcity by discouraging hoarding,
since money _loses_ money with time, the holder has a strong motivation to
pass it on. "Supply" of money is a function the volume of currency and
circulation, so any increase in volume or circulation will increase supply.
That is the same motivation as when central banks lower interest rates to
attempt to stimulate the economy.
Dmytri Kleiner
editing text files since 1981

@_date: 2010-12-23 10:02:34
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Choosing the copyfarleft for the P2P Foundation 
Hey Michel, that would be great. "copyfarleft" is a type of license, just
like "copyleft
" is, there is neither a license called copyfarleft nor one called
copyleft. There are specific licenses that implement both types; many that
implement Copylet, i.e. GPL, CCBYSA, etc, and so far only one that
implements copyfarleft, that is the "Peer Production License" published in
the Telekommunist Manifesto, which itself a fork of the Creative Commons
Attribution Non Commercial license with clauses added that explicitly allow
commons-based and non-profit commercial use.
It would be really cool if the P2P foundation used the Peer Production
License, as far as I know the only work that currently uses the license is
the Telekommunist Manifesto itself.
On Thu, 23 Dec 2010 13:52:03 +0700, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-07-20 17:34:27
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
On Tue, 20 Jul 2010 19:11:42 +0700, Michel Bauwens
I've included a draft section on this issue below.
Michel couples venture communism and copyfarleft too closely, and thus
slightly misunderstands both, this is obviously a weekness in how I have
expressed these things, hopefull the final versio of the telekommunisten
manifesto will make this clearer.
--- excerpt --
Imaging that a ?better? copyright system or a ?freer? Internet could exist
within the present system of economic relations is to misplace the
deterministic factors. The intrinsic truth in arguments against copyright
and the clear technical superiority of distributed technologies over
centralized ones have not been the deciding factors in the ultimate
development of our intellectual property system or our global
communications infrastructure, both of which have gotten more consolidated,
regulated and restrictive. The determining factor is, as always, the fact
that those whose interests are served by restricting freedom have more
wealth with which to relentlessly push toward their ends then is available
to resist them. The economic reasons for this are well understood, this
numerically small class of Capitalists are the beneficiaries of an unfair
distribution of productive assets that allows then them to capture the
wealth produced by the masses of property-less workers. If we want to have
a say in the way copyright works (or to abolish it) or to influence the way
communication networks are operated, or if we want to make any social
reforms whatsoever, we must start by preventing property owners from
turning our productivity into their accumulated wealth. The wealth they use
to endorse restrictions on our freedoms is the wealth they have taken from
us. Without us they would have no source of wealth, even the great
accumulated wealth from centuries of exploitation can not ultimately save
them if the you are unable to continue to capture current wealth. The value
of the future is far greater than the value of the past. Our ideas about
intellectual property and network topology are ultimately no threat to
Capitalism, who can always co-opt, sabotage or simply ignore them. It is
the new ways of working together and sharing that are emerging that have
the potential to threaten the capitalist order and bring about a new
Often discussions of the productive relations in free software projects
and other collaborative projects such as Wikipedia attempt to bottle up
commons-based production and trap it within the sphere of ?immaterial
production,? restricting it exclusively to the domain where it can not
affect wealth distribution and thereby play a role in class conflict.
Yochai Benkler, Professor for Entrepreneurial Legal Studies at Harvard Law
School, coined the term ?Peer production? to describe the way free
software, Wikipedia articles and similar works are produced. Benkler limits
his analysis to the so-called ?Networked Information Economy.? The novelty
of Peer Production as understood by Benkler and many others is that the
property in the commons is entirely non-rivalrous property: Intellectual
property and network transferable or accessible resources. Property with
virtually no reproduction costs. Also, another distinguishing feature of
this limited concept of Peer Production is that the producers in these
examples do not receiver enumeration for what they have produced since
their products are available for free, for example users of free software
do not compensate the original developers. Thus they claim that Peer
Production is ?Non-reciprocal.?
There is no denying that Benkler?s wealthy network has a lot to offer. The
value of this information commons to its users is fantastic, as evident by
the millions who employ Free Software, Wikipedia, on-line communications
and social networking tools, etc. However, if commons-based peer-production
is limited exclusively to a commons made of digital property with virtually
no reproduction costs, how can the use-value produced be translated into
exchange-value? Where is the money to pay for the production of these
valuable things? Something with no reproduction costs can have no
exchange-value in a context of free exchange, anybody who wants a copy can
obtain one from anybody that has one. But if what they produce has no
exchange-value, how can the peer producers be able to acquire the material
needs for their own subsistence?
The wealthy network exists within a context of a poor planet. The source
of the problem of poverty does not dwell in a lack of culture or
information but in the direct exploitation of the producing class by the
property-owning classes. The source of poverty is not reproduction costs
but rather extracted economic rents, surplus value captured by way of
forcing producers to accept less than the full product of their labour as
their wage by denying them independent access to the means of production.
So long as commons-based peer-production is applied narrowly to only an
information commons while the capitalist mode of production still dominates
the production of material wealth, owners of material property will
continue to capture the marginal wealth created as a result of the
productivity of the information commons. Whatever exchange value is derived
from the information commons will always be captured by owners of real
property, which lies outside the commons. For Peer Production to have any
effect on general material wealth it has to operate within the context of a
overall system of goods and services, where the physical means of
production and the virtual means of production are both available in the
commons for peer production. By establishing the idea of commons-based
peer-production in the context of an information-only commons, Benkler is
creating a trap, ensuring the value created in the peer economy is
appropriated by property privilege. We have found Benkler standing on his
head, and we will need to redefine Peer Production to put his head above
his feet again.
It is not the ?production? in ?immaterial, non-reciprocal? production that
is immaterial. The computers, the networks and the developers and their
places of work and residence are all very much material and all require
material upkeep. What is immaterial is the distribution. Digitized
information, source code or cultural works, can multiply and zip across
global networks in fractions of a second, yet production remains a very
material affair. If Peer Production can only produce immaterial good, such
as software, and the producers get nothing in return for such production,
if Peer Production is ?immaterial, non-reciprocal? production, then this
form of ?production? has no right to be called a mode of production at all.
First and foremost any mode of production must account for it?s material
inputs or else vanish, these inputs must include the subsistence costs of
it?s labour contributors, to at minimum ?enable the labourer?s, one with
another, to subsist and to perpetuate their race? in the words of Ricardo.
?Immaterial, Non-reciprocal? production can not do so, since to produce
free software, free culture or free soup the producers must draw their
subsistence from some other source, and therefore ?immaterial,
non-reciprocal? production is not a form of production at all, only a
special case of distribution within another form of production.
?Immaterial, Non-reciprocal? production is no more a mode of production
than a charity soup kitchen or socialized medicine. It is simply a
super-structural phenomenon which has another mode of production as its
Rather than placing emphasis on the immaterial distribution of what is
produced by current examples of Peer Production, we may note instead that
such production is characterized by independent producers employing a
common stock of productive assets. This view of Peer Production is not
categorically limited to immaterial goods. Understood this way, the concept
of Peer Production, where a network of peers apply their labour to a common
stock for mutual and individual benefit, certainly resonates with age-old
proposed socialist modes of production where a class-less community of
workers(?peers?) produce collaboratively within a
property-less(?commons-based?) society. Unlike the ?immaterial,
non-reciprocal? definition this formulation can account for its material
inputs, its labour specialization, its means of capital formation, etc, and
also better describes the productive basis of free software as well as more
closely relates to the topology of peer networks from which the term is
derived. Further, this formulation also is better rooted in history, as it
describes historical examples of commons-based production such as the
pastoral commons, cottage agriculture and cottage industry as well. As the
distribution of productive assets is so much at the root of the inequality
of wealth and power that perpetuates exploitive systems, a mode of
production where productive assets are held in common is clearly a
potentially revolutionary one if it could take root. However if the form of
production can be contained to the immaterial, if it can be categorized as
immaterial by definition, then it?s producers can not capture any of the
value they create, and thus Harvard Law Professors strive to keep it so
defined. However if we can implement ways of independently sharing a
common-stock of material assets and thereby expand the scope of the commons
to include material as well as immaterial goods, then direct producers who
employ these assets in their production can retain a greater portion of
their product.
Peer production is distinct from other modes of production. Worker?s
independently employing a common-stock of productive assets is a different
mode, distinct from both capitalist and collectivist modes. The capitalist
mode of production is exploitive by nature, its fundamental logic is to
capture surplus value from labour by denying independent access to the
means of production. However, collectivist modes can also be exploitive.
For instance in Co-operative production, in which producers collectively
employ jointly owned productive assets, the distribution of productive
assets is likely to be unfair among different co-operatives, allowing one
to exploit the other. Larger scale collectivist forms, such as Socialist
states or very big diversified co-operatives can be said to eliminate the
sort of exploitation that can occur between co-operatives, however, the
expanding coordination layers needed to manage these large organizations
give rise to a coordinator class, anew class consisting of a
techno-administrative elite that has proven in historical examples to have
the capacity to be just as parasitic and stifling to workers as a
Capitalist class. However the community of Peer producers can grow without
developing layers of co-ordination because they are self-organizing and
produce independently, and as such they do not need any layers of
co-ordination other than that what is needed to provision the common stock
of productive assets, thus co-ordination is limited to allocation of the
common stock among those who wish to employ it. It is no surprise then,
that this sort production has appeared and flourished where the common
stock is immaterial property, the low reproduction costs eliminate
allocation concerns. Thus what is needed for Peer production to incorporate
material goods into the common-stock is a system for the allocation of
material assets among the independent peers which imposes only a minimal
co-ordination burden. Venture Communism is such a way.

@_date: 2010-07-21 20:07:32
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
Hi Michel, don't have much time to get into this at the moment, but I
agree that I am able to make my arguments more precisely now, and our many
discussions and debates over the years have certainly helped, so thanks.
On Wed, 21 Jul 2010 14:54:49 +0700, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-05-25 10:35:33
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p communism vs the client state 
Thanks Michel, glad you liked it. Personaly I feel that "Netarchical Capital" is a confused concept, though certain segments of industry may be open to mesh networks and p2p systems, capitalism is not.

@_date: 2010-05-26 13:21:57
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p communism vs the client state 
No doubt we will get the chance eventually. Currently have software and the manifesto to finish.
