
@_date: 2009-08-10 13:17:28
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 22, Issue 30 
I am also a true fan. Yet, I have frequently compared Marcin to Stalin and
Mao in private conversations. The similarities are striking, and have been
for quite some time. He is always coming up with 3 month plans. He doesn't
tolerate any inefficiency. He needs to be the center of attention. His idea
of OSE is actually not all that different from Mao's Great Leap Forward, as
far as trying to decentralize industrial production. Turns out he is a bit
paranoid as well, or at least quick to blame others for problems.
He means well, but I tend to agree with most of what has been said. To
actually withdraw support from the movement would be a hard thing to do. I
am heavily invested in it, and cognitive biases associated with that
investment are hard to shake.
What should I do about the reprap I am building? I'll contact the guy who
sent me the parts, see what he thinks.

@_date: 2009-08-10 21:28:58
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Possible prize for RepRap 
The Foresight Institute seems to be offering a prize for RepRap. Perhaps the
P2P meme finally infecting the futurist and transhumanist communities....

@_date: 2009-12-10 01:46:48
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Structural Unemployment... round #3527 
Thank you Paul for all your insightful comments on technological
unemployment. Being fairly obsessed with this topic, I would like to add a
few thoughts of my own.
The biggest refutation of the logic of structural unemployment is the fact
that as production becomes more efficient, prices decrease, and thus the
cost of living decreases. This means people can afford to work for less
Now, when it comes to rapid advancements in AI, etc, this point can become
moot. However, I am mainly going to talk about the near term.
In the mean time we have lots of other policies like minimum wage and
environmental regulations which makes human labor more expensive and
incentivizes automation. So we may have structural unemployment, but not
because of market forces. However, the rationale for my support of the Basic
Income and similar P2P/post-scarcity policies really has little or nothing
to do with the idea of structural unemployment.
Perhaps a period of structural unemployment may be one of the only ways to
reorient policies to be more forward-thinking... shorter work week, prizes
for the technology commons, stronger overtime, Basic Income, etc. Of course
it would be a very painful process, but I really don't see any other way to
get there. I actually think we should push for more policies that increase
the cost of human labor (and hopefully are good in their own right), and
hopefully create structural unemployment. My working theory right now is
that this is what has happened in much of Europe.
The idea of the poor having less children and the rich having more is
something I have thought about before as well. It seems pretty obvious for
anyone with a utilitarian bent. To narrow the disparity between the
developed and developing world, actually promoting development is the
easiest and most effective way, and would require shifting our aid from
handing out food to providing open technology and other means of production.
To narrow the fertility disparity within developed nations like the US, then
you have to talk about changing welfare incentive structures (Basic
Income!), choice architecture, sex education, etc. Coercion is almost
totally off the table in my opinion..... though if some fundamentalist
genetically engineers herself to be able to have dozens of babies who can
each have dozens more, then maybe some coercion is in order.
The main point I want to make is that there are actually two conflicting
things we are pushing. On one end the Open Source stuff and on the other the
Basic Income stuff... true once they both are implemented they'd feed on
each other in a virtuous circle, but since a Basic Income seems so unlikely
to be developed without structural unemployment.... Open Source's
deflationary effect could actually stave off the structural unemployment
which I argued we need.
Other tech and causes which most of us may or may not be on board with will
have similar effects. Buying organic food might be propping up some obsolete
occupations. In Vitro Meat is possibly one of the juiciest utilitarian
technologies to ever be proposed and the potential utility gains are
enormous... it will be a boon to animals, humans, and the environment. Yet,
about 75 percent of arable land is dedicated to raising and feeding
"livestock." In Vitro Meat would cause land prices to plummet, food prices
to plummet, and thus human labor costs to plummet.
I'm not saying we should oppose any of this stuff... I'm just saying we need
to fight on both ends. Perhaps the easiest and most politically acceptable
thing to do is raise the minimum wage. The minimum wage is retarded from
every angle except promoting automation and disincentivizing labor, but for
some reason mainstream people like it.
I am just as uncomfortable promoting a brief but intense period of suffering
as anyone, so if anyone has better ideas I'm all ears. If there are no other
ways, and one disagrees with this approach, then I'd need to see some
rigorous utilitarian justification for why we should forgo the Basic Income
side of things.

@_date: 2009-12-10 08:11:57
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Structural Unemployment... round #3527 
Marx actually would not buy into any of the End of Work arguments.
Here is a pretty good refutation of Negri, Rifkin, and others from an
anarchist and quasi-marxist perspective:
It is quite possible that Jeremy Rifkin doesn't believe in structural
unemployment.... he just wants the capitalists to believe in it... as an
alternative to needing to actually go through it.
yet on the other hand it seems like maybe Alan Greenspan now believes in it.
 I think there are a lot of feedback loops and such that make it hard to
determine if it will happen or not, but to be honest, it doesn't matter that
much. I don't think any P2P activism needs to be based on the belief in
imminent doom.... from peak oil to structural unemployment. If it helps,
then that's good I guess, but fear is a risky motivational technique. It
tends to spin out of control.

@_date: 2009-11-02 12:20:17
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] organic architecture and post-scarcity 
For those who have never seen the Fab Tree Hab here is the link
I was thinking that it might be possible to use that sort of architecture
for skyscrapers, and this would make it possible to use non-market signals
to grow new habitats for people as needed, without as much concern for the
fixity of land and reduce the urgency for seasteads or space colonies, which
are even less practical.

@_date: 2009-11-02 13:18:17
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P and Post-scarcity Propaganda 
Documentaries can be one of the most effective ways of getting a message
across. We don't have a lot of really slick propaganda for our cause, but
recently I have seen some nice indie documentaries that advocate very
similar positions as us. I have a few quibbles with these videos, but
ultimately they are excellent works and should be widely distributed.
In addition to more documentaries, to improve the effectiveness of our memes
we need to rally around certain easily recognizable slogans, logos, and so
There are some slick enterprises, no doubt, such as MakerBot, Ponoko, MAKE
Magazine, etc. Though, these are for specific for-profit organizations
rather than our ideas or our movement as a whole. The best example currently
is probably the Pirate Party which ironically embraces the term pirate,
despite the real pirates being their enemies, the RIAA and MPAA. A sense of
humor helps. Though this is only one small piece of the puzzle. Their
reaction against intellectual property only seems to extend to media and
We need to construct a coherent narrative, and in these dark economic days
it should be easier than usual.

@_date: 2009-11-25 23:08:12
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 25, Issue 88 
I am listening. Unfortunately, I haven't much to add beyond "moar robots!"
You guys have some great discussions on here.... but I think the private
nature of these discussions is rather pointless, and I think the mailing
list format is less efficient than a forum. I think these discussions need
to be heard by as many people as possible.

@_date: 2009-10-04 20:50:40
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gotta read this 
While I would agree with Ryan's general take on the matter, namely, his
disappointment with the apparent schizophrenia of the US, which has been the
primary driver for technological, social, and economic innovation for most
of the past century. However, I do have some differences other certain
First, I would disagree that the US is different on a state-by-state basis.
The world is a much smaller place because of communications technology and
in my extensive travels around the US, including such out of the way places
as Alaska, the striking thing I have noticed is the homogeneity of our daily
life. The cultural differences are mainly superficial. Alaska might use
snowmobiles to use McDonald's drive thru, but that isn't exactly a
qualitative change. We Americanize everything. We have Taco Bell and Panda
Express and the Washington Redskins, but they all use the same models that
Ray Kroc developed 50 years ago.
I think the core-periphery model applies very well to the US in the sense
that the rich and the poor, the "liberal" and the "conservative," tend to be
diffuse and often in very close proximity to each other in a scattered sort
of way. If you look at detailed electoral maps and income maps of the US,
the variation is striking. Hyde Park, where Obama is from, and where the
University of Chicago is located (the institution which claims more Nobel
Laureates than any other in the world), is just blocks away from Englewood,
famous for having higher murder rates than Iraq.
Another piece of the puzzle is cyberbalkanization, a term coined by one of
Obama's most hated (read: best) "czars," is to blame for much of it. Even
Glenn Beck commented on this, though without using the term. Because of the
exponential increase in media outlets and discussion groups, including this
one, there are now thousands of mini echo chambers each talking past one
another and becoming further and further estranged from one another. We pick
and choose exactly which sources we want to view, and filter out anything we
don't wish to see.... with RSS and tagging we can even filter out stuff from
within our preferred sources. One of the effects is all the loony conspiracy
theories now gaining traction. Yet the geographical locations of each of
these cyberbalkanized groups look about the same as those electoral maps,
income maps, etc. They are diffuse.
I notice after watching extended amounts of MSNBC, CNN, and FOX that I
become terrified of the sorts of things which David Michael Green is talking
about. However, this week I haven't watched television at all and merely
used my narrow online media sources and RSS feeds, and my attitude is
entirely changed. I no longer feel an urgent desire to stock up on guns at
least.In fact, my thoughts on a lot of these types of things have been all
over the map lately, and while I wouldn't want to project this onto my
fellow countrymen, I do tend to think this is part of our current zeitgeist,
or collective consciousness, or what have you. We are at the brink of deep
structural change.
Yet, one fact which remains is the astonishingly low amount of political
interest and participation on the part of the general public, and it seems
the political hysteria may in fact be only in intellectual circles. Voting
rates are very low. While cable news generally gets a couple million viewers
per night in total, our nation's population is close to 300 million. We are
very distracted and deluged by media, video games, facebook quizzes,
twittering, texting, and such.
Of course this is both a natural flaw of human beings and a creation of our
educational system which, as The Big Crunch article which Paul linked to
argues, is structured to polish the "gems" and discard the vast majority of
the "dirt."  It is a good example of one of the many tipping points which
are happening simultaneously, along with structural unemployment, the
unenforceability of intellectual property, skyrocketing healthcare costs,
Open Source, etc etc etc. In systems-theoretic terms, we are at the cusp of
It seems that the 2 Party System, unless some truly outstanding Republican
figures arise, will simply have to crumble, and we may end up as a
single-party system or multi-party, but this is the least of the changes
which will be occurring simultaneously.
I think the educational system described by the Big Crunch paper explains a
lot about why the US is where it is, and since an informed electorate is the
most crucial aspect of any functioning democracy, we are going to be in big
trouble if we can't come up with a radically new educational paradigm.
Intellectual self-defense is the most crucial skill in the age of
cyberbalkanization. We need critical, reflexive people to make informed
decisions as citizens, consumers, and entrepreneurs.
My generation, the Millenials, were raised in those strange years between
the fall of the Soviet Union and 9/11 when our nation was completely
unmatched on every possible measure, and there appeared to be absolutely no
existential threats. Politics consisted of endless play-by-play coverage of
the Monica Lewinsky scandal. Yet, my generation was also forced into
political awareness with the shock of 9/11. Relatively speaking, we have a
keen social consciousness according to most statistics (volunteerism, public
service, etc), and were the first generation to grow up with computers.
Perhaps there is some hope in this generation, and the growing alternatives
to both markets and governments, as embodied by the P2P movement. Perhaps
the paradigm shift to this will be as bloodless as the overthrow of
Encyclopedia Britannica by Wikipedia. Not too many molotovs in that
revolution, from what I hear.
Yet, it isn't inconceivable that the nation could fracture or collapse, but
considering the statistics, I can't imagine many geographical borders larger
than a few square blocks that would contain homogenous
cultural/political/social views. I really think what we are seeing will be
unprecedented, and likely very strange.
If Factor e Farm or something similar takes off, perhaps Panarchy will take
off, as they seem to be hoping. Though I doubt it could remain an
evolutionarily stable state for long. Natural Selection will continue to
select for virulent systems and actually think Alexander Wendt's recent work
arguing that World Government is inevitable makes a strong point... or at
least elucidates the structural properties which make higher levels of
organization likely (and even desirable).
The EU seems like it may be closer to adopting the Lisbon Treaty, but even
this model isn't really the future we seem to be heading toward. We will
likely see more distributed non-state actors, global guerillas, open source
revolutionaries, resilient communities, and so forth, but they will also
almost certainly form transnational coalitions to create mutually agreed
upon organizational apparatuses and alliances at both regional and global

@_date: 2009-10-04 21:00:00
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gotta read this 
Please ignore my flagrant typos in the first two paragraphs. :)

@_date: 2009-10-05 01:16:00
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gotta read this 
Quantitatively speaking, since the US is the largest national economy, it
shouldn't be surprising that the US also provides the greatest foreign aid
Qualitatively, the US government doesn't give away as big of a percentage of
their GDP as other governments. However, the government, in effect,
subsidizes public charity by making it tax deductible. The US's private
contributions should put the US on comparable footing to other nations in
foreign aid. The Europeans give about 1% of GDP, from what I have seen. I
actually think the idea that Europeans are oh so compassionate and
cosmopolitan is a sort of myth-making as well... not that these are even
good measures of compassion.
There are at least two dark sides to this. First, foreign aid distributed by
the government is often little more than bribery to corrupt dictators. This
was especially true during the Cold War.
Second, foreign aid from the private sector is often given with religious
fundamentalist strings attached. Want some bibles with your soup, little
african boy? Haha, just kidding, you don't have a choice in the matter. The
fact that this stuff is subsidized by the tax system is not, in my mind,
necessarily a good thing.

@_date: 2009-10-05 16:18:07
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] RSS Feed 
I found a script which can convert the p2p-research archive into an RSS
feed. Perhaps this could be implemented?

@_date: 2009-10-07 15:57:54
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
The anti-vaccine movement, led by noted experts Jenny McCarthy and Jim
Carrey, seems to have a PR problem at the very least, but the
anti-fluoridation movement has been a longstanding right wing cause promoted
by organizations such as the John Birch Society. Now, reverse stupidity
isn't intelligence, so the facts are what matter in both cases.
Nevertheless, I think the facts are against you in both, not that I wouldn't
be all for more research regarding the safety of both.
Fluoride is especially high in green tea, though not as high as that article
claims. Yet, green tea is now almost universally accepted as one of the
healthiest drinks on the planet. Fluoride has been studied for quite some
time. Wikipedia has many great links to primary sources. Even though the
site you linked to seemed to be merely a "health" site, it just recycled a
lot of the demonstrably false anti-fluoridation propaganda from the birchers
and similar groups.
I know some people are trying to build left-right anti-authoritarian
coalitions, but there is just no hope for the "teabaggers" and it would be
worse than futile to attempt any such thing.
The anti-vaccine movement is a bit more complex, and the idea about a
possible connection between measles and autism is interesting. Though the
hysteria surrounding all vaccines is overgeneralizing even if one totally
accepts the measles hypothesis. The stuff about lead which is repeated a lot
is just nonsense. The cost-benefit arguments you make are the most
convincing, and I would stick to that angle.
I think you are absolutely right that there can be more effective policy
options. As a utilitarian, I'd argue it is our moral duty to seek them. I
know many others would feel the same way if presented with that evidence.
True, tugging on heartstrings or even wallet-strings doesnt seem to work as
potently as fearmongering, but are you sure you want to go that route? What
kind of prefigurative politics is that?
I know both industries, the vaccines and fluoride, have a sort of systemic
conflict of interest, but there are safeguards and peer review to prevent
abuse. While I too would like to see profit taken out of the equation via
open source, public options, etc, I don't think fearmongering is going to
help that cause. Promoting it will undoubtedly just create a frankenstein's

@_date: 2009-09-26 11:36:41
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Helping the Helpless (formerly: Only the 
While I certainly understand the sentiment here, I would argue that there
are some fundamental problems with that analogy, which I have seen you use
to good effect now more than once. I think it may perhaps reveal some
underlying differences, either some form of non-utilitarian ethical system
or some anthropocentric bias.
Cows have been selectively bred for centuries in order to emphasize their
docile milk-producing natures, and it is now to the point where they could
not even survive in the wild. Second, even animals in the wild are extremely
lacking in intelligence and experience tremendous amounts of suffering. I
would posit that it is the job of higher intelligences to do what is
reasonably in their power to care for the less able, and that the goal of
our civilization and increasingly advanced technological civilization should
be the abolition of suffering in all sentient life. Just as it is our duty
to care for a crying infant, it is our duty to care for all sentient beings
on the planet which are involuntarily suffering.
We are responsible for suffering even if we are not its cause. David Pearce
speaks goes so far as to advocate the necessity to create a pan-species
welfare state, and this is reasonable in the case of animals, the typical
response of post-scarcity people to provide the means of production is
untenable considering that these creatures are not capable of caring for
themselves. When we enter into the Age of Abundance, projects like this
become possible, and what nobler goal could there be?
We are about, and indeed morally obligated, to decommission natural
selection. Using nanotech, biotech, brain-computer interfaces, artificial
intelligence, and so forth, we will be able to modify the planetary genome,
ecosphere, climate, geography, and indeed every aspect of our material
environment. We will decide which creatures continue to come into being, and
more precisely, which genes come into being. Here is a perfect articulation
of this point by Pearce:
"It is easy to romanticise, say, tigers or lions and cats. We admire their
magnificent beauty, strength and agility. But we would regard their notional
human counterparts as wanton psychopaths of the worst kind. So just as there
is no need to recreate the natural habitat of smart, blond, handsome Nazi
storm-troopers who can then prey on their natural victims (and Nazis are a
no less natural and noteworthy pattern of matter and energy thrown up in the
course of evolution, albeit of a type now fortunately extinct), likewise the
practice of continuing to breed pre-programmed feline killing machines in
homage to Nature is ethically untenable too. It is not, needless to say, the
fault of cats that they are prone to torturing mice; but then, given the
equations of physics, it isn't the fault of Nazis they try to persecute
Jews. This is no reason to let them continue to do so."
How to best achieve the equivalent of a pan-species welfare state has been
something I have pondered for awhile now. My anti-authoritarian instincts
warn me against attempting to do this under centralized contexts. Yet
perhaps there is some way to bootstrap into a decentralized mechanism to do
this via the majority of the human population choosing to heighten their
individual empathy and compassion (though perhaps with some sort of neuro
micro-kernel which could switch it off when under threat, to avoid
vulnerability to manipulative baseline humans), sort of like a humanity-wide
MDMA trip.
Here's yet another excellent passage from Pearce's work:

@_date: 2009-09-26 16:03:52
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Helping the Helpless 
I just wanted to agree with both Kevin's and Ryan's comments, but with
Kevin, while I would say that there has been genetic consequences resulting
from the history of centralized power structures, I do not think that they
are all that strong. Our higher reasoning abilities may actually have
increased. Our brains have increased in size in the past 650 years.
Perhaps this is just part of the Flynn Effect, or maybe it is something
else. Certainly in civilized society intelligence is clearly seen as an
indicator of sexual fitness, and even intelligence and sperm motility seem
to be correlated. While we may be woefully uninformed as a whole, this is
not because of a natural ability deficit. Thus, we are clearly capable of
making choices. Not infrequently do we make choices to revolt against
authority structures, in spite of any minor selection pressure for docility.
There are plenty of selection pressures going the other way as well. A lack
of assertiveness is seen as weakness by potential mates. Conditions of
geography, climate, and material scarcity also seem to select for
selfishness, aggressiveness, etc... though simultaneously we have a higher
level of cultural evolution and world-system evolution taking place which is
selecting for people who can function well by capitalist logic... thus we
see multiculturalism, teamwork, entrepreneurship and simultaneously docility
selected for.
So it is a very complex matter, and we can't make any simple
generalizations, except that we can say with empirical evidence that certain
genes promote certain temperaments, and we can speak of how we might like to
see them changed. Would we like to increase compassion? Increase pleasure
capacities? Under what mode of production? (capitalism? socialism? open
source?) Etc. For me it is a pragmatic matter.
Ryan, your definition of pragmatism is consequentialist in nature, and
likely utilitarian. I am a staunch utilitarian, as is David Pearce. The
criteria by which we determine what works "best" is how it affects the
subjective experience of the sentient beings which are being considered.
Now there are a lot of paradoxes in this worldview, such as the Utility
Monster or the Repugnant Conclusion, but most of them only deal with certain
types of utilitarianism (preference utilitarianism, classical
utilitarianism, hedonism, etc), and even still they can usually be dispelled
by taking a more holistic approach. Yet the ultimate goal of producing some
variation of the idea of the "maximum happiness for the maximum number"
remains unchanged.

@_date: 2010-04-25 08:38:03
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pay-it-forward Mutuals and Cooperatives 
I am especially interested in feedback from Kevin and Patrick, but anyone is
free to respond.
I was wondering what examples of mutuals and cooperatives there are which
are currently serving the mainstream US consumer market. I can think of a
few insurance mutuals and credit unions, community supported agriculture,
and igo carsharing which are all close to the mutualist ideal, but all of
them fall short and only make up a tiny share of the overall market. By the
way, if anyone has other examples of current institutions I would love to
hear them.
Why is this the case? One of the main things I have tried to drive home for
people interested in post-scarcity models is the incredible resilience and
viral nature of the standard mode of production. This can not be emphasized
The main elements which contribute to this incredible resilience include:
limited liability, shareholder ownership, fractional reserve banking,
monetarism, and keynesianism.
The only way to beat this system is to create something even more viral and
even more resilient. The method I am about to propose is likely
insufficient, but it is thinking along the proper lines.
Contract law can allow for pay-it-forward models that fit well within the
current system and should be philosophically inoffensive to most anyone.
The concept of Copyleft could easily be extended much further. I know many
people talk about gpl hardware, but I am thinking of extending it into
organizational structures.
I don't know how many of you have seen this, but there is a group called
Presumed Abundance that is trying to apply a pay-it-forward model to angel
I think this could work even better for gift economies.
Pay it forward skillsharing
Pay it forward reprapping
Pay it forward freecycling
Pay it forward couch surfing
Pay it forward carsharing
Pay it forward seed saving
There is already a lot of pay-it-forward stuff happening in these
communities, but it isn't formalized let alone institutionalized with
reputation systems or contracts.
Perhaps where it gets more interesting is when money is changing hands and
contracts are being signed. Cooperatives and mutuals could adopt a
pay-it-forward philosophy that is set in stone into the contracts.
If you are a mutual that is producing tools, you could stipulate in the
contract that the tools be placed into a tool library for at least some
minimum amount of time per year.
If you are a mutual that produces cars, you could stipulate that the cars be
lent to the Center for Neighborhood Technology for a certain minimum amount
of time.
If you are a cooperative that builds houses, you could stipulate that the
residents lend out their sofas for some minimum amount of time per year.
Then the second level would be the people who borrow the tools or the cars
or the sofas would then have to do the same for others. (there is no profit
that needs to be reinvested as with the Presumed Abundance example)
Pretty sweet.

@_date: 2010-02-02 01:36:29
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A proposal seeking your Endorsement 
I am a utilitarian above all else, and thus I only support actions with the
highest marginal utility. While I think much can be done in the political
sphere, I don't feel that this has the highest marginal utility for the
majority of people, at least at the international level. Clearly for those
already in positions of influence, the amount of effort to effect change is
minimal. Yet, for most of us we can probably do much more just by doing a
handful of things in our own lives to re-organize society from the
bottom-up. Moving your money to community banks and credit unions, going
vegetarian, participating in local politics, reducing wasteful consumption,
contributing to open source projects, etc. These are things that average
people can do that are meaningful.
Organizing conferences and even attending conferences is a lot of work, and
even big ones like the World Social Forum are often not much more productive
than would-be revolutionaries sitting around in coffee shops. I like the
global citizenship aspect of international/transnational organizing, and I
like the civil society aspect. However, I don't think one should attend
these thinking they are any more meaningful than attending an international
anime conference. Getting together is good simply because it provides some
much needed relief from the constant atomization of our daily life, but this
has more to do with personal gratification than changing the world.
If, in the unlikely event that it did amount to something, the fact that it
is so tied up with Chavez and the history of previous attempts should
clearly give us pause. What evidence do we have that these people have
learned anything whatsoever from previous revolutions-turned-tyrannies?
Perhaps attending as a dissenting voice, in the spirit of Baukunin's
participation at the First International, is worthwhile. Other than that,
what's the point? Take the time and money you would have spent on travel
expenses, and donate it to Factor e Farm, CubeSpawn, RepRap, or any of the
other wonderful projects that are poised to change the world.
If you are already a freegan off-the-grid open source fanatic with some
spare income and a modest amount of influential capacity, perhaps you could
consider international political activity.

@_date: 2010-02-03 21:24:43
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Applying utility functions to humans considered 
I don't see what this has to do with utilitarianism. Utilitarianism makes
*ought* claims not *is* claims regarding utility functions. In other words,
we should act according to a defined utility function even if our brain's
reward system displays ethical inconsistency. As for what that utility
function is... now there is a can of worms.
That said, certainly we should not see humans as rational actors. Contrary
to that article, I don't believe there are any theories out there that can
sufficiently compensate for our bundled up ball of biases with sprinkles of
Most recently behavioral economics has made some progress by not assuming
rationality, which is in fact just a return to the roots, as Adam Smith and
others made no pretensions about human rationality. However, every other
social science never forgot about biases.... from marketing to management to
negotiation theory to sociology to psychology.
This shouldn't even have to be mentioned, though I speculate it is worth
mentioning simply to contradict the absurd claims of extreme capitalists.
Though, having a more refined view of cognitive biases enhances one's power,
and I don't think such knowledge must necessarily overturn ideological
beliefs. Indeed, many advertising execs see absolutely no contradiction
between free market fundamentalism and human irrationality as studied by
psychology. In fact, it only heightens their ability to commit economic
Ok, I exaggerate.... maybe.
Message: 6
       considered      harmful
       DelSp="yes"
humans considered harmful via lesswrong: What's new on 2/3/10
Submitted by Kaj_Sotala 19 comments
There's a lot of discussion on this site that seems to be assuming
(implicitly or explicitly) that it's meaningful to talk about the
utility functions of individual humans. I would like to question this

@_date: 2010-02-28 23:07:52
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P, Basic Income, and Bankruptcy Law 
I was wondering how to deal with bankruptcy in a world with a Basic Income
provided by some combination of the p2p strategies, open manufacturing, and
Guaranteed Minimum Income programs
Considering that the formal economy would still exist, and presumably that
would still require defense of property rights.... which means even
anarchists must recognize that there will be some transition period with
state-managed property rights... how would bankruptcy be handled best?
If people can easily rest on their laurels after declaring bankruptcy, then
they certainly shouldn't be able to do it repeatedly. However, I am quite
averse to the notion of putting people in prison over this. Is there any
middle ground?
Perhaps you could just let the interest and late fees grow and grow forever
while you ignore it and just live off of the abundance generated....  is
that how most of you forsee the fall of the formal economy? The debt just
grows and grows but becomes meaningless. How would that play out? Seems like
it could be very messy, but perhaps not.
Speeding that process up with government-run Guaranteed Minimum Income
programs would be a bigger challenge, since people have negative
associations with "entitlements," and the Basic Income could easily be
stripped away if enough people stop paying their debts and then corporations
gain an overwhelming incentive for attacking the program.... and perhaps
instituting this program and chopping it down would be worse than doing
nothing at all. That scenario is the best argument against the Guaranteed
Minimum Income I have ever thought of.

@_date: 2010-03-13 20:10:12
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Game Modding - Indoctrinating the Next Generation of 
Thought this would be a nice change of pace from my usual ramblings on
abstract philosophy.
The only closed-source software that I have a guilty pleasure for is the
Elder Scrolls video game series. Before I was aware of Open Source
philosophy I just loved to tinker with computers, and had even installed
Mandrake Linux as a 12 year old just because I could. A bit later I came
across the game Morrowind. While the game itself is phenomenal, what really
set it apart and has held my interest for years is the modding community
around it. Bethesda Softworks did something very interesting with that game,
and released the Elder Scrolls Construction Kit. This kit gives users the
same awesome graphical development tool that the game itself was made on,
and provides the users with the ability to modify all of the game's content
as well as the ability to create new content.
Predictably, this created a tidal wave of mods. The modding community needed
to develop a set of common practices and utilities to manage this vast
quantity of mods, some of which overwrite the same parts of the game and
need to be cleaned, merged, or loaded in a certain order. Then other
utilities went a step further and decided to modify the game engine itself.
For a quick glimpse of what has happened with all of this you can compare
the original Morrowind
a fully moddedversion.
The sequel to Morrowind, called Oblivion, is far more graphically advanced.
It has followed this same philosophy and the mod community operates in the
exact same fashion. As does the game from the same company, Fallout 3. Some
of the modding utilities overlap quite a bit.
A list of Open Source elder scrolls utilities (in fact I can't think of any
good closed source ones that anyone actually uses):
Morrowind Graphics Extender  Morrowind Script Extender Exe Optimizer Wyre Mash Oblivion Mod Manager Oblivion Graphics
Oblivion Script Extender Oldblivion BOSS Wyre Bash PyFFI Also, most of the mods use the open source 7zip
compression utility, since it is the best one
in the world. Then there is a
project called OpenMW  to actually
reimplement the game content of Morrowind (for users with a purchased copy)
onto an open source game engine called OGRE, so it can be cross-platform,
further graphically enhanced, and so modders can have complete access to the
game engine. This is the project I am so excited about that I can hardly
contain myself, but it will take awhile to complete.
So on one hand you have the Utilities and on the other hand you have the
Mods, which may also include huge amounts of meticulously created art, 3d
models, music, storylines, and so forth. What I have noticed is that nearly
all of the Utilities are GPL licensed, but the modding community have an
entrenched peer-based IP enforcement system that is also supported by the
major mod websites such as TES Nexus and PlanetElderScrolls. They remove
lots of mods that are suspected of being "pirated" and such.
I would be surprised if any of the modders made a single dollar on any of
their mods. Nearly all of them are given away for free, and the vast
majority of users download them from these major websites as opposed to the
modder's websites. Thus, I doubt any even make money from ad revenue. So it
seems like attribution is the main issue here. Why then is there such a
frantic enforcement of IP? Surely a Creative Commons license or GPL would be
Because of this, I have noticed tons of hardships in the development of new
mods, and derivative works. Many of the old modders are unreachable, and so
their mods just sit around for years in an unfinished or buggy state, while
other modders salivate at the thought of incorporating it into new work.
Lots of wheels are reinvented, and lots of work is abandoned or made more
difficult than it needs to be.
Is this because of the nature of the communities? Programming makes so much
sense to be done as open source through sourceforge or github, but artists
are more tyrannical about their work because it is more subjective.
It would be nice for IP not to be routinized into these people, many of whom
are young. I was thinking of doing a sort of Open Letter to the Modding
Community.... only not because I want to stamp them out like Bill Gates, but
because I want them to embrace the GPL and Creative Commons. After this
thread I intend to.

@_date: 2010-03-13 22:04:31
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Game Modding - Indoctrinating the Next Generation of 
Oh I was just reading more about Morroblivion ,
because this is a project that has run into some of the most difficulties
relating to Intellectual Property. Bethesda has this policy that they don't
like content being shared between their games, even if you use an automated
import process instead of bundling in any of the old content and thus making
it clear that both legally purchased games are required.
Now, this has lead to Morroblivion threads being banned from all Bethesda
forums, and other such things. I came across one especially deranged
is now convinced it is all an Illuminati conspiracy. The absurdity of
all is what has lead him to this ridiculous conclusion. Being an elder
scrolls fan, his theories were hilarious to read.
Actually, maybe that vindicates IP. Yay absurdity! Hail Eris!

@_date: 2010-03-14 09:01:08
@_author: Edward Miller 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Game Modding - Indoctrinating the Next Generation of 
Hi Michel,
I will have something for you by tonight. Though I would love to hear
other thoughts before then.
