
@_date: 2010-08-27 07:51:39
@_author: mrc 
@_subject: [p2p-research] rants on sociometry 
heey, i'm lost in a research, so maybe i'm just trolling..... please asist
this lammer if u can, thanx.
what's the relation of this with p2p.?
"As the ...science of group organization, it attacks the problem not from
the outer structure of the group, the group surface, but from the inner
So as the rest of "social things", it depends lots on the real
parameters-values the group has choosen to give points to. however:
distributed sociometry is ever posible? sociometric points are always
finite within a group? are roles finite too? should roles be mainly
offered by just a member of the group  ?
(for example: the queers probably don't like sociometry? )
the quantity and quality of traffic... on a-some ('fair') human (tending
to) p2p network, how is that ammount of P2Pism quantified and qualified? can you direct me to some measurers?
i think i heard about unitarization needed for p2p, so.. p2pmetrics makes
any sense.. ?
sorry about this if no sense at all... i'll find 'it' out somehow else....

@_date: 2010-06-26 11:11:29
@_author: mrc 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FYI: hi! things i'm into 
hi, new subscriber here.[0]
i'm into the build up of apps in this way:
  (trendy keyword, isn't it? :)
it is an original directed barter+etc plot.
this one has just started, it's kind of vaporware for now. but with a good
where this
 is probably the best bet.
please review, comment, etc.
i have also developed many tasty docs, most in spanish, about fair
exchange or barter. which im planing to translate into english when i'll
find a suitable wiki. i most than welcome criticism towards the fair
exchange concept, as i am a very critic person with the ambiguity of the
commons and the sharing when they are not shareful. (tends to be
oversubjectively interpreted, so unconsistent).
in fact, i dont believe in exchange i guess.. or it's barter or it's a
swindle.... maybe not need for adding fair to barter. and there is free
barter too!
[0] i'm a mail filterless man, so
a) i'll be browsing the archives and sending some bumps for threads and/or
b) sending randoms without reading the archive as a mad poet would do. to
add a bit of fun, ok?

@_date: 2010-09-03 10:05:19
@_author: mrc 
@_subject: [p2p-research] rants on sociometry 
These are bits worth for me to mention now about when having read some
sociometric papers:
*History of sociometry:
Flaw explained at the end(Similar to what happens at
Sociobiology-memetics, economic$, and etc.
*Benefits of Exploring Group Member Connections in a Therapy Group
"[...]I describe the connections between people in the group like a number of
strings stretched between people forming a net. When those strings are
strong, people can take risks, knowing if they fell off the high wire
there was a safety net under them. If the net gets frayed or weak in
places, then I like to help those places become strong again. Everyone
benefits from the
safety and the examples of courageous people facing their lives directly and
not hiding and being scared."
Most of the times it helps a lot for not having sociometric lacks to be
courageous at looking at your inside and choose to modify part of your
values' scale(=concurrency solutions) that falacelly were pushing you to
belong to that group or predefined 'conventional' set which made you
require therapy for yourself, and other groups instead in the first place.
ok, if you can and they let you.. lol.
Apart of this, i got many tips for groups dynamics facilitating
techniques, ...

@_date: 2010-09-03 10:16:47
@_author: mrc 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [rant] p2p values for projects 
Creating a p2p values (was:Companion concepts?) page makes sense? or is
just redundant on an hipothetic better place like "P2P metrics
values found" ?
I'd like also to read the /Intention and /Depth pages(they are not), which
if they have some specific p2p personality further than the flat network
one (..i don't know..), i'll directly sugest to be part of the values - c
if there are top c. concepts-values like the typical "sustainable" one,
intention and depth could be ok just mentioning they are dependant
children of the top ones...  for less needing of adjectivizing them, (in
i guess i'm (mis)researching for "Distributed as in p2pf (or p2pfv or p2p
v)"... for getting bits or all of it for Shareful as in x.
(Thinking on a posible case for adding a value or not or which)
If seeing a protocol (as in 'human' convention, i.e.: project's terms of
contributing) just an axiomatic approach?
If so, protocol quality is the less axiomatic it is defined? and the most
complying aproach made is another type of quality or a complementary part
of the 'whole' one? do they both require a minimum, so which?
i. e. distributed(?) project that need many meetings:
For a group the most need of 'a'(centralized!) meeting beyond just for
having fun, the less usable it is.
so: High usability(or other) or open-accesible is enough for p2pv?
=See also=
shareful project for producing shareful goods
shareful project for producing shareable goods
shareable project for producing shareable goods (group property, i don't
(shareable) project for producing shareful goods (mmm... which
cases-reasons for not being shareful project instead... mmm...)
i wonder whether i could save the first 'shareful' for something like: p2p
project for producing shareful goods
actually i use the not enough:
"free project" is for producing shareable and shareful goods
not enough because there's the:
(peer production=*) shareful (...=-and-or p2p...) project for producing
shareful goods.
which needs a specific term for this type of "free project".
*p2p relations within a p2p network (p production?)
p2p relations within a network (p property?)
relations within a p2p network (p gov?)
Because projects is a better thing than groups for avoiding flatland
'traps'. Projects is a promise of a future offer and shareful is an offer,
so shareful project will not make a difference between a promise of a
goods' offer and a goods' offer, which can lead to conflict.
Buut-So: "p2p project for producing shareful", or "p2p shareful production
(project)" or "peer shareful production (project)" is more acurate but
less short and intuitive than "shareful project" or redefining "free
project" erasing "shareable" and keeping just the "shareful production"
as far as i know, peer production can be shareable and not
shareful(=universally offered) so "peer production(, economy, etc.)
project" doesn't fit these needs.
did you arive reading up to here?..... wow!.. any hint? :)
normal that strategic forces will try to instrumentalize human
relationality in one way or another, but, flatland and measurable peer
relations resemble more non-intentional and non-human dynamics,
distributed sociometry is ever posible? sociometric points are always
finite within a group? are roles finite too? should roles be mainly
offered by just a member of the group  ?
Updates:
