
@_date: 2009-07-22 02:37:45
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] if you have time ... 
Tightening the belt? - consider it a healthy diet!
Michel has asked me to shortly discuss an essay or condensed talk called
"A Message to the Nearly Converted" by Jason Bradford which appeared in
the Oil Drum, an website devoted to "Discussions about Energy and Our
In this essay he starts with noting that we are also in an "obesity
crisis" and that this crisis could be described as a complex interaction
of organic failures like the death of a person that had lived a very
unhealthy life. Economic growth can be compared to obesity. There is still
a large cognitive dissonance in society between accepting the idea of the
disease but still living within it. The "economic relation with nature" is
still unnoticed.
"We have to repay our debt to Bank of Nature. This sounds scary, and is a
huge project, but ultimately we have no choice so let?s not whine and
delay. Let?s take it on as a great adventure, a thrilling challenge. Our
success or failure is going to hinge on our attitude. We need to take
control of the circumstances instead of being passive and expecting
someone else to solve the problems we create each day by the way we live."
He describes the incredible story of a "soccer mum" who turned into a
promotor of a transition town initiative, and how this has acted out on
the daily life of herself and the kids:
"These days, our kids dash home from school eager to get started on
planting, or raising seedlings, or canning tomatoes, or drying pears. They
hop on their bicycles and ride through the neighborhood, giving away extra
lettuce, tomatoes and berries from our garden. Their little acts of
sharing build community. Neighbors drop in with gifts for our kids ? like
an old tub to wash carrots in, a blueberry bush, a jar of pie filling,
pumpkin seeds, and a recipe for granola bars. My children have become
self-appointed ambassadors for this urban homestead lifestyle by talking
about it to our neighbors and their friends, and using it as the subject
for school writing assignments and projects."
The message is of the kind we utterly need: adressing the issue of
dramatical change of lifestyle is much easier if we consider it as a way
of doing sports or exercise and combine it with the understanding of the
necessity to do the transition at the same time and take joy in the
losses. Spot an opportunity for everything loss!
The central meme is that of changing jobs, and its a good message to us
that are in the p2p business: the new jobs will not be provided by the old
"Another great option that widens the circle is to start a business. This
may sound funny from someone telling you the economy is never going to
rebound. While the economy we have now will shrink, we do need something
sustainable to grow in its place. Because of financial instability and
expensive oil, I see a process of decentralization occurring. Whereas in
the past factories in China and Taiwan could be relied upon to deliver,
that won?t be the case in the future. Small local shops or regional
factories can be amazingly productive at building the new products we will
need to take care of basic needs like developing sustainable food,
shelter, energy and water systems."
We will be in need of a large host of tools. There are few businesses yet
to fill the need, and that means opportunity:
"Can you go downtown where you live, walk into a store and purchase a
solar oven or a cargo trailer for your bike? Can you test-ride an electric
bike? Will a local contractor readily install a rainwater harvesting
system for your home, or a gray water wetland that irrigates your yard? Do
you have a local seed company that tests and packages cultivars for your
bioregion? Is anybody making prepared foods like soups and stews using
local, seasonal ingredients? I hope you are seeing some potential by now."
There are new jobs and there is potential. It is basically local, and its
basically built therefore on global cooperation. Preparing for the local
renaiscance might be the largest and the last global market in history.
P2P is there in many forms: from renaiscance of commons - based local
economies to global sharing and development of information and designs,
backed by enterprises who know how to be really economical.

@_date: 2009-07-27 11:35:06
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "not a commons".... 
p2presearch at listcultures.org / Ryan schreibt:
and Michel states
I think this kind of "dispossesing crow(d)sourcing" is even something we
should vigorously fight !!
We never published the story of emporis.com, because the people involved
did not want to risk conflict, but it still stands out as "a lead bad
example for good."
The creators took the work of thousands of people to create enormous
commercial value. They gardened the crowdsourcing well like an oil field.
Big success. I think they "realized" (turned into money)  the commercial
value somehow already.....You researchers should dive ito this case study,
I promise you findings!
Ant they still "grant allowance" for people to throw there enthusiasm and
energy in this: "Professionals from the building industry and people with
a love for architecture are allowed (!!!) to participate in the completion
of information."
One day - when the rules of the game will finally have changed - this will
be obviously heavily scandalized. The day is not far any more, since the
commons / p2p economy tipping point is in sight. By for now its just the
dream web2.0 story any entrepreneur is dreaming of.
Again this is a case to consider the enacting of the fairware idea - even
for intellectual commons that are turned into commercialized services. It
will fill the gap between amateur and professional world that we are so
heavily suffering of and which distorts the p2p meme in public.

@_date: 2009-06-02 14:30:37
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] launch of p2p art section 
Thanks for welcoming that Michel.
I was inspired by Yutta Saltiens Grrenys project - which actually has
moved many people to participate in the Bosporus plan. So we had music but in art we have maybe even bigger diversity ...

@_date: 2009-06-13 09:49:33
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Ecology 
Sorry Michel I cant do anything but fly over the messages in P2P research
from time to time; the discussion is really interesting (especially I
liked Smaris rant about anarchism with many good insights). but for me at
least part of the discussion is less important than the practical
experiment. I think it is utterly important to rally around common
activities or ongoing projects and describe them better. Let us demand to
test what really works. It could as belief-blowing as a succesful test of
nuclear fusion, and similarily uncomfortable and disturbing even for the
enlightened mind. For example, I think we will not have a satisfactory
answer to the money problem unless we really put different proposals to
work out in regional scale (including what I still would prefer to
describe as non-reciprocal gift economies, commons-based contribution
economies and other schemes, keeping in mind that really the property
question remains n fact central). And we all as different as we are have a
clearly defined common interest to let such things like experiments in
social innovation happen, and at a higher level, we should be able to
formulate such an interest and give it political form - and also give some
part of our energy to the promotion of such experiments. Never before the
public ear has been more receptive to such proposals, but I see more than
ever before nothing but idiots dominating the political scene who just
claim to have a clue to everything.
This has to change radically. There is incredible thirst for another
anwer. And I hope that we will be able to discuss that soon when we meet.
Furthermore and regarding the currently most promising social experiment
and its implications, I issued a post on the globalvillages list and added
a second one to stimulate our communities to take part in the critical
phase of transformation of Open Source Ecology into a virtual global
endavour. Its simply not true that developments like these could happen
spontaneusly, it needs a lot of help and participation and critical
cooperation of intellectuals and bright minds. I see my function as a
door-opener who facilitates mental and communicational bridges between
people and the many meaningful movements that construct the patterns of
In this sense, I would just like to draw your attention and the attention
of all readers of the p2presearch list to the following two posts:
where I describe the current phase of the project and ask for
participation in a particular project
where I seek to make a point against underestimation of this movement also
within our own circles.
both posts are meant for broader distribution.
Thank you

@_date: 2009-05-03 12:43:01
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
unbelievable: Austrian National Broadcasting Web portal brings a feature
on alternative currencies as todays headliner!
"Und der US-Trendforscher Douglas Rushkoff ist zumindest ?berzeugt, dass
diese Komplement?r- oder Parallelw?hrungen in naher Zukunft einen Boom
erleben werden.
F?r Rushkoff ist es der logische n?chste Schritt in der "Evolution des
Geldes", wie das US-Magazin "Portfolio" online berichtete. Er schl?gt etwa
"Craigsbucks" vor - also eine eigene W?hrung f?r Craigslist, die weltweit
beliebte Website mit Immobilienkleinanzeigen."

@_date: 2009-05-19 09:43:38
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
sorry for just looking occasionally into this list, I feel that the shere
amount of postings makes it undreadable and proves there is no real focus.
I was just provoqued by Ryans posting to do a short comment on the Labor
Theory of Value
The Labour Theory of Value is not about value people *set*. Its rather a
property of the system and a natural law which is inflicted upon people,
like the law of gravity, and as the airplane is no proof against the law
of gravity the seeming "violations" of LTV can be explained and have been
explained best by nobody else but Marx himself. The popular image of Marx
is a curse, it seems many people talk about him but have not really read
Here is a message from Austria, saying that there is more than one modern
Marx had a very classic argument this: what determines the quantity of
value if demand and supply of a good are equal? The indifference curves and exchange relations of microeconomics are based
on given value, not expaining it.
Thats an enormous blunder. Because prices are determined by the average
social labour, there is both:
* a penalty for those who work below average productivity  - the penalty
felt by authoritarian socialist economics who wantet to mingle with world
* an incentive for those who produce above productivity to collect extra
surplus value. The reason why producivity is constantly boosted in
capitalistic economies without systemic considerations.
Far away from not being able to explain productivity, the LTV is the only
theory that really can explain it. And more than that: only the LTV
explains why capital even cares to become producing capital.
just my 2 cents.

@_date: 2009-05-19 10:47:17
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 153 
(quoting me)
Actually I do not seek scarcity, but efficiency. There is nothing wrong
with abundance, even not in discussion groups; but I would appreciate the
work of condensation and referencing, because I have about 50 mailing
lists to consider day by day.
Actually I do not think that money can contribute to the solution of this
promlem ;-)

@_date: 2009-05-19 11:10:22
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 153 
I think in general it would be good to organize around themes.
I prefer that there are research groups that report or alert in a central
(this) list.
the NING is largely underused and has no real function currently.
Theme groups or research groups should gave constructive goals related to
p2p production. They should look for 3e - evidence, example and experiment.
of course this is "shoulds".
its not really my house ;-) and I am far from having organized mine.

@_date: 2009-05-19 13:56:06
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 157 
p2presearch at listcultures.org schreibt:
I strongly support this idea; you can subscribe and unsubscribe tto a
topic in NING, and you can always give short accounts with links here..
The best thing is to activate our NING groups. Actuially I was surprised
that there are only 3 groups there and one of them was created on a
subject that I proposed. What a surprise!
So we have
  (waiting for maintainer)
  (kind of temporary, should be
I agree that it is good to have constant reporting on the development of
topics in one place, could be here.
This is also the place where new topics could be born and discussed before
moving to their respective group....

@_date: 2009-05-19 22:46:03
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
Sorry, I was not prepared for that kind of misunderstanding .... the Marx
that you have so vigorously critizised is neither normatively nor
otherwise positively related to Labour Theory of Value. He is just saying
that in a society where there is no a priori arrangement of division of
labour actors are doomed to have the social validity of their efforts in
the form of value. And, with the inevitability of a law of nature, the
aberration from social average productivity by what reason ever will
depreciate their labour.
There is no canonical acceptance of some text here but a logical step of
thoughts. If a society treats value as an objective property of things,
something which Marx called fetishism, value can be deciphered as the form
of their social action totally separated from their willfull influence.
Value is not money and value is not not money. Money is the form of a
content which is relational, a chaotic everlasting process (as long as
commodity production exists) for the validity of a commodity as part of
the societies labor.
The fact that money gets a life of its own is based on that fundamental
relation. Did I clarify your misunderstanding?

@_date: 2009-05-20 08:45:37
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
lets give it a try
well, yes. But even the perspective of fairness deserves some attention.
Its an ideal build on conflicting interests. I try to avoid such ideals
which are like Fata Morganas, only there to keep us going and justify the
setting. But, yes. Thank you for acknowledging that.
Well, yes. This way to describe labour, value and money is not standard in
the world, but its pretty strong in the german - speaking world. I would
not call it theorlogical, but just logical. In fact the ones who talk
about value like a physical quality (and most followers of Marx did) are a
highly metaphysical breed.
The buzzword is "value-form". in German "Wertformanalyse". One of the
theorists who did a good and acceptable comment on "the Kapital" is Mike
Roth, and he describes both the method and the content here:
"The response of German Marxist intellectuals in the de-Stalinisation era
has been somewhat different from the French. With the bitter historical
experience of a failed revolution, Fascism and the taking over of East
Germany by a party bureaucracy, West German intellectuals have been much
more radical in their reappraisal of Marx's theory and have turned to
systematically re-evaluating the roots of marxism - Capital. Stimulated by
the work of Hans Georg Backhaus (1965), Hans-J?rgen Krahl (1965), Helmut
Reichelt (1970), Alfred Schmidt (1962, 1969) and the publication of Roman
Rosdolsky's book (1968) together with the political conjuncture of the
'students movement' - a reconstruction of Capital has been worked on,
under the banner of value-form analysis (Wertformanalyse). The long term
aim of this work has been to continue the project begun by Marx with
Capital, with a theory of the bourgeois state, as Marx had initially
planned. Capital has been treated as a raw material to be worked over in
the attempt to give an adequate account of capitalist economy. Following
Marx, this comes down to an analysis of the forms and movement of
objectified social labour ? value-form analysis."
"Dialectical thinking.... overcomes this limitation (finite-ness) of
ordinary reasoning by making the claim of determining the sequence in
which the elements of everyday knowledge can be brought into play. This
does not mean that dialectical thinking seeks to deny elements of everyday
knowledge, but rather it asserts the claim to determine the place where
they can be introduced into the argument. The presentation thereby opens
itself to being tested by everyday knowledge and in the course of the
dialectic the totality of everyday knowledge comes to be asserted. This
claim means nothing other than introducing a systematic order into the
dialectic between the presentation and everyday knowledge. The dialectic
can pick up an element of knowledge and temporarily exclude others by
means of assumptions of presentation, i.e. assumptions are made at certain
points in the presentation which recognise an aspect of bourgeois society
under simplifying conditions. For example, at the beginning of Capital,
the everyday knowledge that the form that wealth takes in our society is
the commodity form is admitted, while at the same time excluding those
commodities, such as land, which are not the product of labour. The
everyday knowledge excluded at a particular point in the presentation is
admitted later on through the relaxation of the assumption of
presentation. With regard to the example, the exclusion of land as a
commodity from the presentation is relaxed in Part VI of Volume III where
ground-rent is systematically taken into account."
Marx tries to avoid any dogmatic introduction of the labor theory of
value; as stated above, he tries to take up everyday experience and derive
some conclusions from it. The everyday experience is that value is
seemingly a quality of things, but also is no physical quality in broadest
sense. Its not just lip-service to LTV what he is doi8ng here; in fact he
is revolutionizing LTV because he denies anything like a "natural price". When a commodity has value and has use-value, the latter being related to
physical qualities, what is value? Why does it appear to be a objective
and seemingly even physical quality? This can only be expressed by the
relation of thwo things, which Marx calls the "simple value form". In this
relation, the two commodities are compared but the comparison is a weird
one: Commodity B in its physical quantity serves to represent the Value of
Commodity A. if you look closewr on this relation you understand the
nature of value and even the roots of all crisis.
Many mistook commodity fetishism as a strange addition to theory of value.
The assertion of the German marxist re-appraisal is that theory of value
is totally misunderstood if it is not based on the understanding of the
value form. Commodity fetishism is simply a logical consequence of the
value form; people have to live their social relation as a relastion of
things; things that govern them instead of being governed. see more here
Which should make it clear that values and (economic) value are not the
same. Whilst price can only be the Form of value, not value itself. But
value cannot be itself without taking that form. Thats no crazyness of
mine, thats the real absurdity of value. Value Forms are based on value
but they get life of their own. The most important value Form is capital,
and capital is like a living creature born of value-substance, doomed to
suck value into value.
Marx showed that choices are laregely predetermined by the economic means
we have. The whole plausibility of Marshalls choice theory is based on the
restriction that you have a budget - a given amount of money - and you are
restricted to the value in your budget. It does not prove the general
concept of "utility". Whilst there is needs, there is no inherent reason
to put one need against the orther except an external constraint.
Well Quantity is always quantity of something. Sometimes quantity is very
important, but to become a "quantitaive thinker" sounds strange to me.
We could do a follow up on this but maybe not here.

@_date: 2009-05-20 11:24:07
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 157 
Michel Bauwens  schreibt:
OK I think we should soon decide about the fate this one. As much as I try
to think its much better focussing on the existing lists, oekonux and p2p
- lists. There is almost no reason to have an extra discussion group on
oekonux in the NING, I think the very question of the Oekonux Community
and its scope should be discussed on the Oekonux List and Oekonux Project
list.... Alex?
Of course Stefans intervention has clearly shown the problem at stake, and
I think Oekonux 2.0 is far away from being a casual discussion group as it
used to be. I think its OK to say the list process is based on some
assumption and I value the effort of Stefan to make the scope of open
questions to deal with visible. Thats very very valuable for a list
culture! Of course his attacks were  a very very bad way to bring this
intention forward !!  What is needed is a particular set not only of
questions but also of assumptions to be agreed on for participation in the
list discussion, also allowing to outplace discussions which do not fit in
to other places. Which raises overall efficiency. Thats a pattern: "mosaic
of subcultures" - google it!
By the way  talking abou list culture I also fully endorse Marco Fiorettis
invaluable contribution about list culture and netiquette. I think he is
totally right in asking for better style, especially avoiding TAFU  (Text
above, fullquote underneath) and personal conversations without inclusive
Consideriing thematic outplacement, here was a proposal I think by
Andreas, but I would like to reduce it to two fields for the NING:,
possibly two groups. I hope someone comes up and steals this proposal:
"Powers to be"  - a discussion group that analyzes nature and intention of
state and the corporate world, trying to figure out where and how the P2P
phenomenon can thrive and prosper in a partially hostile, partially
supportive environhment. There are case studies of abuse and support of
communities, that need to be digested and evaluated.
"Peer Money" - a discussion group that analyzes community currencies of
all kinds and evaluates and analyzes their implementation.
which I hope very much. I  would be supportive and helpful, but currently
am burried in urgent projects
Maybe it came about with the hub discussion, so we need real places where
p2p economies and cultures grow and flourish.
Basically I think we should look for maintainers. And maintainers should
have a central reference point which could be this list. If there is some
report on progress more people will decide to participate in particular
Why not link this with essays and works to be published?

@_date: 2009-11-09 11:57:22
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Clear Village Workshop 
I slowly want to point you to the event that happened last week in
barcelona, the Clear Villages Lab.
It was all worth going there, and it seems Thomas Ugo Ermacora is one of
the big enablers of our village future. He collected and selected a
wonderful crowd of architects, sustainability experts and planners of all
kind, and it feels that they have not only a different focus (Village,
rural, periurban) from the mainstream (City, Center, Size), but also a
different approach. They seem to be willing to be at the forefront of
participatory planning. Lets get our best planning minds involved.
see my two blog posts there:
all the best

@_date: 2009-11-22 11:29:31
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2PU - Peer2PeerUniversity 
Dear all,
I dont know if that was already subject here, but I did not find an entry
in the P2P resource wiki and if so we seem to have missed something really
I made an entry:
sorry if it was already covered. I could not find out because the current
search function in the P2PWiki is extremely limited.
Its very interesting that there is already a certain degree of support for
this endavour, from the UC at Irvine, the Shuttleworth foundation and
similar endavours.
I am not reading this list (p2p research) too often due to overwhelming
other stuff and lack of time, but I use the opportunity to give a short
report and account on whats happening here in Vienna. I can relate to the
Idea of P2PUniversity in manifold ways. One is that the current academic
system is in a deep crisis which has only been exposed by the Bologna
reforms. Its a historical coincidence that the wave of global student
protests has started here in Vienna, but this gave me a lot of
opportunities to get some reality check on this crisis. Together with
Andreas Exner and others I intervened with a joint workshop in the
Auditorium Maximum with the participation of about 100 students on a
"Solidarity Economy of the University". We are just at the beginning of a
process here discussing how academic structures can be broken up
(especially concerning breaking the wall to adult education) and turned
into a living element of social self-organisation and social self-support,
forming a joint blog at  (in German).
That said, I can also report that our own little "university" endavour is
also moving forward to a certain degree; we have lots of participation
interest in our small workshop on VideoBridging and the Virtual University
of the Villages.
 "Streaming,
Sharing and Learning (SSL) ? The options for and the use of Interactive
Digital Video over long distances in adult education".  The selection
process is almost done. I never dared to dream that we would have such
demand. People sacrifice almost 2 weeks of their precious time for that,
We managed to pull together a dream team, a fantastic group. look here:
 (in progress)   We will most likely be able to arrange a distributed
stream on January the 25th 6 pm afternoon Vienna time so we can practicly
demonstrate what we are talking about. Help in all form is welcome; we
will ourselves create a learning community on NING, videobridge.ning.com
to capture the incredible wealth of informations and elements, patterns
and processes involved. The most important element of this will be our
coming together in the January Workshop which I hope will take the form of
a "sprint" producing a qunatum and quality leap of learning  materials.
Everyone who wants to join the external circle is very welcome.
I recently had an argument with a colleague who is a full-time academic
researcher and it led to bitter scision about the role of academic and
non-academic research. I dont go into details, but basically I see a
danger of the move towards the formal academic sector and its procedures
in the P2P-Oekonux world leaving out and structurally disregarding
goal-oriented, construction oriented research work. Lots of time is spent
on the construction of peer reviewed journals, on procedures of
recognition, favoring an individualistic monadic and feuilletonistic style
of publication and activity, whilst the construction and improvement of
joint knowledge sources is getting out of focus. I dont know if this is
really a healthy development, all I can say is that it has had a deep
impact on communication structures and intensities already. More than ever
before I begin to feel the truth of Marx eleventh theses on Feuerbach. The academic form of science was a limiting form for me personally which
made me drop out of academic life - just to discover that I went out of
the frying pan into the fire. To discover that without the proper
resources (and time is the most valuable one) any form of research is
doomed. This weeek we are going to have the 12th General assembly of GIVE,
the research association that I formed in 1998 as a "bootstrap community"
to explore, design and support the emergent new lifeforms that combine
physical proximity and embeddedness with global connection and
cooperation. GIVE was also meant to practically represent an alternative
to the dominant form of academic research, embedding research in practise
of activists and stakeholders of the village building process. In a way, I
think the idea is still  very good - whilst in reality I have not been
able to show very much of results other than Dorfwiki, a relatively
confusing and unreadable collection of some parallel efforts to pursue
isolated themes. So thats the downside of the process, which also led to
disappointments and dissolution of friendships. Its not primarily a
personal problem, its also a problem of funding and recognition, of time
and resources. The "deep process" of holding together an innovative and
exploring community of practise can paradoxically only be done by
theoreticians; but this paradox is in no way socially recognized - yet.
Anyway, I had these associations, but if we team up with P2P university I
think it would be a logical step.

@_date: 2009-11-29 20:38:21
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2PU - Peer2PeerUniversity 
"Mathieu O'Neil"  schreibt:
thats beside the point. Of course this is not about career boosting - its
not a subject that will leave the university untouched. Maybe I am a
little bit sensitive here because I opted out of academics after finishing
my master degree (I really thought there is no perspective in academic
science) , and only after 7 years break started to resume serious
scientific work, trying to organize a bootstrap institute according to
Douglas Engelbarts model.
I hope that a p2p journal does acknowledge that there are research
structures outside universities that have a crucial role. For me there is
a "chinese glass wall" between formalized academic world and
self-determined research. I have no time going through formal procedures
any more and I feel I pay a bitter price for that.

@_date: 2009-10-20 14:35:49
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dadamac and Leapfrogging towards post-industrial 
Michel Bauwens  schreibt:
Very much so.
I took the liberty to repost it here:
by the way, I found a way to arrange with Clear Village to be in Barcelona,
The CLEAR Village Lab is a three-day, immersive event gathering together
passionate professionals from a variety of disciplines to create the
masterplan strategy for a real-life sustainable village.
The intention of this initiative is not to build a ?perfect place?, but
rather to foster a dynamic, living community which embraces principles,
technologies and forms of governance that allow for a more sustainable
future of living and can provide a benchmark for other communities to
The 2009 Lab is the first in a series which will develop the masterplan
through multiple phases until building is ready to commence. At this first
CLEAR Village Lab participants will be allowed the space to contribute as
openly, creatively and emotionally as they wish.
I will try to convince them to address solutions that are really
replicable throughout the world an not just in affluent European
Down that page -   - are some interesting
people who might resonate with that goal
for example Nathaniel Corum, Carolyn Steel  (! see her talking and also my
rant on Steward Brand in the comments section to her TED talk at
and they have opened a NING also.
I did a first blog post there and want to extend it to a series of
observations....maybe also to the article Vassilis might still wait for....

@_date: 2009-09-13 09:15:52
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mass production and p2p production, 
Nathan Cravens / globalvillages at yahoogroups.com schreibt:
it might not really make sense to crosspost a whole discussion strand on
two lists, lists with very different culture, speak (terms), symbols,
frequence etc. like globalvillages and p2p. But at this point I want to
give an answer because it is also highly relevant to global villages.
I think its a no - go to negate the advantages of mass production in many
cases.  For me this means being as ideologically blindened to a complex
and divers reality as our our opponents of the industrialist faction. I
even had a discussion with Marcin Jakubowski on this issue, and we agreed
that to a certain point that villages will never ever be able to make
everything they need. You might know that Marcins ambition in this field
goes much higher than I think is reasonable as balance between village and
city, but even from his point of view (includig steel furnace per village)
cooperative factories are a reality that you cannot totally deny.
We must tackle with the problem of mass production already today if we are
to seriously to discuss a new reality. P2P society is imminent, global
villages are a very plausible prevailing lifestyle, and they are in need
of many special products and tools which can much better be brought about
in mass production. The "father" of the perception of this empowerment,
Alvin Toffler, has rightfully observed in his bool "The Third Wave", that
the whole notion of re-empowerment comes out of industrial products that
allowed us to liberate ourselves from a "worker" role and assume a
"producer" or rather "prosumer" role. While Toffler did not really foresee
that prosumers are not isolated entities but organize in new
agglomerations, from crowdsourced to active to self-determining
communities, he very well understood that there is an intrinsic relations
between tools and micro-markets, a new ongoing division of labor etc.
We have to start looking at mass production from a p2p point of view,
which would imply:
- combining p2p values with ethical production values and ecological
values. as prosumers we should be able to discuss and create standards of
the products we deal with in a much easier way than as consumers.
- looking at new, cooperative forms of mass production. In fact, the
linkage with the workers movement and the cooperative movement is based on
our own engagement as the initiators and supporters of production. Thomas
Dieners FairWork concept shows the way.
Villages depend on mothercities. Small production depends on the right
type of big production. Industry will survive but shrink as agriculture
survived but shrank.

@_date: 2009-09-13 11:16:10
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A joint statement on P2P and post-scarcity thinking 
We know we don?t speak for everybody, since we are a pluralistic community
and we seek commonalities  between divergent views, but that does not mean
that we don?t have a concern about the efficiency of what we are doing. In
this context, we feel the need to distinguish the P2P theory view from
post scarcity assumptions that have received such a prominent place on the
P2P research mailing list.
To make a strong statement: P2P (and also GlobalVillages) is not about
post ? scarcity, but about restoring the right balance between scarcity
and abundance ? which is an alltogether different thing.
It does not believe that technology by itself provides any complete social
solution, but it is always embedded in and driven by particular social and
political logics
For example, automation is very much driven by capitalist competition to
be more productive than other market players. It is absolutely not sure
that autonomous communities would choose to totally abolish manual work.
It is totally legitimate that communities or countries would choose
industrious development paths preserving and augmenting direct human
involvement in material production.
For example, an agricultural community may want to preserve its
traditional ways of life ? and that is a freedom we want everybody to have.
Maybe we can say that our contacts with local activist communities have
made us aware that the identification with post-scarcity thinking is
politically problematic ? in particular the image of the ?magical
technical fix?.
We do not want to stop the dialogue, but we would like to make clear that
no consensus can be assumed on that - and as a movement we do not want to
be identified with it. It is not a central message, it is merely the hope
of some, of people that we do respect but also who carry a much stronger
burden of proof. People who make extraordinary claims are bound more than
others to show practical implementations.
All the material we have in the P2P wiki are actually existing projects
and it is out of the observation of these existing social practises that
we draw our conclusions.
P2P is operating in a world which is characterised by 2 main factors,
mostly wrongly perceived:
- Scarcity of natural resources, which is increasingly accelerated by a
dysfunctional mode of production and is putting us into ever more serious
planetary management problems. We are in friendly terms with the
environmental movement(s) that adresses these issues and becomes more
practical every day (renewables, solar, distributed energy...)
- Our own priority as P2P movement is adressing the second factor, which
is the enclosure of the intellectual and scientific and cultural commons
which is being addressed by the ?Open Everything Movements?.  Opening up
the realm of ideas and allowing the massive collaboration of the general
intellect of the world is an essential condition of mastering the
ecological crisis and to the fulfillment of the better promises and
achievements of our civilisation through the building of a new
civilisation or rather new culture.
But there is a third necessary factor that is crucial for a thrivable
solution which would allow for further human evolution:  without true
active participation of all in the design and production of our material
life, without the involvement of the majority of human beings into the
effort to find a new social contract, we will not be able to reach the
goals of a better life on this planet. Therefore P2P has to join forces
with the third mass movement on this planet, which could roughly be
characterized as the social justice movement, involving the struggles of
workers, farmers, entrepreneurs and knowledge workers.
We currenly see a strategic convergence of these three movements and we
think it is our own responsibility to help make it happen. We believe that
a perceived identification between P2P and post scarcity is counter to
that goal, because post-scarcity is intentionally ignoring important
issues raised by the other two movements, i.e. the ecological and social
justice movement.
Michel Bauwens, P2P Foundation
Franz Nahrada, Global Villages Network

@_date: 2010-04-01 08:40:33
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Re(markets without capital?): new 
Hello Brigitte,
"Brigitte Kratzwald"  schreibt:
I doubt if you can even generalise such a notion and think this largely is
influenced by the context in which market-places emerge.
I have personally experienced some village economies where in my view
unfair exchange relations existed, mirroring power and posession rather
than consensus.
What popped up in my mind is the old arguments in the emergence of
capitalism "what is real wealth"?
I remembered the physiocrats pointing at natural resources as real wealth.
Labor was
almost treated like a free resource before capitalism!
I listened to the stories of subsistence theoreticians like Claudia von
idealizing the pre-capitalist forms of subsistence. I do not see them as
harmonic, and I suppose that to a lerge extent capitalism
was not winning people over only be shere force.
I think the verb "commoning" should not become another holy grail in which
refuge to unproven claims.
I agree with that, and I think Braudels description of capitalist business
as "anti-market"
has some degrees of legitimacy.
The neoliberals are contradicting their own ideology in every detail.
It might be helpful if we really look closer at those examples, and also
allow the notion
that certain cultures might be different in their ways of commoning.
Searching and identifying patterns might help.

@_date: 2010-04-05 19:54:41
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
=?iso-8859-1?q?mmoning=5D_Re=28markets_without_capital=3F=29=3A=09=09new_?=
 =?iso-8859-1?q?_post?=
Andreas, Michel,
at least we should find a consensus that p2p economies might span
*different* approaches -  to the agreement between the participating
For me, all monetary forms of production (=with ex-post agreements) are
somewhat contradictory and not necessarily at the centeroiece of what I
want to see grow. But I respect all trials if they are somewhat
intelligent and not based on wrong assumptions (like the worst that money
could be used to measure  or represent labor - time)
It seems that at least there must be a consensus that p2p economy *cannot*
be totally identified with open money economies, and that there should be
*equal consideration* for ex-post and ex-ante forms of social economic
A last remark: there is no moral money without moratorium.
all the best

@_date: 2010-04-18 19:13:46
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
Hi Jeff, all!
Also doing a crosspost from globalvillages to other lists, because the
subject was brought up there also.
The NING message really stroke me. Its not only the Global Villages
Network (globalvillages.ning.com) thats heavily depending on NING, but
also many other networks that I know of and many that I run myself. If I
had to pay for all of them I would go broke. They are fine and useful,
like the Transition Europe and Transition Austria Network and Power Down
and many other sites. They have brought a lot of people together and are
much more useful than Facebook. Facebook is good to attract people, but
its to noise and crowded to do in-depth discussions, store files and do
many other things.
Yes, I think its another kind of wrong dependency of communities on
corporate strategies. Corporate business is more and more depending on the
utilisation and enabling catalyzation of community work and outreach. But
this is happening in a Wild-West manner with Lasso and branding iron, not
in a decent way. What is needed would be  a kind of transitory covenant
for me, and we - the community world - will have to learn the hard way to
only go with the ones that are dedicated and set up for trustworthiness.
I was assuming that there would be a much smoother transition strategy and
not such a "shock therapy " and most likely I will keep only Global
Villages Network on NING if at all. Then we would have to set up
donations. I had a talk with Les Squires today, the mastermind from
Colorado that built so many Transition sites, and they already run
Transition US at a paid base, for 25 $ per months to keep it ad-free. This
is based on donations.
Its also no problem if we are doing this for a commercial client. Then we
can simply charge the costs from the client. I did a project in Mixxt and
received some money for it, and its totally OK in this case to give a
share to the provider. What is not OK is to treat all the cases equally.
The originator of the Austrian constitution, Hans Kelsen, is said to have
said: "you cannot treat unequal things equally". Here comes my critique on
I thought that the owner and founder
(  was more serious in his
approach, having the financial resources to really do meaningful things
and having supported meaningful non-primarily-profit projects like
Netscape for some time. My trust was even reenforced when I tried to
create my eleventh NING seing that there was a barrier of ten built in to
avoid excess.
I am also ready to pay for services that I value, that is not the
question. I had a time I could afford to support Andrius and the Minciu
Sodas Ecosystem, now the main parts of my resources and the social capital
I can mobilize financewise are taken by Helmut Leitners Wikiservice for my
Dorfwiki. (
Here comes the catch. I think that using the vendor-lock-in trick and not
helping people to migrate elsewhere is a variant of blackmail. Helmuts
Wikiservice also is befallen by the "Vendor Lock In Disease" but I suppose
would be fair enough to provide users an exit solution (the raw content of
a Hypertext system exported as textfile by the way is absolutely not
useful, which I saw in the case of Gesunde Erde Gesunde Menschen, = a Wiki
that Helmut turned off for the proponents did not raise resources to pay
for = and they were not able to reconstruct it even when we offered them
ProWiki hosting on our experimental server which for good reasons I do not
want to activate yet). Of course in the NING case its absolutely clear that they will not provide
any opportunity to port the content. Or at least that would be very
unlikely. From a database programmers perspective providing portability
also is a nightmare. And where should one go, by the way? To facebook?
Unless another service comes up with a content grabber there will be no
chance. And you have to ask people for permission. You would have had to
think of it way ahead.
Currently the resources to pay for all the online venues that we utilize
are dwindling, and its getting harder year by year to support the
respective standards. I am still trying to convince Helmut of the
necessity of fair conditions and he is trying the same with me from his
commercial point of view. We are still far from each other. But in a world
of blind he seems like the one-eyed for me, and he really is passionate
about our content and gives reliable support. I try to find an economic
base together with him that would allow us to provide good and free
services. I say good and free services, including reliability, empathy,
stability and respect.
But there is another side to all this.
I think there comes a great deal of responsibility for hosting other
peoples content, and this responsibility is a cultural one. Our tragedy is
that capitalism is a system of organized irresponsibility on ALL sides,
and we have to experience painfully the absence of truly meaningful
solutions and cultural standards in an age of transition of value creation
from the factory to the individual. We do not reward people for coworking,
and very often they are not ready to pay when they are already thinking
along. Les gave me the exampe of Adam Green who had a very vivid dBase2
newsletter at a time with 10000 subscribers. When he wanted to charge for
it only 3 people were willing to pay for it. Les thinks that 90% of the
existing NING sites might just go under after the move to commercial.
Consider the amount of human labor lost !!!
Coming back to NING, there is an open question of migration that must be
I found some UNSATISFACTORY answers here:
The author of that blog post, JP is hyping Spruz, but their advertising is
horrible. I already did a test site.
I think that our community could think allong what are the alternatives to
construct a social network that is closed and open at the same time. If
you want to help please meditate about the list given there and help us
find out about commited providers.
I also include neighboring lists like videobridgebuilders and p2p-research
I dont really think that Facebook and Twitter are so necessary - they are
like booths in front of the house, inviting people in, but there is yet an
inside and an outside.
Les suggests that we might think of Wiser Earth, and, for a very small
financial contribution, to also consider meetup.com. Many groups are just
meetups, not many have extensive online discussions, and they are very
reasonable in user-fee ratio. 70% of Transition sites are mainly using
NING as event announcer.
There is a slight chance on the other hand that we will make a quantum
leap and install one system of our choice on globalvillages.org ourselves.
We have a yet unused server online with 1GB/sec connectivity!
I also think of Andrius and his information ecosystem and wished he would
make his standards of action more understandeable. I had a long discussion
with him last night and it worries me how difficult it is to agree on
terms of usage that make sense for all sides. Its hard to point to the
Mornflake example when the goals of the campaigns were not reached,
because of unrealistic expectations.
I have worked out a whole plan for the Minciu Sodas Information Ecosystem
with Andrius (I must say its one of the most complete maps of an
Information Ecosystem ever conceived) , and some parts of this were
depending on commercial services which is totally understandeable from the
pragmatic point of view. This is still a yahoogroup and Andrius has found
out tremendous ways of integrating an external view to yahoogroups that
could easily be turned into a valuable million dollar service and yet be
free to communities. But most likely Yahoo would prevent that. And Andrius
would most likely not be interested in that either - because he wants
everything that we do to directly foster a culture of independent
thinkers. But I point to him as one of the people who have a lot of great
capacities in the field. I wish someone would bail him out and they would
be able to agree in a meaningful way to use this capacity by agreed
So here I am - still confused and thinking and trying to make sense and
find ways.
all the best

@_date: 2010-04-18 23:34:29
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
Still regarding NING
There is quite a storm of negative comments to Jason Rosenthals post and I
hope it will have some effect.
PS. Marc Andreesen wrote before:
"Over?5,000 new Ning Networks are created every day, and we?re adding a
million new?registered users every 12 days."

@_date: 2010-04-24 16:00:10
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] The "Free Market" requires scarcity 
Patrick Anderson  writes
Well here are some practical ideas:
1. Establish an alliance of community oriented businesses supporting the
emergence of non-profit-zones, regulated by ex - ante agreements about
social production. These are agressive, profit oriented sharks that
compete for the growing market of non-profit communities and therefore
protect and nourish them with products and services. They compete not only
on the monetary level, but also on the cultural level with the rest of the
business world to foster a cultural change that tehy support for their own
2. Transfer the majority of the existing monetary capital into non -
capital, by financing common ground and resources that serve the sole
purpose of decent life organisation of participants (Life Maintainance
Organisations). LMOs will constitute the customer base for the companies
outlined in (1). Its is important to have a plurality of LMOs to enable
individual choice and freedom.
3. Since inside LMOs there is no capital, there is also no production for
profit. To achieve that you are strongly advised to give up the idea of
money as internal tansaction tool. Every production based on money will be
speculative and disruptive in the end. I think that some people have to
experience this the hard way in trying out market-based local LMOs, some
people will seek to find other solutions from the beginning.
What we need is simply a poltical organisation that advocates this tye of
change. p2p production is an important element in this picture because it
supports growing community spirit and self-confidence of associated
producers. But as you say correctly, the ways of economy need to change
beyond capitalism. p2p cannot directly replace capitalist prduction, it
can only limit it. But this, in the long run, is the most effective way to get rid of it.

@_date: 2010-08-03 09:24:45
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] local development policies 
Michel Bauwens  schreibt:
I can try - and the discussion there has been going on in the last minutes.
I need to hurry,pack and get my plane to Germany, though.
I will spend the next three weeks with Annerose.

@_date: 2010-08-06 14:37:47
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does openness and p2p have a class basis? 
Thanks Michel for the extra forward.
On one side I am inclined to say yes, of course, and on the other side its
really hard to track down something like a distinct class base of openness
and P2P.
One could easily argue that p2p mirrors "empowerded labour" able to create
its own base for associating - while traditionally the social web of
labour was a product of capital. Information technology brought us nearer
to the "general intellect" and "general productive worker" that Marx
envisioned in Grundrisse.
Its amazing though the socio-economic form of many of our activities is
self-employment and "leisure" time. So thats hardly related to a class
position. What we see and observe that people like to work in coworking
style, clusters and hubs.
All in all, the emphasis on class and class struggle might be attached to
a contested concept of political theory and practise. At least I would not
give it the status of a self-explanatory buzzword any more.

@_date: 2010-01-11 10:28:05
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Finally arrived: Global Innovation Commons 
How hard is it to set our Order Parameter on Open Innovation? To share all
knowledge and inventions that we make and receive back an incredible
amount of possibilities? I remember reading stories from Vinai Gupta and others that there is an
imminent danger that Going Open is the best way for an inventor to face
failure and misery. Although many people do lip service to Open
Innovation, the reality seems to be hard to deal with - swimming against
the current.
With the advent of Global Innovation Commons all this could get easier
now, and maybe this single endavour can help us structure and connect many
others. I read the website, I read the users manual and I feel there could
be enough substance to really change the rules of the game. They finally
come up with a distributed approach - in the light of this claim that they
have already 290 incubators, a network of 290 incubators in over 80
developing countries around the world, a lot seems possible:
"What would happen if you were given over $2 trillion? That's right, if
someone walked up to you and gave you $2 trillion. That could never
happen, right?
In fact, that is exactly what has just happened.
While the patent system has been around since the 17th century when it was
developed by nobles in Italy and England, it may surprise you that the
system was designed to benefit you. Patents were supposed to be a public
disclosure to advance science and useful knowledge. If someone shared
sufficient information to teach the public about a novel development or
useful technology, they would have a limited time (about 20 years) to
decide who could use that idea.
There's some bad news and some good news. First, the bad news: For the past 30 years, patents have been abused.
Rather than serving the public's expansion of knowledge, they've been used
as business and legal weapons. Over 50,000,000 patents covering everything
you do have served to keep you from benefiting in many aspects of your
life. Many life-saving treatments have been kept from the market because
they threaten established business interests. The world's ecosystem has
been severely damaged because efficiencies have been kept from entering
the market.
In the face of all this, however, there is the good news: The thirty year
"cold war" of innovation is over. Today, you now have access to it all. In
the Global Innovation Commons, we have assembled hundreds of thousands of
innovations - most in the form of patents - which are either expired,
no-longer maintained (meaning that the fees to keep the patents in force
have lapsed), disallowed, or unprotected in most, if not all, relevant
markets. This means that, as of right now, you can take a step into a
world full of possibilities, not roadblocks. You want clean water for
China or Sudan - it's in here. You want carbon-free energy - it's in here.
You want food production for Asia or South America - it's in here.
But here's the catch. We're sharing this under a license. The license is
really simple. If you use this information, you must share what you're
doing with everyone else. If you improve upon it, you must share your
improvements with everyone else. And finally, if you use any of this
information, you must reference the "Global Innovation Commons." That's
it. When you take the next step, turn the possibilities into realities."
and furthermore
"About infoDev
infoDev will assist in the deployment of the Global Innovation Commons
making the platform available across its network of 290 incubators in over
80 developing countries. infoDev will also investigate the required
supporting resources that entrepreneurs and SMEs in developing countries
require to more effectively use the 'open innovation' information
available on the GIC. This could include access to finance, business
incubation services or technical advice to help entrepreneurs and SMEs
successfully transfer technology out of the GIC system and commercialize
it in their own markets. The GIC will also be used as a platform for
infoDev's Climate Technology Program which is piloting Climate Technology
Innovation Centers in developing countries."
Does anybody have personal connections? How can we work with them? Can
anybody do research?
It sounds REALLY interesting!

@_date: 2010-03-30 21:40:03
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Re(markets without capital?): new 
"Andreas Exner"  schreibt:
Andreas, i do not quite agree with that juxtaposition.
In fact, the shere tendency of value to become the governing structure of
is begetting certain logical steps that you seem to omit.
The accumulation imperative does not fall from heaven. It is enacted by certain value forms that make value production the
dominant motive.
Marx had demonstrated this in his analysis of money functions and
especially by
the sharp distinction of money as ''means of circulation''
and ''means of payment'' (Zahlungsmittel).
It is through the developments of value forms itself that the growth
imperative becomes so powerful:
Whilst in "means of circulation" money is a temporary phase in the
metamorphosis of commodities, in "means of payment" its becoming the
dedicated task of production.
Value is only real in its forms, and Money, Capital and Interest are the
developed forms of value and not something alien or secondary to value.
Everything else is pure metaphysics. Value exists in money. Money exists
in Capital. Capital exists in productive capital, commercial capital and
financial capital. We can only understand these social realities when we
understand their value nature.
Each new form of value breaks the limitations of the previous form,
without ever being able to overcome the basic limitation of value, that it
only exists as a relation of concrete work to a social standard of
productivity that the concrete work needs to fulfill and its product needs
to represent. (And of course, this means that value is a self-negating
structure, a social anti-pattern, because each action or attempt of
value-creation is challenging the value-nature of everything else)
In this respect interest is nothing secondary but really the breaking of
the limitation of a given capitals size that endangers this task, allowing
for boundless accumulation to become primary task and constraint of social
production.

@_date: 2010-05-24 11:34:48
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Junto and a possible "social software stack" 
Hi Vanessa, I saw your posts
I really like the basic idea of Junto and want to propose talking about a
possible comnnection.
You know there is a "stack" of applications that work together more
seamlessly every day
Appache Mail Server
MySql Database
PHP Programming
After tons of research on the replacement of NING, I see a quite similar
"Social Open Source Software Stack" ahead that COULD work nicely
JGEP  (->A Nice Toung Breaker)
JUNTO  as a instant messages and chat tool with all the video and audio
features that we like from skype but groupwise, built around wave IM style
- for a-doc gatherings
Groupserver as the best way to augment/replace mailinglists and
yahoogroups - for diverse interests and low cohesion
ELGG as sophisticated forum and Group Incubating Tool replacing NING
including forum and blog functions
PROWIKI ( as IMHO the best fractal wiki engine in the web
with enormous structural potential. especially as collective authoring
tool for sustainable HyperTexts (although Perl-based)
just an intuition and a dream of mine. If we could connect them all we
would have ALL what we need!
(except, maybe, a CMS or so for the cool community window to the world,
and a streaming community TV for thes ame purpose but thats a totally
different story)
Franz Franz Nahrada
GIVE Forschungsgesellschaft
Globally Integrated Village Environment
Lab for Global Villages
Jedleseer Strasse 75
Vienna Austria

@_date: 2010-09-25 20:55:09
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Hardware Roadmap 
I saw this website and I think its a great idea but still in its very
infancy. (a wiki born a few days ago)
The Table Of Contents sounds ambitious:
but all the respective pages are empty.
Jim Barkley and Sam Sayer, both of The MITRE Corporation, own this wiki
MITRE is described here: An impressive and very resourceful organisation with a heavy bias into
military technology ;-)
anybody ready to challenge them about the whereabouts?
here is the respective discussion that led me to the site.
IMHO we do indeed need a technology roadmap (including a huge amount of
technologies to be redone in a better way) and I am advocating this from
the beginning of oekonux, but we are facing the problem that we either
have resources - or credibility and moral influence. Almost never these
two factors converge. Maybe this will change soon.
Franz Nahrada
GIVE - Globally Integrated Village Environment.

@_date: 2011-01-03 10:10:38
@_author: Franz Nahrada 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] abundance in agriculture 
Sorry for stepping in here shortly without having read the whole thread.
It just comes to my mind that the dabate might be a little more challenging
if it would go to the properties of a humane ecosystem, where humans and
nature realy CAN interact in abundance.
I agree with Roberto that the situation in the Philipines where nature is
abundant might be different from the one in other climate zones.
Sepp Hollzer, whose practise of permaculture is quite controversial, starts
with heavy intervention in the landscape, like digging ponds. Thats the
on which abundance can grow. Of course nature does most of the work, but human intervention goes far beyond harvesting. The idea is to set up
a stable and abundant ecosystem that also providea for human needs, and
this might be a real big deal of work especially at the beginning, and not seldom a matter of heavy experimentation.
I feel very much convinced that at least in northern climates this is a
promising way to go.
