
@_date: 2008-06-03 22:55:35
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] higher transportation costs can reverse 
It is, indeed, a great article.  I recently read Waddell and Bodek's
*Rebirth of American Industry*, which described the (lean) Toyota
Production System.  It also explained how attempts to implement lean
production, in companies governed by the basic metrics and assumptions
of the prevailing Sloan management accounting system, were doomed to
The book includes a foreword by org theory writer H. Thomas Johnson.
He points to the Toyota system as the hope of the future--but not,
interestingly, for its promise of outperforming other giant
corporations in the conventional globalist model.  Rather, he sees the
real hope in the TPS's application to decentralized, small-scale
And he's right on this IMO.  Rubin and Tal refer, among other things,
to container ships.  The just-in-time inventory system, both as it
affects suppliers of lean factories, and in its wholesale version for
Wal-Mart and other big box retailers, is frequently referred to
"warehouses on wheels" (or at sea, in the case of container ships).
And "warehouses on wheels" is a very apt term for it.  Lean
production, as practiced by Toyota, relies on just-in-time supply
chain operations to reduce inventory costs to zero.  But as practiced
by a giant corporation like Toyota, it simply outsources the inventory
costs to the long-haul trucks and container ships.  They're not only
still paying for de facto warehouses to hold inventory, they're paying
the fuel costs to move it around.   That's why, IMO, trying to
integrate lean production into a conventional globalized economy of
large corporations is putting new wine in old bottles (although Ohno
did it as well as it was humanly possible to do it).  The TPS is
really meant for a decentralized world where the trucks and container
ships are eliminated,  the supply chains are local and composed of
small firms (on the Emilia-Romagna model), and the local economy is
organized for producing on a demand-pull basis.

@_date: 2008-11-08 13:24:23
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My letter to Obama 
My response to the solicitation of ideas at change.gov:
INDUSTRIAL POLICY
As always, my recommendations center on a theme of pursuing green ends
with libertarian means.
If we want to replace the present centralized economy of waste
production and planned obsolescence, it's an inescapable fact that a
great deal of excess manufacturing capacity cannot be saved.  In my
opinion it's a mistake to try to prop it up through expedients like
the Detroit bailout.
The goal should be a shift from the present system of overaccumulated,
centralized, oligopoly industry, and its business model of planned
obsolescence and "push" distribution, to a decentralized economy of
small-scale manufacturing for local markets.  This means, among other
things, a switch from capital-intensive production methods based on
product-specific machinery, to production with small-scale, general
purpose machinery.  It means, in place of the old Sloanist production
model, something like the present-day economy of Italy's
Emilia-Romagna region:  networked small manufacturers producing in
large part for the local market, with a high degree of cooperative
ownership.  Such an economy, based on a "pull" distribution model with
production geared to demand on a just-in-time basis, will be insulated
from the boom-bust cycles of the old national "push" economies.  And
we need a new model of user-friendly, modular product design aimed at
cheap and easy repairability and recycling.
Your main focus, in my opinion, should be to ease the transition by
eliminating present policies (market-distorting subsidies, privileges,
and cartelizing regulations) that impede it and protect the old
economy from the new one.
This means, for one thing, eliminating differential tax exemptions
that favor firms engaged in centralized, large-scale,
capital-intensive production:  e.g., the depreciation allowance, the
R&D credit, the deductability of interest on corporate debt, and the
exemption of stock transactions involved in mergers and acquisitions
from capital gains tax).  Then lower the corporate income tax enough
to be revenue-neutral.
It means, especially, eliminating the biggest subsidy to economic
centralization, and to artificially large market area and firm size:
i.e., subsidies to long-distance transportation.  The Interstate
should be funded entirely by weight-based user fees on trucking, which
causes virtually all of the roadbed damage.  All subsidies to new
airports or to expanding old ones should be eliminated, including all
federal guarantees of local bond issues.
Perhaps most important of all, it requires radically scaling back the
present strong "intellectual property" regime.  IP (through patent
pooling and exchange, monopolies on current production technologies,
etc.) is probably the single most powerful cartelizing force, which
enables each industry to be concentrated in the hands of a few
players.  It impedes the transfer of skills and new technology from
the old manufacturing dinosaurs to the kinds of small, local producers
we need.  It also serves as a powerful bulwark to planned
obsolescence, imposing legal restrictions on the manufacture of cheap
generic replacement parts.
Scaling back IP law (a good start would be repealing the DMCA, the
WIPO Copyright Treaty, and the Uruguay Round's TRIPS accord) would
eliminate the barriers to the diffusion of skill and technology that
currently prop up the old corporate dinosaurs of the software and
entertainment industries, and facilitate their replacement by
networked production on an open source model.  Please cut loose the
MPAA, RIAA, and Bill Gates, and do so yesterday!
Finally, we need to eliminate all subsidies to large-scale
agribusiness.  The result will be a flourishing sector of
community-supported agriculture, replacing the old agribusiness
dinosaurs as fast as new ground can be cultivated.

@_date: 2008-11-13 17:58:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mini nuclear plants to power 20,000 homes 
Thanks for posting this, Marco.  I admit I'm extremely skeptical about
fission power, and view traditional nuclear reactors as pretty much a
corporate welfare dinosaur that couldn't survive without massive
government subsidies to almost every single step in the supply and
production chain.
But I have no principled objection to it, if a fission technology is
discovered which is genuinely economical in EROEI terms, without
subsidies, and deals adequately with safety and waste disposal issues.
A lot of propaganda about saving the
Well, a lot of the problem is scaling back the demand side, as per the
arguments of Lovins et al, by ceasing to use electricity for things
like heating water and space that could be more efficiently handled by
direct use of passive solar heat or even burning the fuel.  It would
take a lot less power if electricity were used only for powering only
electric motors and electronic appliances.
And what about the version of solar power they're working on at OSE,
based on direct use of solar heat to power a steam turbine generator,
instead of photovoltaics?  Unless the new kinds of paint-on PV
technology Vinay writes about, or something like it, pan out,
photovoltaic power may be a dead end.  But I have a lot more hope for
lower-tech direct and indirect uses of the sun's heat as the primary
source of power.

@_date: 2008-11-13 22:38:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My letter to Obama 
Sorry, I meant to, but I keep forgetting this is one of those "reply all" lists.
Anyway, the grey part of the picture is not the small
I agree that there's a problem with the organizational forms of the
new economy (flattened hierarchies, distributed production, etc.)
being distorted by the old framework of corporate capitalism.   The
important thing, though, is that the physical process of production is
predominantly networked among local firms with local supply and
distribution chains, and are far better capable of weathering Peak Oil
and the larger economy's boom-bust cycle.

@_date: 2008-11-17 21:15:25
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mini nuclear plants to power 20,000 homes 
Just impressionistic, I'm afraid.  We've seen claims for the past
twenty years that PV was nearing a breakthrough that would make it
competitive in price per watt with coal-fired plants, and they never
seem to materialize.

@_date: 2008-10-01 10:39:51
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] after america, china, after china, the empire 
I read in Naomi Klein's The Shock Doctrine that Gorbachev envisioned a
model of privatization based on worker cooperatives, and I'm pretty
sure it was well documented like most of her historical claims.  I
don't have the book any more, though.

@_date: 2008-10-02 01:10:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
I attempted to leave the following comment at Kelley's post, before I
realized it was an old one and comments are apparently closed:
The problem with your argument is that history may not be a reliable guide.
What you say is true, so long as centralized infrastructure and
large-scale, capital-intensive, corporate-owned industry remain viable
and accessible.
But leapfrogging to decentralized, ephemeral systems may be the only
viable option if adopting the older style of centralized
infrastructure and capital-intensive production becomes unsustainable.
I expect that we're in the early stages of a number of dovetailing
crises that will render the old kind of large-scale, industrial
capitalism unsustainable:  Peak Oil; assorted other input crises
resulting from the inevitable economic law that demand for subsidized
inputs (like long-distance shipping) outstrips the state's fiscal
resources for providing them; and the realization crisis facing
capitalism, as described by Michel Bauwens, resulting from the growing
unsustainability of IP-based business models.
I believe state capitalism is hitting the wall of resource and input
crises at the very time small-scale production technology of the kind
Borsodi, Mumford and Bookchin envisioned is approaching a singularity.
 The latter singularity will mean the feasibility of shifting ever
greater amounts of production from wage labor to the informal and
household economies, which may be extremely welcome as a safety net
when the old industrial economy stagnates and runs out of gas.
The old centralized industry, to put it bluntly, may not be there.
And the "small is beautiful" stuff may be all that's left.

@_date: 2008-10-02 01:23:13
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
"Leapfrogging... is the idea that countries without basic
infrastructure like universal telecommunications can go directly to
the best, most fitting solutions without having labor through the
developmental struggle of telegraph, manually-switched telephony,
direct-dial, brick-sized cell phones, analog cell phones, 3G digital."
It also means, IMO, leapfrogging what Lewis Mumford called
"paleotechnic" production methods (centrally located Dark Satanic
mills producing on a large scale for large market areas) to neotechnic
methods instead (small-scale production using free-standing
electrically powered machinery, for local economies--including for the
household and barter economy).
It's not just the consumer goods technology that's leapfrogged, it's
the economic model.

@_date: 2008-10-02 15:57:10
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Well, a lot of it depends on what you mean by "centralized" and "large
scale."  I don't expect household and informal production to
completely supplant factory production.  But Ralph Borsodi argued that
some two-thirds of what we consume could be most efficiently produced
using small-scale electrically powered machinery in the household, and
I believe he would have agreed that much of the other third could have
been best produced in small factories serving local markets.
What he envisioned, as he described it, was a shift in production of
most of the goods we consume from the factory to small-scale machine
production in the household, with relatively small factories existing
mainly to produce the small-scale household machinery rather than to
produce consumer goods for direct consumption.
There are some forms of production that require extremely large scale,
like the kind of heavy engine block IC engine that has prevailed in
the auto industry since WWII, the large jet aircraft, and the
microprocessor.  But with the removal of all subsidies, I'd expect the
production of passenger and cargo jets to virtually disappear, because
they simply won't pay for themselves in a free market.  The fraction
of existing long-distance shipping that would survive in a
decentralized economy would probably rely almost entirely on
railroads.  I would also expect the demand for automobiles of
present-day design to shrink by more than an order of magnitude, as we
moved toward walkable communities and the use of light rail for travel
between communities, and much lighter electric vehicles were
sufficient for the remaining functions of transporting people from
rural areas into town or transporting goods from railheads to retail
outlets.  Microprocessors are probably most problematic, but a shift
to reprogrammable chips will probably reduce primary production to a
small fraction of the market, with most of the need being supplied by
the recycling of chips from old appliances in the same way a major
part of present-day steel needs are met by small mini-mills recycling
scrap metal.
And in almost all other industries besides that tiny handful, the
prevailing firm and plant size is far, far beyond the optimum for
meeting economies of scale.  So we could get the vast majority of what
we presently consume, more efficiently, with the largest scale of
production being a small factory serving a local market area of a
hundred thousand people or so--and most production being carried out
at the level of household and neighborhood or small town.  IMO, once
we reach a minimum threshold of technical development (say, that of
the industrialized West in the 1950s), the single biggest factor in
quality of life is the balance between work and leisure.  With an end
to subsidized waste and to the portion of commodity price that
reflects embedded rents on IP and other forms of artificial property,
I'd expect the average workweek to be one or two days.  That's an
immense improvement in quality of life, even if we have to give up
SUVs and use composting toilets.

@_date: 2008-10-02 16:02:13
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Cool!  I'm a big fan of Lovins and the rest of the RMI team's work.
Is it by Piore and Sable?  I'll have to get a copy, and soon.

@_date: 2008-10-02 23:09:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
I'd read Natural Capitalism a couple years ago, and absorbed mostly
the stuff on energy conservation.  But this year I read a book on lean
production, with an introduction by a lean expert who saw networked
local production on the Emilia-Romagna model (rather than in a giant
corporation like Toyota) as the optimal application of lean
principles.  And when I contacted him privately, he recommended the
lean chapter in Natural Capitalism, which had gone right over my head
when I first read it because I was going through a rather intense
anti-Tom Peters backlash at the time.
He also recommended Shuman's The Small-mart Revolution, btw.
I've never read Robinson, but now I'll definitely have to.  I love sci
fi that attempts to depict decentralist economic ideas in practice.
Right now I'm rereading Callenbach's Ecotopia, and wondering how much
of it inspired Vinay's vision in "The Unplugged" (particularly the
prefab houses).
Me, too.  The good thing about Amazon is that the bookstores give away
used stuff almost free if it's to a marginal enough market niche--this
was priced at $1.25, I think.

@_date: 2008-10-04 01:59:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
More than half of my material comes from the P2P blog and Wiki, and
allied efforts like OS Ecology and Bucky-Gandhi.  Here's the best I
could glean from the rest:
1) "Plowboy Interview," Mother Earth News, March-April 1974,
Discusses comparative efficiency of household vs. factory production
2)  Paul Hawken, Amory Lovins, and L. Hunter Lovins, Natural
Capitalism:  Creating the Next Industrial Revolution (Boston, New
York, London:  Little, Brown and Company, 1999).
Chapter on lean production relevant to networked local economies
3)  Michael H. Shuman, The Small-Mart Revolution:  How Local
Businesses are Beating the Global Competition (San Francisco:
Barrett-Koehler Publications, Inc., 2006, 2007).
4)  Robert Williams, "Bologna and Emilia Romagna:  A Model of Economic
Democracy," paper presented to the annual meeting of the Canadian
Economics Association, University of Calgary. May/June 2002.
5) Craig DeLancey, "Openshot," Analog, December 2006, pp. 64-74.
Fictional depiction of open-source moon mission
6) Jed, "Capitalists vs. Entrepreneurs," Anomalous Presumptions,
February 26, 2007. 7) Charles Johnson, "Dump the rentiers off your back," Rad Geek
People's Daily, May 29, 2008.
Extremely valuable when read together with   On lower entry costs
when many small units of capital can be aggregated with low
transaction costs
8) Colin Ward, Anarchy in Action (London:  Freedom Press, 1982).
Material on community workshops
9) Karl Hess, Community Technology (New York, Cambridge, Hagerstown,
Philadelphia, San Francisco, London, Mexico City, Sao Paulo, Sydney:
Harper & Row, Publishers, 1979), pp. 96-98.
Material on community workshops
10)  Keith Paton, The Right to Work or the Fight to Live?
(Stoke-on-Trent, 1972).
Material on community workshops
11)  Ralph Borsodi, Flight From the City
On small-scale electrical machinery for household production
12)  Lewis Mumford, Technics and Civilization
Ditto, under heading of "neotechnic phase"
13) Jonathan Rowe, "Entrepreneurs of Cooperation," Yes!, Spring 2006.
On direct production for barter during Depression

@_date: 2008-10-06 15:55:44
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Classifying technology by century is meaningless, IMO.  And you seem
to be equating quality of life to the nature of inputs consumed rather
than functional outputs.
A great many of our physical needs are not 19th century, but
paleolithic.  The basic requirements of shelter and food can be met
most efficiently by adapting "19th century technology," through new
configurations and techniques.  A compressed earth block may be 19th
century, but combined with the latest knowledge on passive solar
heating and cooling design it (or other use of cheap, local,
vernacular materials) may well be the optimum for maximum energy
efficiency--and comfort--in heating and cooling.
Much of what Schumacher called "intermediate technology" involves
applying new technical knowledge to traditional materials (e.g.,
applying modern knowledge of bacteriology, soils, etc., to the
intensive raised bed techniques developed centuries ago; or applying
modern aerodynamic principles to the design of traditional sailing
vessels), making possible an order of magnitude increase in
effectiveness without any major increase in cost, complexity, or
centralization and capital outlays for production.
A lot of it depends on what you mean by the "grid."  Large scale power
consumption, which may be necessary in some cases, is not equivalent
to a grid.  Even the largest industrial projects, arguably, can be
most efficiently powered by generators scaled to the actual needs of
the facility itself, at the point of consumption.  If anything,
large-scale industrial projects are one of the best cases against the
grid, because it's arguably easier to get economies of scale in
generation at a single point of consumption.  Why generate power at a
distant site and transmit it over a grid, when the site of consumption
is sufficient to support its own power plant at maximum efficient
scale?  The most efficient approach is to tailor power output to
consumption needs at the point of consumption, and minimize the
overhead costs (including inefficiency from power loss) of
transmission and storage.  This is Amory Lovins' argument.  All the
"grid," as such, does is increase the amount of power lost in
transmission and increase needless complexity (and hence fragility and
vulnerability to disruption) of the system.
Large-scale, artificially cheap grid power also created perverse
incentives to use electricity even when it's the least efficient
alternative.  For example, Lovins et al repeatedly argue that the most
efficient method of heating space and water is through the direct
production of heat at the endpoint (through combustion of fuel or
passive solar), rather than converting heat from combustion into
electricity at a power plant, transmitting it over a grid, and then
converting it back into heat again at the point of consumption.
The most efficient approach is to generate electrical power at the
point of consumption in the cases where it's actually needed for
large-scale industrial production, to rely on small-scale production
(including at the neighborhood level) as much as possible for
small-scale household and industrial consumption in areas where
electricity is actually most efficient (mainly for powering machinery
and electronics), and shift to passive solar and direct combustion of
fuel where those are suitable.  Electricity is actually suitable in a
small fraction of cases where it's currently used, and even then is
produced at a level of centralization which is extremely inefficient.
I don't think anyone here has argued that large-scale production, as
such (whatever that may mean in concrete terms) will be made
completely obsolete.  Most of us have simply argued that small-scale
production will become an alternative which expands at the expense of
a dwindling realm of centralized and large-scale production, rather
than being something simply piggybacked on the existing centralized
corporate model.  IOW, the large-scale manufacturing economy will be
radically downsized, and serve primarily to support decentralized
small-scale manufacturing.  And as I have argued, in most cases the
present scale of such large manufacturing is many times larger than
what would be ideal from a pure efficiency standpoint, because scale
has been subsidized far past the point of counterproductivity.
The largest-scale, heaviest industry of all (heavy engine blocks and
jet aircraft) would likely not be profitable at all absent subsidies
and protections, and would simply disappear with no effect on real
quality of life.
In a few cases where large scale is currently necessary for quality of
life (e.g., microprocessors), a market area large enough to support a
single billion dollar foundry could still function based on a
light-rail distribution system with a fraction of the capacity of our
actual centralized transportation system.  And where such large
capital outlays are genuinely necessary, they will be exceptionalist
islands in a system defined primarily by small scale and
decentralization.  But I don't think anyone denies, in principle, that
they will exist to a certain extent.

@_date: 2008-10-06 16:00:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
OTOH, the privileges granted to co-ops are arguably simply
countervailing examples of statism that offset the larger, more
fundamental privileges granted to capitalist enterprise in state
capitalism at large.  Eliminating the latter structural privileges to
concentrated ownership of investment capital, absentee ownership,
etc., would render co-ops less dependent on state favortism.
An end to the artificial scarcity of land and capital, to the
attendant monopoly rents on them, and to the concentration of enormous
amounts of wealth in the hands of a small number of absentee
investors; a shift to distributed capital ownership; and a reduction
in the transaction costs of aggregating dispersed small capital
through networked means--all these things will rectify the imbalance.

@_date: 2008-10-06 16:03:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
I agree.  I have argued elsewhere that the economy of E-R is distorted
by its integration into a corporate global economy.  But its prevalent
local supply chains and small scale production mean it is ideally
suited to weather a collapse of the centralized global economy, and
shift from producing for the global market to producing for the
regional market, with a minimum of dislocation compared to
conventional enterprises in (say) the United States where production
scale is geared to a continental or global market, and dependent on
suppliers and outlets thousands of miles away.

@_date: 2008-10-11 02:05:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
I apologize if I mischaracterized your position.
Local, small and P2P are not interchangeable.  There may be some forms
of industrial production whose capital outlays rule out P2P, but which
can still be done on a comparatively small scale for a local market.
I think the important point is that P2P and other alternatives for the
household and informal economy don't have to be piggybacked on a
full-blown highly capitalized industrial economy with centralized
infrastructure, on the present model.  I believe that 1) the majority
of the average person's use-value can be produced via P2P, household,
informal and barter economies, or via manufacturing in small factories
serving local markets, 2) the amount of large-scale industry required
to support an economy centered on such small-scale methods will be a
small fraction of its present amount, and 3) the transportation
infrastructure needed to support this residual economy of large-scale
production will be of much smaller capacity than at present--mainly
light rail networks linking local economies.
I think most here don't envision getting rid of it entirely--just a
radical downscaling of centralization and mass production, and a shift
in emphasis to decentralized production as the dominant form.

@_date: 2008-10-13 16:51:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Local Currencies 
My hope is that things like the present financial crisis and Peak Oil
will give steam to the alt currency movement, and that the latter will
help to bridge the gap and cushion the transition resulting from the
The various government bailout packages seem to be just a shifting of
liabilities from the financial system to the state, thus exacerbating
the "fiscal crisis of the state" and making the present model of
subsidizing the inputs of state capitalism even less sustainable.
When fuel prices rise to $5 or $6/gal in the U.S. next spring and
summer, and the increases continue year after year, we can expect the
trucking and airline industries to keep eliminating capacity in
similar proportions.  Increasing numbers of truckers will decide it's
just not worth it.  Meanwhile, the government will be tempted to
inflate its way out of the debt crisis, with the official currency
becoming rapidly depreciated.  That means that local currencies will
be useful for directly facilitating exchange on a local level when
money and credit dry up in the national economy, and that local
currencies will also serve as a more reliable store of value.

@_date: 2008-10-14 13:32:57
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is Web 2.0 Really Democratic? 
At the very least, it has greatly undermined the authority of
hierarchical institutions in the corporate and government world, in
the ways Benkler described.
It's a vast improvement over the days when, if you wanted an
alternative to Big Three network news and the Associated Press, you
subscribed to The Nation (or if you were really out there, some badly
photocopied anarchist 'zine).
Stories Benkler recounted, like the Sinclair Media boycott and the
exposure of Diebold's internal communications, would never have
appeared on the radar before.
And all kinds of networked resistance against big business and big
government are far more feasible (e.g. the Seattle movement); a good
example is large-scale open-mouth sabotage against corporations, like
Wake Up Wal-Mart and the Wal-Mart Workrs' Association, and campaigns
by the Imolakee Workers.

@_date: 2008-09-21 13:31:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
I'm very sorry to hear this. What you've accomplished certainly
doesn't strike me as a defeat.  The Wiki and blog are both immense
repositories of insight on peer production, and the blog has done an
excellent job of promoting ties and mutual awareness between everyone
in the movement.
I also think the P2P Foundation is potentially a key component in the
overall alternative economics movement.  I'm in the process of joining
the U.S. Solidarity Economy Network right now, mainly so I can promote
closer ties between the SEN and organizations like the P2P Foundation
and Open-Source Ecology.
If you evaluate what you've done against the baseline of what was
there before, it's a monumental accomplishment.
But I know what burnout is, and hope you can find something that
relieves your financial stress and gives you some sense of enjoyment
as well.
The P2P Wiki, blog, and other materials will remain up online, won't
they?  Will they continue to be going concerns?  There's a great deal
of valuable material there that should not be lost, and hopefully it
will continue to be added to by the rest of the community--even if
it's at a less energetic pace without your efforts.

@_date: 2008-09-23 13:10:47
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
I will also gladly pool 1% of my income (which isn't much) toward
meeting the expenses of the P2P Foundation, because if nothing else I
want the Wiki and Blog archives to stay up as a reference source--and
I expect some people will continue to contribute to them.
If nothing else, another movement could provide web-hosting services
to keep P2P Foundation material online, without any formal merger.

@_date: 2008-09-25 13:40:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
This is excellent news. I link heavily to the Wiki and Blog--they're
amazing resources--and would hate to have them disappear.
James, just let me know how much the hosting costs and what would be a
good individual share of it, and I'll PayPal you.

@_date: 2008-09-28 12:52:44
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] after america, china, after china, the empire 
Thanks, Michel.
argument in vol. 3 of Capital, on the expansion of capital into new
frontiers of low cost and underaccumulation as a counteracting
tendency to the falling direct rate of profit.  Li argues that China
was the last such large-scale outlet (the last frontier), and is
unable to continue to absorb capital investment on a scale sufficient
to serve as an outlet for Western surplus capital.
IMO this parallels the collapse of the tech bubble (the tech industry
being another example of a new field of investment of the sort Marx
discussed as a relief for surplus capital), and the housing bubble
(which was really associated with further mass-suburbanization, in the
ways discussed by Kunstler, as a new field for surplus capital).
Starting ca. 1940 with large-scale rearmament, the problem of
overaccumulation has been remedied by one government effort after
another, both through large-scale armament production and the direct
creation of one new industry after another (the expansion of the car
culture, suburbanization, and the trucking industry after WWII; the
direct outgrowth of the miniaturized electronics industry from the
military economy; the desktop revolution from the '80s on; the new
wave of suburbanization and the SUV culture; etc.).
As you suggest, Michel, capitalism is running out of such outlets
because the unenforceability of IP is resulting in a crisis of
realization.  And as Li suggests, there's a limit to how far the
problem can be circumvented by exporting capital, because there's only
one Earth.
IMO there's another way in which China is about to hit the wall.
China's economic process to date has relied on enormous, extensive
addition of energy inputs, enabled through artificially low pricing of
energy within the Chinese state capitalist economy (around a third of
the world price, I believe).  Now, China can price energy inputs
internally in whatever Alice in Wonderland way it wants.  But it
relies heavily on outside energy markets, and the petroleum-exporting
countries won't sell it for the imaginary prices China uses
internally.  So China is headed for the same kind of input and
resource crises as the West:  its industry will gobble up energy as
inefficiently and wastefully as can be imagined, since it's "free,"
even as the state bankrupts itself attempting to obtain more from
Just from reading the Preface, the book seems to include a
rehabilitation of Maoism as a libertarian/egalitarian/decentralist
ideology.  I've got to say, the idea doesn't appeal to me.  He appears
to treat egalitarian Maoism and the Singaporean model of authoritarian
hypercapitalism pursued by the current regime as the two polar
alternatives.  IMO this is a mistake.
Suppose, instead, China in the '70s had pursued market reform on the
same basis that Gorbachev was feeling his way toward before the coup:
a land reform based on the recognition of village communal rights,
privatization of factories as worker cooperatives, etc.  This would
also have included the actual cost pricing of inputs (which would have
encouraged small-scale production and decentralism, and likely
resulted in a continuation of small-industry at the level of commune
and brigade developed earlier), the free organization of labor (which
coupled with free access to the land would have made China far less
attractive as a haven for sweatshops), and complete repudiation of the
concept of "intellectual property."  China might have developed,
instead, a decentralized market economy of the cooperatively organized
working class and self-employed petty bourgeoisie, oriented mainly
toward mobilization of local capital to produce for local consumption.

@_date: 2009-04-07 12:24:11
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paul Glover's visit to Fayetteville 
To the management of Ozark Natural Foods:
In case any of you aren't yet aware of it, Ithaca Hours founder Paul
Glover is scheduled to visit Fayetteville on May 8-9, and talk with
community economic and political leaders.
It strikes me that ONF's membership, with its diversity of skills and
trades, would be an excellent pool of local providers of goods and
services for a LETS system.  That seems to be an idea that the
business community is currently receptive to, if Collier Drug's recent
policy of subsidizing employee purchases from local businesses is any
Most importantly, in an environment of near-depression and Peak Oil,
local currency systems may soon become vital in cushioning the shock
of the corporate economy's collapse and easing the transition to a
relocalized economy.
Historically, alternative currency systems have provided liquidity to
facilitate direct exchange between producers outside the wage system
and the corporate economy, when money has dried up in the larger
economy (the Worgl currency system in Austria during the Depression is
a good example, and likewise production-for-barter systems like the
Unemployed Cooperative Relief Organization in California).
But they might also become the backbone of a decentralized,
cooperative credit system.  Conventional credit unions can also be
useful to that end, if pushed in a progressive direction of lending
primarily to other cooperatives and promoting relocalization.  But as
an officially recognized part of the establishment banking system,
they're limited by the minimum capialization requirements and entry
barriers, and all the other mandated forms of high overhead that the
regulatory system imposes.  And they're pretty hard to push in that
direction, once they've been corrupted by the establishment culture of
the capitalist banking system and become Cooperative In Name Only.
There's much more hope IMO for expanding local currencies into the
realm of advancing credit to members, in a way that doesn't show up on
the radar of the regulators or the official banking system.  A LETS
system might provide the foundation and membership base for a
crowdsourced microcredit system.
When diesel fuel hits $12/gal in a few years, truckers are abandoning
their rigs on the shoulder, and the grocery shelves are mostly empty,
relocalized production may what prevents total collapse.  A LETS
system would go a long way toward facilitating such relocalization,
providing liquidity and credit to lubricate the an economy of market
gardeners, informal and household microenterprises, and the like.
Please consider sort of official ONF representation during Mr. Glover's visit.

@_date: 2009-04-11 11:07:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
I don't think the Chinese model of state-sponsored capitalism is
sustainable.  China heavily subsidizes energy and transportation
inputs, pricing them at artificially low levels to domestic industrial
consumers, just as did the USSR.  This accounting gimmick won't work
externally--the Saudis want cash on the barrelhead, at the price they
set for crude petroleum--and the increased demand for subsidized
energy inputs by wasteful domestic Chinese producers will just cause
China to bankrupt itself buying oil abroad.
As for a globalized economy with local producers in one place
competing with others all around the world, that is heavily dependent
on a warehouses-in-container-ships model of distribution, which won't
do very well when oil goes back to $150 a barrel--or higher.
If anything, all these things will just hasten the arrival of an
industrial model that *reduces* the capital outlays needed to enter
the market, and makes more efficient use of smaller inputs.

@_date: 2009-04-14 00:30:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Exchange with S.M. Stirling on Decentralized 
I was surprised and pleased to find that S.M. Stirling had visited my
blog discussion of his book Island in the Sea of Time.
He left a comment which led to an interesting exchange:
STIRLING:  Note that the economy of Nantucket in the "Island" books
doesn't -stay- small and decentralized, or rather doesn't stay any
smaller or more decentralized than is required by the small
population, relatively low productivity and hence the limited
opportunity for division of labor and application of comparative
As Adam Smith pointed out, the limiting factor in the division of
labor/specialization is the size of the effective market.
By end of the trilogy they've got a mini-steel-mill built in Britain;
in Ironbridge Gorge, in fact, the original cradle of the Industrial
The reason nobody builds cars in small machine-shops isn't that it's
technically impossible. It's perfectly feasible.
It's just not -economically- possible; the result would cost too much.
That's why most manufactured goods are made in great big honking
plants; you get more for less that way.
If you got rid of all the big manufacturing entities, you could cobble
together something from local resources.
And the process of reconcentration would begin immediately, driven by
the same ineluctable economic logic that caused it the first time, and
by the (instinctual) urge of most humans to follow the "least effort
ME:  I originally intended to address some of the points you raised
(not only Leaton's enthusiasm for the Thames valley as the "Silicon
Valley of the first industrial revolution," but the seeming recreation
of many forms of anti-market privilege by Nantucket like land grants
in the colonies instead of allowing free Lockean homesteading). But I
decided it was outside the immediate scope of my post.
My main area of disagreement with you concerns your assumption that
the rise of mass-production industry resulted from the "ineluctable
economic logic" of superior efficiency.
In fact, I believe that with a few exceptions, small-scale factory
production on the Emilia-Romagna model (integrating general-purpose
powered machinery into craft production, with small batches and
frequent changes between production runs, geared to local demand on a
just-in-time basis) is *more* efficient than mass-production when the
latter's costs of long-distance shipping and push-distribution are
taken into account.
I agree with Borsodi and Mumford that the invention of the electric
motor eliminated the main imperative behind the large factory
(economizing on horsepower from a single prime mover), and put the
household and small shop on an even footing with the "Dark Satanic
Mill." Most of the economies of machine production are captured with
the bare adoption of machinery on a small scale; the modest additional
reductions in unit production cost with large-scale machinery are more
than offset by increased costs of distribution and marketing.
In a free market, American industrialization arguably would have taken
the pattern of a hundred Emilia-Romagnas. Instead, the state tipped
the balance with massive railroad subsidies, "intellectual property"
law, tariffs, regulatory cartelization, etc. Electrical machinery,
rather than living up to the full decentralizing potential of
Mumford's "neotechnic" revolution, was fitted into the older
organizational forms of the paleotechnic era. So what we wound up with
was Sloanist mass-production: enormously expensive product-specific
machinery, which mandated large-batch production 24/7 to minimize unit
costs, which mandated in turn corporate control over external society
to make sure the stuff would be bought up and the wheels could keep
turning. When you figure the enormous amounts of crystalized labor
wasted to keep the system running (the buffer stocks of unfinished
goods and the inventories of finished goods awaiting orders, described
by Waddell and Bodek in Rebirth of American industry; and the
mountains of discarded products in landfills that could have been
better designed around modular components for easy repair and long
life), it's not really that economical.
In fact the costs of extending Adam Smith's market area exceed, in
most cases, the savings from increased division of labor. The problem
is that the state subsidized those costs and externalized them on
In some cases, like heavy engine blocks, the large mass-production
factory really is most efficient in absolute terms. But in most such
cases, I would argue that the product is itself an answer to an
artificial problem created by the state. The present extent of demand
for cars results from state subsidies to sprawl and monoculture. The
civilian jumbo jet almost certainly would never have come into
existence on its own nickel, abseent the heavy bomber program to fully
utilize the expensive machine tools required to produce it.
The most prominent case I can think of of a genuinely valuable product
that requires large-scale production, is the microprocessor
foundry--but even there the scale of demand would be considerably
reduced by easily reprogrammable chips (in which case chips would be
harvested from landfills on the same pattern as local minimills
harvesting scrap metal).
Without government subsidies to economic centralization and
capital-intensive production methods, IMO our economy would look a lot
more like Borsodi and Mumford, and a lot less like Chandler and
I have an extended critique of Alfred Chandler's Whig theory of
industrial progress in Ch. 2 of my org theory book:
It's distilled in a blog post here:
Anyway, thanks much for your comments.

@_date: 2009-04-16 12:17:23
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Pennsylvania pie fight," etc. 
What you described in your article is just one example of a much
broader phenomenon.  The main function of zoning, licensing, local
"health" regulations, etc., is to protect conventional, high-overhead
businesses against competition from the informal and household sector.
Informal and household production is potentially revolutionary,
because it follows a low-overhead business model of producing with
"spare cycles" of ordinary capital goods most people already own
anyway.  If I operate a microbakery out of my home using my ordinary
kitchen oven, or an unlicensed cab service using just my car and cell
phone, or a home microbrewery or the like, the required capital
outlays are almost nonexistent.  So the minimum amount of business I
need to carry overhead expenses is likewise almost nonexistent.  I can
afford to shift incrementally from wage labor to self-employment, and
ride out periods of slow business in my home microbusiness, with
virtually no risk at all.
All the regulations passed for the "public safety" have the primary
effect of criminalizing this business model.  They impose mandatory
minimum levels of overhead, so that the only way to service the
overhead is to engage in large-batch production.  If I have to buy an
industrial-sized oven, dishwasher, and fridge to sell pies, and get an
expensive state license, then I can't afford to enter the market
unless I can do it on a large scale, and do so in confidence of
finding enough business to employ me on a large scale.
Another good example is the effect of CPSIA on small apparel
manufacturers.  The normal business model of a small manufacturer is
this:  come up with a couple dozen or so designs, see which ones sell,
and switch from one design to another in response to orders on a
just-in-time basis.  The CPSIA, by requiring expensive tests that cost
hundreds of dollars for each separate product, criminalizes such
small-batch production.  The only way to stay in business is to
produce in long enough runs to amortize the cost of the testing for
each product.  Again, either start out big or don't even try.
Ditto attempts by licensed retailers to sic the state on food-buying
clubs run out of people's homes, etc.
On a national level, "intellectual property" [sic] law has the same
effect.  In publishing, music, and software, until the late 20th
century the main structural basis for the large corporation's
existence was the enormous capital outlay (hundreds of thousands of
dollars or more) required to enter the market.  The desktop revolution
has reduced the basic item of capital equipment needed to engage in
production in these industries to a few hundred or thousand $$; and
the network revolution made possible by the Internet not enables peer
networks to organize production on an efficiency rivaling that of the
big corporate producers, but reduces the marginal cost of reproduction
to zero.  So with the cost of physical capital required to enter the
market approaching zero, artificial property rights are the main
structural bulwark supporting the old corporate dinosaurs.
We live in what Paul Goodman called the "kingdom of cost-plus":  a
society in which the vast majority of commodity prices consists of
subsidized waste, mandated unnecessary overhead, and embedded rents on
artificial property rights.

@_date: 2009-04-16 16:19:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
I think part of the hesitancy to label it "totalitarian," on the part
of many, is an equation of totalitarianism to mass movements like
fascism in the mid-20th century:  uniformed political parties marching
in the street, giant posters, torchlight rallies, shouted slogans,
bullyboys disrupting meetings, etc.
But totalitarianism can take a bureaucratic form, characterized by
Weberian rationality.  Amaury de Riencourt contrasted the caesarism of
the post-Augustan period with the tyranny of the Greek city-states and
the personalized populism of the Gracchi of the late Roman Republic.
He applied the contrast, by way of analogy, to the caesarism of the
American welfare-warfare state vs. the classical tyrannies of the Axis
It's perfectly compatible with certain forms of "democracy," like what
Noam Chomsky calls "spectator democracy" and the neocons call "rule of
law."  I believe Bertram Gross coined the term "friendly fascism."
In this sense, America has been evolving toward this sort of
totalitarianism since the 1930s (when FDR adopted much of the
corporatism of Hitler and Mussolini, without the slogans and marching
mobs), or the 1940s (the beginning of the perpetual warfare/garrison
state and the perpetual militarized economy).  Since then it's
ratcheted upwards:  the McCarran INternal Security Act, a whole slough
of executive orders proviidng the legal and administrative framework
for martial law, GARDEN PLOT and CABLE SPLICER, the militarization of
local police forces via SWAT teams, the creeping authoritarianism of
the Drug War and the GWOT, Clinton's 1996 "counter-terror"
legislation, USA PATRIOT, etc.  The only respite was the
post-Watergate Church Committee, and Obama's making it clear he has no
such fundamental rollback on his personal agenda.

@_date: 2009-04-17 19:42:35
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Pennsylvania pie fight," etc. 
Thanks, Michel.
I don't know enough about social and economic conditions in Thailand
to analyze the situation there.
But generally speaking, the elimination of occupational licensing and
scaling back of zoning and "safety" codes would work best in synergy
with a removal of similar constraints on subsistence production for
home consumption, and on microproduction for a barter network
organized as a community of producers.
Everything I've said about removing licensing and regulation as an
imposition of minimum overhead levels on microenterprise assumes that
commercial microenterprise in the money economy would coexist with
full freedom to produce in the household economy, or for informal
exchange with other producers via barter networks.
The primary context of all my discussions of low-overhead
microenterprise is the general goal of removing barriers to direct
production for use, and all barriers to free production for exchange
in the social economy of networked producers.  The general idea is to
enable people to meet as many of their own needs as possible, and
thereby to remove dependence on wage employment as much as possible.
That would assume, in particular, a society in which small-scale
ownership of housing and land predominates.  In a society where most
people are landless, urban proletarians living in shantytowns, the
balance of power would be altered so that those engaged in
microenterprise would be dependent on it as their primary source of
sustenance, and selling their labor in a buyer's market.  My goal,
rather, is a society in which 1) people meet as many of their needs as
possible by producing for themselves or for barter using their own
land and property, 2) sale of one's services in the larger commercial
economy is a source of discretionary, supplemental income, and 3)
informal and household production provides a fulcrum for bargaining
power so that people can hold out for the most advantageous terms in
participating in the large money or wage economy.
It's a fairly common rule that if only one form of monopoly is
eliminated, the remaining forms of monopoly will shift the overall
bargaining power of classes so that the nominal elimination of
monopoly is actually twisted to the advantage of those who retain
possession of the remaining monopolies.
Perhaps you can elaborate on how elimination of occupational licensing
and the like fits in as part of an overall package deal in Thailand.

@_date: 2009-04-18 21:14:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] simpler way wiki 
Michel solicited comments on Ted Trainer's "The Simpler Way" website.
As you say, it's a remarkable collection of material.
I've only had time to look through the titles that caught my eye as
related to my own areas of interest:  mainly LETS systems and
relocalized economies.  The following passages seem particularly
relevant to my primary current interest in informal and household
1.  From "We Need More Than LETS":
LETS members soon find that they can only meet a small
proportion of their needs through LETS, i.e., that there is not that
much they can buy with their LETS credits, and not that much they can
produce and sell. Every day they need many basic goods and services
but very few of these are offered by members of the system. This is
the central problem in local economic renewal; the need for ways of
increasing the capacity of local people to produce things local people
need. The core problem in other words is how to set up viable
The core task in town economic renewal is to enable, indeed create a
whole new sector of economic activity involving the people who were
previously excluded from producing and earning and purchasing. This
requires much more than just providing the necessary money; it
requires the establishment of firms in which people a can produce and
earn .
2.  From "Local Currencies":
However the problem is that most people do not have much
they can sell, i.e., they do not have many productive skills or the
capital to set up a firm....
It is obvious here that what matters in local economic renewal is not
redistribution of income or purchasing power.  What matters is
redistribution of production power.
MY COMMENT:
Although Trainer mentions such new industries as community bakeries as
a way of putting productive power in the hands of the presently
unemployed, it strikes me that the underutilized capacity of ordinary
capital goods that most households already own is the single greatest
untapped resource.  There's already a (largely idle) "community
bakery" in existence, consisting of all the ordinary kitchen ovens
possessed even by most poor and unemployed people, which they
currently might use once or twice a week or less.
If people could be put to work using such household capital equipment
to full capacity, and exchanging directly with each other, the meeting
of a major portion of consumption needs might be shifted from the
wage-and-commodity economy to the informal and household sector.
One of the things standing in the way of such a development is the
zoning, occupational licensing, and local "safety" and "health" codes
that criminalize low-overhead, small-batch production.
For example:  a microbakery using an ordinary household oven could
produce high-quality bread, for exchanging for a neighbor's surplus
tomatoes, or for clothing produced by the best seamstress in the
neighborhood using her ordinary sewing machine, or for replacement
parts for a malfunctioning appliance custom-machined by a hobbyist
with a well-equipped but underutilized backyard metal workshop, or for
rides with an unlicensed cab service consisting only of a family car
and cell phone, or for daycare by one of the neighbors--all of them
networked together through a barter system.
But the local regulatory system mandates an industrial-sized oven,
fridge and dishwasher, and often expensive licensing, which imposes
mandatory minimum levels of overhead so that the only way to service
the overhead cost is to work full-time as a baker, with the risk of
going bankrupt if the business fails.
The CPSIA legislation, which mandates expensive testing of each
separate line of clothing, criminalizes small-scale apparel
manufacturers who design many clothing lines and then just produce
each one to demand on a lean basis, because the only way to amortize
the testing cost is to produce a given design in large batches.
On a national scale, "intellectual property" [sic] laws protect the
old corporate dinosaurs from competition by small producers in the
music, publishing and software fields, using only the cheap production
equipment made possible by the desktop revolution, and thus enable the
corporate dinosaurs to pursue a business model in which most commodity
price consists on oligopoly markup or rents on artificial property
rather than actual labor and materials cost.
IP law also restricts the competing production of replacement parts
for other companies' proprietary designs, and the consequent
development of modular product design with competing production of
features and accessories for other design platforms, or competing
product designs around a common basic platform.  This creates a legal
barrier to product design for easy repair and recycling.
Seventy years ago, Ralph Borsodi pointed out that electrical power put
household production on a superior footing to the factory, when the
latter's costs of distribution and marketing were factored in.  Since
then, we've had a quantum leap in the capabilities of household
appliances for milling, preserving, sewing, woodwork, etc.  The
desktop revolution has reduced the minimum capital outlays for
publishing, music, etc., from hundreds of thousands of dollars to at
most a few thousand.  And where larger capital outlays are still
needed, crowdsourcing and other forms of network finance have
eliminated the need for a capitalist banking system.
Borsodi's main shortcoming was in failing to recognize an intermediate
scale between household production and the capitalist economy.  He
argued that the individual homestead should substitute home production
for purchase with wages whenever it created a net efficiency, but
avoid producing a surplus for exchange, because one could only
exchange a surplus on disadvantageous terms in a capitalist market.
He neglected to consider the possibility of direct exchange of
surpluses with other producers in a NON-capitalist market, via small
barter networks.  As a result, the system of household autarky he
advocated resulted in each household having to duplicate most basic
capital equipment, with much of it remaining idle most of the time.
On the other hand, a small-scale barter system would remove the
unnecessary duplication and enable capital equipment to be utilized to
full capacity (i.e., the neighborhood seamstress doing most of the
sewing for the neighborhood and using her sewing machine to full
capacity--rather than every household, even those with mediocre sewing
skills, having its own sewing machine).
The mass production model, with its capital intensive,
product-specific machinery, results in an economy drowning in overhead
costs.  The planned obsolescence and push distribution it mandates
results in mountains of crystallized labor wasted in the landfills.
On the other hand, informal and household production, relying on
"spare cycles" or "idle capacity" of existing capital goods, makes the
informal economy potentially an order of magnitude more efficient.
It's an illustration of Buckminster Fuller's principles of
"ephemeralization" and "doing more with less."  It's much like the
rats in the dinosaurs' nests sixty million years ago, preparing to eat
them alive.  As John Robb says of his Resilient Communities, it offers
an order-of-magnitude "STEMI compression" over the system it's
In the evolution of technology, the next generation of a
particular device/program often follows a well known pattern in the
marketplace: its design makes it MUCH cheaper, faster, and more
capable. This allows it to crowd out the former technology and
eventually dominate the market (i.e. transistors replacing vacuum
tubes in computation). A formalization of this developmental process
is known as STEMI compression:
*Space. Less volume/area used.
*Time. Faster.
*Energy. Less energy. Higher efficiency.
*Mass. Less waste.
*Information. Higher efficiency. Less management overhead....
...[I]s the Resilient Community concept (as envisioned here) a viable
self-organizing system that can rapidly and virally crowd out existing
structures due to its systemic improvements? Using STEMI compression
as a measure, there is reason to believe it is:
*Space. Localization (or hyperlocalization) radically reduces the
space needed to support any given unit of human activity. Turns
useless space (residential, etc.) into productive space.
*Time. Wasted time in global transport is washed away. JIT (just in
time production) and place.
*Energy. Wasted energy for global transport is eliminated. Energy
production is tied to locality of use. More efficient use of solar
energy (the only true exogenous energy input to our global system).
*Mass. Less systemic wastage. Made to order vs. made for market.
*Information. Radical simplification. Replaces hideously complex
global management overhead with simple local management
Unfortunately, the regulatory regime was created of, by and for the
corporate dinosaurs.
One of the chief strategies for a local economy should be to
facilitate networking of such household producers for mutual exchange,
and to run interference against the regulatory barriers.
3.  In "Thoughts on the Transition to a Sustainable Society," Trainer
advocates community gardens and workshops.
This is a common theme throughout the alternative economic literature:
 Karl Hess, Keith Paton, Colin Ward, and Kirkpatrick Sale, among
others.  The most recent and promising incarnation of the idea was
Nathan Cravens' "Triple Alliance" idea
, which was piggybacked
on Dougald Hine's sketch here:
 The one thing that's missing from the Triple Alliance IMO, that
belongs alongside the Fab Lab and Community-Supported Agriculture as
equal in importance, is cheap social housing. This might be done via
cohousing set up as an OS community version of the YMCA, located in a
barebones warehouse-style space of some kind with things like a cot,
plus access to water tap, toilet, and hotplate provided at cost and
perhaps subsidized by contributions. Or it might simply replicate the
immigrant model of several families sharing one house, with some sort
of network arrangement for hooking individuals up with openings.

@_date: 2009-04-18 21:23:27
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] simpler way wiki 
Re my discussion of social housing as the fourth leg of a "Quadruple
Alliance," I meant to add that Steinbeck's positive portrayal of the
government-run migrant farmworker camps in The Grapes of Wrath is an
illustration of another way of doing the same thing.  At the barebones
minimum, a tent city on cheap land organized along the lines of one of
those corporate campgrounds or RV parks, with individual tent
(hexayurt?) spaces and community water taps and composting toilets,
might provide at least an indefinite source of safe and secure
shelter, and would be a lifesaver for those who really needed it.
Some sort of shared transportation could be used to ferry residents to
and from the Fab Lab/Net Cafe/Community Garden sites.
And in either this or the earlier YMCA model, labor in the garden or
maintenance and support work at the Fab Lab and Cafe might be traded
for living space.

@_date: 2009-04-19 13:39:16
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Pennsylvania pie fight," etc. 
Interesting.  It sounds a bit like the patronage system among the
clans chieftains of the Scottish Highlands, with the chieftain
maintaining an extended network of retainers from the poorer members
of the clan.

@_date: 2009-04-19 13:45:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: FYI: Letter in the FT Today 
Georgism is pretty popular on the Pacific Rim, isn't it?  George had a
big influence in Chiang Kai-Shek, land value is taxed in Hong Kong,
land-value taxation was used as part of MacArthur's land reform in
Japan, and South Korea has a very large Georgist movement.

@_date: 2009-04-19 14:33:22
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Kindle and Corporate Lockdown 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader:
Dead Media Beat: No Amazon? No Kindle
via Wired: Beyond the Beyond  by Bruce
Sterling on 4/17/09
*Don't say you weren't warned.  That's not a "library" -- that's a dot-com
Kindle users have been grumbling lately about Amazon locking them out of
their accounts, reportedly due to an overly high volume of returns on their
Kindle books. ChannelWeb  draws
attention to the plight of one user who admitted to three "high-priced
returns," though he denied abusing Amazon's return policy. Despite this,
Amazon banned him from making more purchases from the online store, which
also locked him out of accessing his already-purchased Kindle items.
This particular user eventually got his account reinstated, with Amazon
warning that it could revoke access again in the future. Though the
phenomenon isn't common enough to be considered an epidemic, a number of
other users reported that they had a similar account lock-out from
turning their Kindles into $360 paperweights.
Certainly, this is the type of thing that gives old-school
bibliophilesreason to
continue trashing the Kindle. A bookstore that locks you out
because you treated it like a library doesn't take away the collection
already sitting on your bookshelf, after all.
Incidents like this remind us of what happened in the digital music realm
when MSN Music,
Yahoo Music,
and Wal-Martdecided
to turn off their DRM authentication servers. This still left users
with playable music files, but no DRM servers meant that they couldn't
authorize any new devices in the future, therefore limiting them to the
devices (and operating systems) they had already set up. Ultimately,
customer complaints got loud enough that all three companies decided to leave
the servers onlinefor
a while longer, but to pretend this couldn't happen with
already-purchased Kindle books would be an act of willful ignorance. (...)
*The Kindle fan here is complaining that it's not as bad as all that:
*Yeah? Well, I still say that Amazon is a dot-com enterprise, and I further
allege that a Kindle, as a physical device, will have the working lifespan
of a hamster.
*Real Dead Media fans are now pondering what happens to the entirety of
Western Cybercivilization when Taiwan, the source of all planetary chips,
gets metabolized by the People's Republic of China.
Things you can do from here:
   - Subscribe to Wired: Beyond the
   *Google Reader*
   - Get started using Google
Readerto easily keep up
   *all your favorite sites*

@_date: 2009-04-19 17:02:51
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Re: Governance and Incorporation (was 
I don't usually scan through the Auto-discard notifications because
there are too many of them, but I thought this should go through.
Hi Alex,
I've embedded some comments in your text.
Cheers, I'm offline for the rest of the night.
I'm working on prototyping some game setups (also know as corporate
and legal entities and organizations and stakeholder groups) to
explore patterns in mutual ownership of the means of production.
In many instances it is not, for example, possible to reward remote
investors with anything but state currency, so, this imperfect
variable must be watched, yes?
In our case, remote investors might take rewards in the form of
destination vacations, spa services, etc., rather than money.  We can
get REALLY creative here, a kind of game.
And a focus can be kept on, for example, minimizing profits for those
who are involved on a sweat equity level, especially locally, so that
the common good focus maintains primacy and spoils hierarchical
context (or the power it can have on motive.)
Perhaps part of sweat equity could be rewarded with other people's
sweat equity - like a time dollars exchange..?
This might be done through credits against production of, say, food or
This is all very delicate, of course, since it involves some
obfuscation if there are multiple rewards systems, like profits in
dollars for some but not others.  The profit of dollars is a sort of
privilege, then, bestowed as a measure of embeddedness in hierarchy,
however artificial, yes?If we decide we want / need to hang on to
money to use where only money will work for desired exchanges to take
place, the challenge is to think up various kinds of (non monetary)
rewards that will be attractive to various "investors"... related to
 above.
One of the ways to handle this may be to group shareholders of
production assets together in a flat space, then...this would be a
good way of defending the '1 share, 1 vote' mode of governance.Not
sure I understand this
In that case, then, those receiving rewards as direct credits against
production can be counted on to vote in favor of increasing
production?Concrete example would help
Of note is the idea that the direction chosen by investors can be
countered or vetoed by 'the commons,' as outlined in Chris Cook's
presentations on the role of the custodian in seeing to the vision of
the long term care of the production assets.
We plan, in our case, to vet our investors so they understand our
vision and we understand theirs and we are aligned; if they prove not
to be aligned, we pay them off at the end of the minimal term of
investment and thank them, kiss them on the cheek and say bye
bye...OR, if they want to continue, they pay (take partial payment of
our debt to them) to go through programs that will support their
increased consciousness.  We will probably charge them a lot for those
programs, just to make it a sincere decision on their part.
It's a complex system.  Sorry to throw more pieces in there.  Maybe
someone can shed some light on another way to simplify that role, too,
as an automata.

@_date: 2009-04-20 22:53:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] simpler way wiki 
Thanks for the comments, Nathan.
I agree.  Unfortunately, most green lifestylism is oriented toward
greenwashed goods and services that are actually more expensive than
its conventional counterparts, and that only yuppie types can afford
to patronize out of liberal guilt.
The alt economy's success will come from appealing to the material
needs of people in the situation Dougald Hine described:  "Here's how
you can keep a roof over your head and keep yourself warm and fed,
comfortably and yet far more cheaply than what you're doing now, and
best of all by means under your own control--indefinitely, and
independently of the whims of a boss."
I understand the home/nothome distinction you're making, and your
preference not to include the housing proposal as part of the Alliance
The reason it occurred to me to call it a Quadruple Alliance was
mainly that you were fleshing out a sketch of Dougald Hine's, and
housing seemed equally relevant to the question he used to open the
whole discussion: "how do I survive now that I'm unemployed.
Housing strikes me, if not as a fourth leg of your system, at least a
coequal leg of *an* alternative economic life support system in answer
to the same questions that inspired your Triple Alliance page at
Appropedia.   The housing leg is an essential part of an overall
"resilient community" package that can weather and survive the Great
Recession in a manner analogous to the villa after the fall of Rome.
that may soon be unemployed or unemployed, and consequently homeless,
access to shelter falls in the same general class of pressing
self-support needs as work in the Fab Lab and feeding oneself via the
CSA farm.

@_date: 2009-04-24 10:35:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
If you had asked me in 1990 whether GM could be on the verge of
A lot of it depends not so much on the trends in conventional
education and in technical alternatives for networked education, taken
in isolation, but in the larger economic environment.
I'm thinking of a series of cascading crises in which gasoline in the
U.S. goes over $12/gal., the supply chains of large corporate
manufacturers either collapse or start frantically shortening and
relocalizing, the large hierarchical institutions that provided the
main market for university grads dry up, hollowed-out states lack the
fiscal resources to fund universities at anywhere near the present
level and the securities in private college endowments become
worthless.  And given the current economic environment and Peak Oil
waiting in the wings to return, this is all quite plausible.

@_date: 2009-04-25 10:55:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The nature of apple trees (was: Re: [ox-en] 
This contention, that the "tree" of markets and exchange contains
capitalist DNA, and that exchange will inevitably develop into
capitalism, has been disputed on this list before--by myself, among
others--and I don't think you've proven your case.  You have yet to
demonstrate, IMO, that capitalism is inherent in markets rather than
being a perverted form of the market that arises from massive state
intervention on behalf of privileged classes.  And I think the term
"money trickery" is quite prejudicial, and hardly appropriate for
describing exchanges between equal producers.

@_date: 2009-04-25 11:25:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Difference between Physical and 
Thanks, Michel.  And "craftsmanship," in the sense of custom or
small-batch production with skilled workers using general purpose
machines as tools (rather than deskilled workers using
product-specific machines to produce in large batches) is the basis of
the manufacturing model used in industrial districts like
Emilia-Romagna.  Such localized craft production is actually more
productive than mass-production industry, because it eliminates the
costs of long-distrance production by producing close to the point of
consumption; and because lean, demand-pull production eliminates the
enormous overhead costs from buffer stocks, inventories of finished
goods, etc., that result when production is not governed by
The integration of electrically powered general-purpose machinery into
small-scale craft production is the direction industrialization would
likely have taken after the invention of the electric motor, had not
the state (through railroad subsidies and other aids to centralization
and concentration) instead forced the new technology into the old
institutional forms of the paleotechnic era.

@_date: 2009-04-25 11:29:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Internet Is Absolute Democracy - Be Very 
The two critiques aren't necessarily contradictory; both could apply
to an Internet in which discussion is fragmented into ideological
communities, but each one turns into an "echo chamber" that doesn't
come into direct contact with ideas from other communities that they
disagree with.

@_date: 2009-04-27 08:04:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] George Siemens Blogs On Future of Universities 
The main problem with the university IMO is that the only things
really needed for learning are the learner and teacher, and access to
the information.  It's frequently unnecessary for the learner and
teacher to occupy the same physical space--and when it is necessary in
most cases just about any space close to a library and Internet access
will probably do, unless some sort of specialized and
capital-intensive lab facility is required.  (cf. Franz Nahrada, with
"public school" functions carried out in storefront rooms and other ad
hoc spaces all over the village).  So the absolutely enormous amount
of money spent on plant and equipment, enormous stone and brick
buildings (and especially monumental architecture), on getting
teachers and learners and information together at a centrally located
site, and on the gigantic administrative bureaucracy for providing
services and keeping track of them, is absolutely wasted.
It's about as unnecessary to assemble people at some giant, central
"learning factory" as it is to do the same for physical goods.  The
ability to move information cheaply and easily, which provide a
technical basis for Illich's decentralized learning nets several
orders of magnitude more efficient than Illich himself envisioned,
makes Albert Jay Nock's educational model of "Mark Hopkins on one end
of a log and a student on the other end" more technically feasible
than ever before.

@_date: 2009-04-27 18:14:25
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On unschooling 
I tried to comment on Dave Pollar's recent excellent blog post on
unschooling, and got a 403 error message.
Here's the comment:
Andrew:  You're right that some people can't guide their own
education, but it could be that "guiding" them against their will
won't result in any real learning anyway.  On the other hand, if some
kind of learning is needed the experienced lack may be what eventually
drives people into self-directed learning.  Robert Pirsig's comments
(as "Phaedrus") on the "Church of Reason" might be relevant here:
I can relate, from personal experience, to the scenario "Phaedrus"
describes.  When I was in high school, I was signed up for
Pre-Calculus Algebra against my wishes, with my complaints brushed off
dismissively:  "Well, you need math to get any kind of a good job
these days."  At the time I was interested in history and political
philosophy, and read extensively in those subjects on my own time.
When my own reading interests competed with the hated Pre-Cal for my
time, I wound up dropping out of Pre-Cal with a failing grade, and
hated math for years afterward.
Then a few years ago I wrote a book defending the classical political
economists' labor theory of value against marginalism.  My review of
marginalist literature focused mainly on the Austrians because of
their relative freedom from higher math apparatus, and largely
neglected neoclassical econ after Marshall.  I sorely felt the lack in
the first edition of the book, and decided it needed to incorporate
the neoclassical version of marginal analysis.  So now, after more
than twenty years, I'm reteaching myself algebra and trig so I can
pick up enough calculus to read 20th century econ.  It didn't become
interesting to me until I perceived its relevants to my own,
self-determined needs.
Another anecdote:  A couple years ago, I saw a sign at a local
bookstore announcing it carried Watership Down and the rest of the
public schools' summer reading list.  Thank God, I said to myself,
that we didn't have mandatory summer reading lists when I was in
school.  I first read the book when I was about 40 or so, and loved
it.  But if I'd been forced to read it against my will, via an act
that I regarded as school bureaucrats stealing summer time that was
rightfully my own, I'd have hated the book and cursed it to my dying
I can't count the number of instances when I was confronted with
something before I was ready to assimilate it, and then turned around
years later and eagerly absorbed it when it became relevant to my
The problem is that coerced learning based on someone else's agenda
can be pretty efficient at instilling a hatred of "learning," as much
so as if that was the actual goal.  But then I've almost always been
the sort of person who instinctively hates anything assigned to me by
some authority figure sitting behind a desk (genuine work is to jobs
as genuine learning is to schools).

@_date: 2009-04-28 11:35:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The nature of apple trees (was: Re: [ox-en] 
Agreed.  At the very least, we need a legal system that 1) refuses to
enforce absentee claims to unoccupied and unimproved land (all the "no
trespassing" signs on vacant lots and undeveloped rural acreage will
come down), and 2) removes all regulatory to things like LETS systems
advancing credit, or crowdsourced pooling of credit secured by member
properties, etc., without legally mandated capitalization.
But the distinction between "free speech" and "free beer" gets blurry
when you consider how much of capital cost, in conventional industrial
production, results from inflated overhead and methods that are more
capital-intensive than optimal.  There's an enormous literature by
people like Ralph Borsodi, Colin Ward, Karl Hess and Keith Paton on
just how much of what we consume could be produced with machinery
affordable to most individuals, whether in the household or pooled in
neighborhood workshops.
That's one reason I find the Marxist objection to cooperative markets
("what happens to the losers") so unconvincing.  The miniscule capital
outlays required to undertake production using small-batch production
on cheap machinery mean that there's much less of a threshold between
being in the market and out of it, and not much cost to being a
"loser."  What's more likely, in such an environment, is flexible
manufacturing networks in which nobody is permanently out of the
market, and most "firms" are replaced with ad hoc peer networks of
people constantly shifting back and forth, and one producer or shop
intermittently being the subcontractor and the subcontractee.  The
whole idea of permanent "winners" and "losers" presupposes a
capital-intensive mass-production industrial model with a fixed
worksite, and the firm as the locus of control over invested physical
capital.  In a society where most people own their homes free and
clear and can feed themselves "squatting on the commons," own sewing
machines and garage workshops, etc., outside work will be something
people can take when they damn well feel like it.
Outside work will probably be necessary in the long run, and prolonged
periods of unemployment or underemployment may be uncomfortable, but
the ability to ride out such periods with nothing more than discomfort
or inconvenience means that labor will be in a position to walk away
from the table for a change.  Whatever remains of capital will be in
the position lamented by Wakefield, where it's almost impossible to
find people willing to work at a profitable wage.  And with cheap
capital goods and low physical capital requirements, "outside work"
will more often amount to networking with one's equals to produce
something, rather than working at a wage for the person who owns the
tools you're using.
Well, I prefer to distinguish between capitalism and free markets,
because robber (primitive accumulation) and privilege are integral to
capitalism as we know it.  And "private property" requires some
enormous qualifiers.  I'm partial to usufructory (or
"occupancy-and-use") models of property in land, although even
standard vanilla-flavored Lockeanism would result in an enormous
dismantling of artificial property rights, if ownership required some
past act of "mixing one's labor with the soil."  And of course there
would be no "private property" in ideas, no copyright or patents, and
no trademarks beyond the bare minimum right to tort action for actual
fraud or identity theft.

@_date: 2009-04-28 19:00:16
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On unschooling 
Michel, I understand that many people (like your daughter) may prefer
structured learning environments. In some cases I prefer that myself;
when I do so, the teacher or mentor becomes a sort of ?hired
consultant? who is working for me, rather than vice versa. But I think
the important point is that your daughter?s preference of structure
over complete self-direction was a choice, and the central motivating
factor was still her own desire to learn rather than being subject to
someone else?s will.
I don?t have a problem at all with structure, as such, any more than I
have a problem deferring to the craft knowledge of a plumber or
electrician whose services I engage. In fact, I often browse through
college course catalogs online and use course syllabi as a guide to
studying subjects.
I agree.
I think we're blurring two different distinctions.  An individual
learner may prefer structure and deferring to someone else's guidance,
and still be the primary agent in choosing to learn.  A case where the
person simply does not want to do the effort of learning at all is an
entirely different thing, and I have to wonder how constructive their
learning experience can be (at least beyond the bare essentials of
language and math skills), if they're forced to learn against their

@_date: 2009-08-03 15:42:59
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Terrafoam and schooling and peer networks (was 
Re schooling/prison parallels, I recommend Edgar Friedenberg's idea of
the "conscript clientele" in The Disposal of Freedom and Other
Industrial Wastes.  In one especially striking passage, he describes
public school textbooks:  unlike any other form of literature, whether
the Bible or the sleaziest pornography, the school textbook is
distinctive in that absolutely no one would ever buy it for himself.
He also points out that, regardless of whose ostensible needs the
public schools are serving, they were not formed in response to any
actual demand for service by the alleged "clientele."

@_date: 2009-08-07 01:53:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moloch: Mass-Production Industry as a Statist 
My latest research paper at Center for a Stateless Society

@_date: 2009-08-10 03:52:22
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Crisis at the Factor E Farm 
I just learned about it tonight catching up on my feeds.  I was
utterly astonished at the tone of Inga's post, and the way she tore in
to Jeremy and Ben with what seemed like a lawyer's brief aimed at
demonizing them to the outside world.  Then she followed it up a day
or so later with an apology, noting that they'd discovered the hoses
really did come loose on their own again after Ben and Jeremy had
left, so maybe it wasn't sabotage after all.  As Emily Latella would
say, "Never mind."  I was also taken aback by the follow-up post in
which Inga complained about the "hateful and destructive" tone of the
comments you quote here; nothing hateful and destructive in her
original comments about Ben and Jeremy, eh?
As a "true fan" and someone who's repeatedly tried to promote the
project in the larger alt economy world, I have to say this is really
disappointing.  I'm a fervent supporter of the OSE toolkit, and what
it promises for the future.  I'm just glad the projects and their
progress to date are all heavily documented so others can take them up
and finish them, in more than one place, whenever they want--without
the personality cults and drama.
In addition, this stuff thoroughly creeps me out.  Several months ago
I published a fund-raising bleg at Mutualist Blog for OSE, and Marcin
got into a really bizarre exchange with P.M. Lawrence, a respected
frequent commenter at my blog.  It degenerated into Marcin repeatedly
posting childish taunts like "liar, pants on fire" and so forth.  I
eventually started blocking his comments because they contained
absolutely nothing of substantive value--just a continuing grudge
match.  I was utterly amazed that this kind of meltdown came from the
same Marcin who was doing such wonderful work at Factor E Farm.
The other thing that creeps me out is the hint of Fuhrerprinzip
lurking in Inga's comments, both in the blog post and as quoted by
others in the comments.  The stuff about everybody being guided by
Marcin's vision, and such things not being achieved by democracy, etc.
  That's just really *weird*.  When I read her illustration of the
solar concentrator, with every facet of the array being focused in
common, I thought "Yeah!  Another edifying illustration might be a
bunch of sticks bound around a common axe handle--oh, wait, somebody
else already thought of that."

@_date: 2009-08-10 17:05:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 22, Issue 30 
Nice to see you on this list, Edward.  I remember you from the comment
thread under that blog post on libertarianism.
The question of your RepRap is a toughie.  You should probably just go
with your gut instinct as to how it would be best used.  I certainly
hope Factor E Farm continues, because with all the drama it's still
the most concentrated source of institutional memory on all the
projects as a coherent package, and it would take anyone else a long
time to replicate it based solely on written accounts and video
imagery.  If you think it will continue as a going concern, and be
able to continue making progress on the fabrication projects
(multimachine and all), then giving it to them (if that's what you
were planning), even if you have to hold your nose.  OTOH, if you
think they're going down the tubes irrevocally, then you should
probably shop around for the project that has as many small-scale
manufacturing irons in the fire as possible, where it would best add
to the synergy.
I'm still hoping that the project will survive, that Marcin has
learned something from this, and maybe that Yoko's destructive
influence will be minimized and Marcin will attract some people who
act as a governor for his ego rather than feeding it.

@_date: 2009-08-10 23:13:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
I think it is, if it's understood not as a sacrifice but as a way to
eliminate the unnecessary extra hours we waste to pay for stupidity.
Building stuff to last instead of for a two-year tour through our
living rooms on the landfill  is not a sacrifice or asceticism, it's
being less stupid.  And working a tiny fraction of the hours to get
something from the thrift store or Craigslist, that it would take to
buy it new, is freeing yourself from that many hours of slavery to pay
tribute to the overlords who live off the rents of waste and
artificial property.
I think efficiency,  in the sense of drastically reduced entry costs
and overhead, and drastic "STEMI compression" (or productive
recursion, to use Nathan's term) in use of inputs is at the heart of
what's revolutionary about the new economy.  The old one was set up as
an endless series of baffles and toll gates to create as much noise
and loss as possible between our efforts and our consumption, to feed
those who live off waste and artificial property rents.  I know it's a
metaphor I've driven into the ground, but we're the rats in the
dinosaurs' nests.

@_date: 2009-08-11 04:55:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dystopia in the Outlook Section 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Dystopia in the Outlook
Section via Ezra Klein by Ezra Klein on 8/10/09
Sunday's Outlook section had two pieces outlining pretty dystopic
scenarios. The first was a back-to-the-land manifesto from someone
who's building a self-sufficient farm in rural New Mexico in order to
protect against the inevitable chaos of peak oil and resource wars and
trade disruption and general technological collapse. I've never really
understood that thinking. If humanity goes all state-of-nature, having
a lush and self-sufficient farm is as likely to make you a target of
the desperate many as a member of the privileged few. If trade doesn't
survive peak oil, property rights probably won't do any better.
The second piece is by Gregory Clark, and it outlines something I worry
quite a bit more about. Technological change, he says, will only
accelerate. Whatever worries you had about outsourcing to China and
India, that's "may be only a brief historical interlude before the
great outsourcing yet to come -- to machines." In recent years, wages
for America's unskilled have stagnated, and there's no real reason to
think they'll pick up. "We may have already reached the historical peak
in the earning power of low-skilled workers," Clark writes, "and may
look back on the mid-20th century as the great era of the common man."
"How do we operate a society in which a large share of the population
is socially needy but economically redundant?" Clark asks. "There is
only one answer. You tax the winners -- those with the still uniquely
human skills, and those owning the capital and land -- to provide for
the losers." Clark doesn't argue in these terms, but his conclusion is
that only socialism will be capable of saving capitalism. "In the end,"
he writes, "we may be forced to learn to live in a United States where,
by stealth, 'from each according to his ability, to each according to
his need' becomes the guiding principle of government."
Melancholy Elephants, a story by science fiction writer Spider
Robinson, explores this topic pretty effectively. I thought his
treatment was really profound when I was young and now think it's
didactic and overly blunt. But it's still smart. Sort of like a Kilgore
Trout novel. Robinson argues that we'll need some way to preserve human
dignity in an economy when human beings are fundamentally unnecessary.
As such, a large portion of the population will live on subsidies and
handouts but register as professional artists. They won't be
professionals in the sense that their work will earn money, but in the
sense that they'll be able to lay claim to a pursuit that gives their
life meaning and their days structure.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ezra Klein using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-08-11 00:46:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dystopia in the Outlook Section 
Actually the entire body was the original feed.  I just clicked
"email" at Google Reader.

@_date: 2009-08-12 15:50:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The end of growth? 
Exactly.  The question of whether "growth" can continue is meaningless
until the neoclassical conception of what "growth" itself means is
pinned to the board for a thorough dissection.
Since conventional measures of economic output and GDP reflect
primarily the economic value of inputs consumed, they are largely
irrelevant.  The GDP consists largely of the cost of Bastiat's "broken
windows" and of the cost of waste.  The more superfluous steps are
added to the Rube Goldberg mechanism of material production, and the
more tribute we have to pay for proprietary design and content, the
higher the GDP--even if we're working longer hours to pay for the same
A drastic reduction in inputs required per unit of output, and the
disappearance of the price mechanism altogether for much of what we
consume, would register in conventional econometric statistics as a
catastrophic economic collapse.  But it would be entirely compatible
with a radical increase in actual material standard of living.

@_date: 2009-08-16 13:15:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Income inequality at an all-time high... 
OTOH, wait till we see a catastrophic implosion of profits based on
proprietary information, and even of proprietary physical
manufacturing as it tries to compete with smaller, open-source
alternatives (especially open design communities simply reverse
engineering proprietary designs and ignoring patents).  And I have a
hard time thinking of any secure investment the plutes could shift
their money into that wouldn't be vulnerable to a similar collapse of
Of course, even if "abundance" were to grow enough to offset paid
employment losses, it would show up as a catastrophic loss of jobs and
wage income in the official stats.
We may well be headed to what Charles Hugh Smith discusses at Of Two
Minds, and what Doctorow's writing about in Makers:  the implosion of
both monetary income and monetary wealth as tax bases--in which case
California may be the canary in the mineshaft for all the other hollow
The funny part is, increasingly hollowed out states may be forced by
necessity to fund Keynesian demand management and welfare by simply
creating the money themselves, which which could quite plausibly take
the form of simply depositing interest-free money in citizen bank
accounts out of thin air every month--without the pols having ever
heard of Maj. Douglas.  But such measures, intended to prevent the
collapse of capitalism, would undermine its basic logic.

@_date: 2009-08-18 13:12:07
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] any insights on oil price manipulation? 
Jeff Vail argues that it's a false dichotomy.  The "above the ground"
factors like speculation, restriction of supply, terror attack on
pipelines, etc., are not *alternative* explanations.  They are a
positive feedback mechanism *resulting* from Peak Oil.

@_date: 2009-08-18 13:32:54
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak Oil confirmed by IEA 
Even more important, I think, is that Peak Coal is looming on the
horizon.  This is reassuring because it means there's an end in sight
to the monstrously dangerous "one coal-fired power plant a week" model
of energy development in China, and the "mountaintop removal"
criminals in the U.S.  China, by far the largest coal user on the
planet, is estimated to reach Peak Coal between 2020 and 2030 based on
most recent estimates of coal reserves.  But their coal reserve
estimates are one of the oldest in the world, not revised since the
early '90s.  All the countries that have revised coal reserve
estimates since then have revised them drastically downward, by around
50% on average.  And even taking the 1990 estimates at face value,
some 20% of their total content--the most cheaply extractable 20%--has
been used since then.  So it seems quite plausible that Chinese coal
extraction will peak in the next few years and then decline sharply.
I'm also extremely skeptical of algae as a stopgap.  A detailed
analysis at The Oil Drum found promoters' EROEI estimates were wildly

@_date: 2009-08-18 14:29:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism's Self-Inflicted Apocalypse by 
It never ceases to annoy me that people like Parenti take the "free
market" rhetoric of corporate capitalist apologetics at face value:
"free market corporate capitalism" is by its nature a contradiction in
terms.  It is corporate capitalist precisely to the extent that it is
not a free market.
Condemning corporate capitalism as the 'free market" is about as silly
as denouncing Stalinist Russia as "socialism"--something Parenti no
doubt would object to loudly and strenuously from know-nothings on the
Nevertheless, the following is brilliant as a description of Sloanist
mass production:
Its essence is the transformation of living nature into

@_date: 2009-08-20 13:28:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] request for comments: What property rights in 
Sorry for the delay, Michel.
I confess I had trouble getting into the issue because I'm not a gamer
and the idea of resources in virtual worlds seems of limited relevance
to me.  But it strikes me that Nelson, at least for the sake of
argument, accepts the legal doctrines and jurisprudence attached to
current copyright law, and then simply evaluates whether they're
applicable to virtual property.  Since I consider all the moral
justifications of copyright to be invalid, the invalidity of extending
it to virtual property would seem to follow as a matter of course.
I also didn't see the point, in particular, of extending real-world
law to cover acts of in-game theft, since the rules of any game are to
some extent arbitrary and accepted by the players for the sake of the
game itself.  For the sake of simulating the world in some chosen
particulars, all sorts of rules like gravity and various forms of
artificial scarcity are imposed which do not by the nature of the case
obtain in the virtual world.  Strictly speaking, the virtual world
could be the ultimate gnostic realm of unlimited potential and
abundance--no gravity, the possibility of achieving unlimited
character traits and wealth with no effort, the availability of an
infinite stock of resources for all players, etc.  By the nature of
things, all scarcities in the virtual world are artificial.  And by
the very act of playing a game, the players tacitly submit to the
artificial scarcities created by the game for the sake of

@_date: 2009-08-20 15:39:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bruce Sterling: The Caryatids 
By way of caveat, let me get out front with the admission that this
review involves mainly aspects of the "future history" scenario I find
most intriguing, rather than with the story line or characters.  While
I can get into a good story, I generally read near-future sci fi with
a view primarily to the usable ideas for organizing society or for
explaining the direction things are going in.
The Caryatids is set in the world of 2065, a world wrecked by global
warming, in which most states have been pushed to overload and
collapse by the ecological catastrophes of the early 21st century.
The world is dominated by two networked global civil societies, the
Dispensation and the Acquis.  Both are engaged in the reclamation of
devastated areas and oversee networks of refugee camps housing
millions of displaced persons.
The Acquis is largely green and open-source in ideological
orientation, and the Dispensation is commercial and proprietary.
The Dispensation does not adhere as closely as the Acquis to a pure
networked form; it has a primary geographical base, in southern
California and the Greater LA area (there's mention of a surviving
state legislature in Sacramento).
Like the Acquis, the Dispensation relies heavily on sustainable
technology, but with a much more proprietary and less egalitarian
sensibility.  The economic and cultural  core of the Dispensation
looks like a fusion of Hollywood and Microsoft.  Cory Doctorow calls
them "Al Gore green capitalists,"
 but the
"cognitive capitalism" and "vectoralism" theses are also relevant.
The Dispensation's approach to sustainability, in particular, looks
like something we'd associate with Richard Florida
 and William McDonough
 The underclass majority of the southern California core area, the
residents of the coastal slums displaced by the rising seas and
depression, are clients of Dispensation low-impact housing technology
resembling Marshall Brain's terrafoam welfare dorms in "Manna."
The underclass is also managed with Hollywood bread and circuses.
The leading Dispensation family in the novel, the
Montgomery-Montalbans, illustrate the nature of the Dispensation's
ruling elite.  The family matriarch started out as a starlet in the
early 21st century, and founded a media and entertainment empire that
lies at the core of the Dispensation's elite in 2060.  I vaguely
recall a National Lampoon piece on regional economic elites, with this
comment about a typical family in the New South plutocracy:
Great-granddaddy started a five-and-dime store, Granddaddy sold the
store and bought a traveling circus, and Daddy turned the circus into
a religion and became a billionaire.  As misleading as it is in the
particulars, that conveys something of the flavor.
It's hard to figure out just how much "intellectual property" survives
as the basis of a viable business model in Sterling's scenario.  He
mentions in passing that the movie industry is dead because
file-sharing killed it decades ago.  The M-M family's celebrity,
therefore, involves transforming their entire lives into a sort of
reality show.  Every appearance outside the home is a performance of
sort; the M-Ms function as glorified emcees in the events of daily
life, moving along from one supermarket opening or product placement
to the next.  Even their lifestyle inside the family compound, in its
unabashed vulgarity (every family member has a personal musical theme
that's automatically cued when they make an "entrance" into a room),
is reminiscent of that episode of Seinfeld where Kramer replicated the
"Merv Griffin" set in his apartment.
At the same time, the Dispensation's commercial ventures clearly
presuppose IP.  John M-M, a member of the family who prefers venture
capitalism to entertainment, is developing a sort of virtual tourism
on historical sites, using VR goggles to create living reconstructions
of ancient communties as reconstructed by archaeology.  The VR
techology is proprietary.  How patents are enforced by the
Dispensation, Sterling does not make clear.
One Acquis project, the reclamation of the Aegean island of Mljet (aka
Cyprus), is the backdrop for the first vignette of the book.  The
Acquis team there is experimenting with "boneware" (enormously
powerful mechanical exoskeletons that interface with the brain and are
controlled like extensions of the body) as an alternative to
conventional heavy moving machinery.  The team itself is linked by the
"sensorweb," a neural network, with brain-computer interfaces.  They
can maintain constant realtime communications with the rest of the
team, surf the Net by cerebral cortex.  Especially intriguing:  the
neural net enables the team to "tag" realworld objects with
information.  The whole visual world is like a graffitoed wall, with
its individual parts labeled for significance and indexed to each
China is virtually the only large nation-state to survive as a
unified, coherent entity.  The United States and Europe, for the most
part, are checkered by the city-states and regional governments that
emerged from the period of collapse; most of these entities are
aligned with either the Dispensation or the Acquis.
China managed to preserve its central government, largely through
sheer will and brutality, even as over half its population perished in
the great die-off.  The state of 2065 is obsessed with blockbuster
mega-projects, with so many Manhattan Projects and Tennessee Valley
Authorities puttering away in the bowels of its immense bureaucracy
that no one person is even aware of them all.  One such project is
aimed at restoring the flow of the Yangtse and Yellow rivers by using
H-bombs to melt underground ice remaining in the Himalayas.  New
ecocities in otherwise unsurvivable desert areas, covered with
inflatable domes, preserve urban populations in something like more
sophisticated versions of the old Biosphere project.
Most interesting of all these megaprojects is a breakaway project that
has defected from the Chinese government.  Its leadership is a
genetically engineered duplicate of the old Chinese leadership,
intended to survive the time of troubles and conquer the world in the
aftermath.  These cloned politicians, overcome by delusions of
grandeur, have gone rogue and adopted an agenda of their own:  to
reengineer the human race to survive in a world where a combination of
solar superflare and the Yellowstone supervolcano have reduced Earth's
carrying capacity by 95%.  The human digestive system and its flora
have been engineered to operate with near-100% efficiency.  Livestock
have been similarly redesigned.  Human and animal excrement resembles
crumbly ash, with no usable nutrients or surviving caloric value.  A
sort of portable fermenting pouch, using genetically engineered
bacteria, can transform undigestible matter like grass into something
like yogurt.  Another artifact, somewhat like the stillsuits of Dune,
can condense drinking water from atmospheric humidity.  The idea is to
create a new human race of nomads with a sustainable, if limited
high-technology adopted to nomadic survival.
One of John M-M's unofficial activities on behalf of the Dispensation,
in the course of his work as global venture capitalist, is to examine
the superprojects of the Acquis and Chinese and evaluate their
potential--and to shut them down if they threaten to get out of
control.  John's brother, Lionel Montgomery-Montalban, stated the
problem the myriad of secret superprojects being run by the Chinese:
"Radical projects need *widespread distributed oversight*, with peer
review and a loyal opposition to test them.  They have to be open and

@_date: 2009-08-20 16:10:57
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
Your clarifying comments here are very helpful.  I would argue that
p2p money or credit systems function in a manner analogous to what you
describe for OS hardware:  they reduce peer producers' dependence on
the credit market for investment funds.
Distributed venture capital, as you say re Arduino, is an alternative
to capitalist banks as a source of investment funds when capital
outlays are beyond the resources of an individual of average means.
Distributed approaches to aggregating many small capitals are actually
an answer to the problem that people lack money.  The revolutions in
digital production and in low-cost physical production machinery, and
in peer-organization of production, reduce the entry barriers imposed
by high cost of physical capital.  Not only is a larger share of
production equipment affordable by individuals or small groups, but
peer networks reduce cost by maximizing utilization of spare cycles.
And peer-credit, by way of analogy, reduces the entry barriers to
physical production by making it feasible to aggregate many small
capitals into one without high transaction costs and without monopoly
rents to those who have a state-granted monopoly on the right to
perform the aggregating function.
Peer credit and peer money, even given the existing distribution of
resources, increase the efficiency with which peer communities can
aggregate and use those resources already possessed by their members.
Re the debate over peer money and scarcity of money, by the way, I
just finished reading
Tom Greco's The End of Money.  He argues for mutual credit clearing
networks as a way of facilitating exchange between those who have
services to offer, and those who want them, even when neither has any
"money" as defined by official legal tender.

@_date: 2009-08-21 01:28:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bruce Sterling: The Caryatids 
To tell the truth, I had a hard time getting that straight in my mind.
 It was clear there was some sort of competition between A and D as
alternative demonstration models, with various localities around the
world affiliating with one or the other, and the chance of switching
affiliations.  It was also clear there was something in the way of a
bipolar superpower dynamic between A and D, ranging from Cold War
standoff to a rather cynical co-dominium (e.g., in the case of Mljet,
there was some sort of bilateral agreement between the highest level
leaderships of the two civil societies that the project had outlived
its usefulness and was ready to be shut down and transferred to D.
control).  The A. and D. seemed ready to cooperate based on common
sense perceptions that some Chinese projects were getting out of hand.
 But beyond that, it was difficult for me to define the actual
parameters of the relationship.

@_date: 2009-08-24 15:24:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An End to Economic Growth 
An article by Richard Heinberg at The Oil Drum, "Temporary Recession
or the End of Growth?",  suggests
 that the economic crisis is not simply a cyclical
downturn, but a permanent structural change:  we've reached a limit to
growth.  In so doing, he not only treats energy as "enabler of growth"
but equates growth itself to the increased consumption of resources.
 On the P2P Foundation email list, Michel Bauwens pointed out:
  But it is only a particular kind of growth that has
become impossible, the kind that neoliberalism and friedmanism
promoted that refused to take into account any externalities. A steady
state economy, that recognizes that any input has to recycled back
into the system to the degree that it depletes physically limited
resources, has tremendous 'alternative growth' potential.
 Compare this to Jeff Vail's excellent post on improved technics as
the way to maintain or improve material standard of living in the face
of reduced energy inputs.
 The question of whether "growth" can continue is meaningless until
the neoclassical conception of what "growth" itself means is pinned to
the board for a thorough dissection.
 Since conventional measures of economic output and GDP reflect
primarily the economic value of inputs consumed, they are largely
irrelevant.  The GDP consists largely of the cost of Bastiat's "broken
windows" and of the cost of waste.  The more superfluous steps are
added to the Rube Goldberg mechanism of material production, and the
more tribute we have to pay for proprietary design and content, the
higher the GDP--even if we're just working longer hours to pay for the
same stuff.
By way of analogy, in the cost-plus culture that prevails under the
standard GAAP accounting rules for inventory absorption that prevail
in Sloanist mass-production industry, all the inputs wastefully
consumed are incorporated into the ?value? of the goods that are
?sold? to inventory.  So all consumption of inputs is the creation of
value, just like under a Soviet-era Five Year Plan.
A drastic reduction in inputs required per unit of output, and the
disappearance of the price mechanism altogether for much of what we
consume, would register in conventional econometric statistics as a
catastrophic economic collapse.  But it would be entirely compatible
with a radical increase in actual material standard of living.
The growing irrelevance of conventional measures of economic output to
our actual material conditions of living has been a recurring theme in
recent years.
A good example is Michel Bauwens' work on the untenability of
capturing value from the cognitive realm, and the failure of cognitive
capitalism (the cognitive capitalist model is essentially what Tom Peters is
celebrating, by the way, when he gushes that "intellect" and
"ephemera" rather than parts and labor are some 90% of the price of
his Minolta camera).
More recently, there has been speculation that the current ?jobless
recovery,? with its combination of stagnant total employment levels with rapidly
rising levels of self-employment, represents a major shift toward
value creation outside the cash nexus.
Obviously, this reinforces the growing inability of the old corporate
framework to capture value.  As Rushkoff pointed out, when the
prerequisites of production in the information realm become easily
affordable to the individual, and even the tools of physical
production are imploding in cost, venture capitalists find that nobody
has any need for about ninety percent of the available investment
funds they're sitting on.
 So corporate capitalism's crisis of value realization reinforces the
tendency toward overaccumulation and the shortage of profitable
outlets for investment capital.  The only way to circumvent these
tendencies is through ?intellectual property? and other forms of
monopoly that artificially inflate the amount of capital that must be
invested for a given unit of output, and protect high-cost and
high-overhead producers from market competition.  That is, it depends
on protecting the large appliance manufacturers from small shops and
open-source manufacturing networks mass-customizing modular
accessories and generic replacement parts for their platforms, and
from outsourced supplier networks deciding to produce the platforms
themselves without the brand-name markup.  As soon as enough small
producers decide to ignore the ?intellectual property? laws and become
so dispersed as to be below the state's enforcement radar, the
corporate dinosaurs will sink beneath the tarpits.
 Charles Hugh Smith, likewise, has associated the collapse of wage
labor and the collapsing profitability of investment capital with the
collapse of taxable value.
 This was also a major theme of the first part of Cory Doctorow's
*Makers*, serialized as *Themepunks* at Salon.Com (now being
serialized again in anticipation of the novel's release).
The exploding productivity of desktop manufacturing technology and the
collapse of the proprietary information and technology business model
meant that the Fortune 500 were bleeding red ink and headed for
bankruptcy about as fast as, say, the Soviet Empire in 1990.  A
precipitous decline in average hours of employment at wage labor was
accompanied by a massive shift of production to the basement and
garage workshop.
 In the past, cyclical downturns in employment and industrial output
led (as Michael Piore and Charles Sabel argued in The Second
Industrial Divide) to the enlargement of the craft periphery at the
expense of the old mass-production core.
But starting with the stagnation of the 1970s and 1980s, it has become
a permanent, structural trend.  The growth of local networked
production in Emilia-Romagna arose in that environment.  So did the
networked lean production model of Toyota (in which increasing shares
of production are undertaken by networked suppliers in small shops
using general purpose machinery to switch between production runs) and
the cruder Nike model (retaining control of finance and marketing and
the brand name, and outsourcing everything else to a global
archipelago of sweatshops).  In both cases, actual production is
increasingly carried out by a distributed network, and the corporate
headquarters is just a redundant node to be bypassed.  See Pollard.
 Likewise, economic downturns of the past have always seen a partial
shift of production from wage employment to the informal and household
sectors, and a turn to barter organizations and cooperative
arrangements for exchanging labor.  That was reflected in the
Owenites' organization of production for barter by unemployed
craftsmen in the depression of the 1830s, the many local currencies
and barter networks (some of them, in California, hundreds of
thousands strong) in the Great Depression, and the ?hoarding of
labor-power? and use of the household  as income-pooling unit
described by James O'Connor in the '80s in Accumulation Crisis. But
with the increasing tendency to "jobless recoveries" over the past
twenty years, the cyclical tendency has tended toward a structural
change.  And with what we're experiencing likely to be the mother of
all jobless recoveries, we can expect the total level of employment as
a percentage of the population to remain at record lows indefinitely.

@_date: 2009-08-24 15:27:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An End to Economic Growth 
Ack!   I missed that second, superfluous "that prevail."

@_date: 2009-08-24 15:40:22
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An End to Economic Growth 
That "See Pollard" is a placeholder note I also failed to take out.

@_date: 2009-08-24 20:06:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The rich...no longer getting richer? 
Paul Krugman noted several months ago that the collapse of the
super-rich's paper asset values, at the same time sticky wages
combined with price deflation was leading to a significant increase in
real working class income, was a beautiful thing.

@_date: 2009-08-25 00:04:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An End to Economic Growth 
Sure.  I'm still having access problems at the Dashboard.  James, if
you can give me a functioning login, I'd appreciate it.

@_date: 2009-08-27 02:46:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Typologies of Intellectual Property 
I use the term "IP," always in quotes, because it's handy to have a
catchall term for all the spurious "property" right claims based on
the same faulty logic.  "IP" is a general category for fake "property"
rights, all based on related arguments that ideas or patterns can be
owned.  My aim is to so besmirch and compromise the term "IP" that its
*defenders* will be looking for a new term.

@_date: 2009-12-01 02:28:20
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] about those old android phones for 3rd world 
I'm waiting for them to make a free netbook with 3G.

@_date: 2009-12-03 14:55:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Poverty in Brazil, 
I'm extremely skeptical of such statistics, because computation of
money incomes is likely to include the monetization of a lot of
previously unmonetized subsistence functions.  And the rise in per
capita money incomes is also likely to be accompanied with all sorts
of increases in the money cost of subsistence, as the overhead cost of
many forms of subsistence increases (e.g. the need for growing numbers
of people to own cars as changes in urban settlement patterns render
commuting by foot or bike no longer feasible).  The atomization of
society creates a need to work for wages to obtain many of the
subsistence goods that were previously obtained in the informal
economy, and the kinds of radical monopoly described by Ivan Illich
increase the total overhead cost required for a given unit of

@_date: 2009-12-07 14:05:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] protecting the sovereignity of local communities 
Can you summarize the video for a dinosaur with dialup access?
again), but Kinsella hasn't read the book himself yet.

@_date: 2009-12-07 14:57:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] interview on cuba's agricultural transformation 
Totally agree.  As good a story as Kunstler's World Made By Hand is, I
think the scenario lacks all credibility (I'm cc'ing him, BTW).
People like Kunstler vastly underestimate just how resilient economies
really are.  The "low-hanging fruit" that could be seized if necessity
were dire enough, in a very compressed time frame, probably
constitutes close to half of total U.S. energy consumption.
And the thing is, doing the stuff that's obvious and feasible at first
frees up enough slack to buy time for doing the stuff that takes a bit
longer, and so on.  I think markets will be pretty efficient, as
energy prices skyrocket, at diverting expensive fuel to the most
essential value-added operations--mainly because anybody who can by
any means squeak by without the energy won't be able to afford it.
At the most basic and necessary level, if diesel fuel rose to $15/gal
and the produce trucks were abandoned on the shoulder, we'd see a
local agricultural conversion at least as rapid and dramatic as
Cuba's.  As the supermarket shelves emptied out and people got sick of
the rationed USDA surplus commodities brought in by the Guard, produce
would be moving as fast as market gardeners could put it on the tables
at the farmer's market, and production would be expanded as fast as
they could break new ground.  Ditto  for digging "victory gardens" on
every available patch of land in the 'burbs.
Just switching to telecommuting by most cubicle workers, the
replacement of most business air travel by teleconferencing, etc.,
would eliminate a huge amount of energy consumption.
Re suburban monoculture, food is just one step.  Throw in what's
already feasible in retrofitting the 'burbs as mixed use economies,
like kitchen microbakeries, home-based daycare, home beauty salons,
repairing defunct neighborhood appliances in home workshops,
unemployed plumbers and electricians working out of the neighborhood
with parts from the hardware store and without the overhead of a
plumbing company with commercial rent, etc., and you've gone a long
way toward ending the suburban monoculture pattern that consumes so
much energy.
There'd also be pretty rapid implementation of such low-hanging fruit
as cogeneration of power from industrial waste heat in the first few
With industrial supply chains relocalized as rapidly as feasible for
as many products as possible, the trucking and airline industries
virtually shut down, and essential long-distance traffic routed to the
railroads (and a hundred or two hundred billion $$ to eliminate the
worst bottlenecks and radically expand the capacity of the system),
and I expect we'd see a radically different industrial system in a few
The impetus to networked micromanufacturing operations like
100kGarages, in particular, would result in an exponential growth of
capacity over several years' time.  Neighborhood, backyard and garage
workshops with cheap  CNC tools would be busily ignoring corporate
patents and producing spare parts on an emergency basis as GE's and
Whirlpool's supply and distribution chains dried up, and would
probably switch to making their own homebrew ultra-high efficiency
appliance designs for a tiny fraction of the price of the old
store-bought stuff from Sears and Wal-Mart.
Heating oil price spikes and shortages, with some middle class
families paying $1000/month to run the furnace in winter, would go a
long way toward lubricating things enough to remove the inertia that
currently stands in the way of conventional contractors adopting new
methods like passive solar heating and cooling.
And I just can't imagine a society totally without electrical power,
even with the combination of Peak Oil prices and nuclear terrorism
that Kunstler posited.  Maybe if you threw in a pandemic with medieval
Black Plague lethality and a supervolcano followed by a year-long hard
freeze, and maybe a monster solar flare frying every transformer in
the world, on top of everything else.  But nothing short of that.  All
the prerequisite components are out there, scalable and replicable,
endlessly scattered about at the microlevel, that you can't put the
genie back in the bottle with anything short of the seven plauges of
Egypt and seven seals of the apocalypse, all rolled into one.
As fuel prices rise and the electrical grid enters a period of
increasingly frequent rolling brownouts and worse, it's hard NOT to
imagine a lot of micromanufacturing entrepreneurs being smart enough
to hit on the market popularity of (say) a cheap and durable handcrank
generator with built in AC inverter and storage battery, maybe with a
battery charger built in.  As the energy crisis worsens, I'd expect
them to be churning them out like sausages with a customer waiting
list even so.  So that means, at least, millions of people with
ongoing access to laptops, radios, etc.
Most of this kind of stuff would be done pretty much automatically, as
a result of market incentives from expensive energy, and from the
necessary ingenuity of unemployed people trying to think of ways to
keep themselves fed from their skills.
Part of the problem is Kunstler's such a technophobe he just has no
idea what possible solutions actually exist.

@_date: 2009-12-08 01:18:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] protecting the sovereignity of local communities 
Yeah, I know--the humliation!  I've got an iBook, so I can probably
watch it when I go someplace with free wireless access.

@_date: 2009-12-08 07:44:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project Cybersyn 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Project Cybersyn via
Marginal Revolution by Alex Tabarrok on 12/7/09
Cybersyn was a project of the socialist government of Salvador Allende
(1970-1973) and British cybernetic visionary Stafford Beer; its goal
was to control the Chilean economy in real-time using computers
and "cybernetic principles." The military regime that overthrew Allende
dropped the project and probably for this reason when the project is
periodically rediscovered it is often written about in a romantic tone
as a revolutionary "socialist internet," decades ahead of its time that
was "destroyed" by the military because it was "too egalitarian" or
because they didn't understand it.
Although some sources at the time said the Chilean economy was "run by
computer," the project was in reality a bit of a joke, albeit a rather
expensive one, and about the only thing about it that worked were the
ordinary Western Union telex machines spread around the country. The
two computers supposedly used to run the Chilean economy were IBM 360s
(or machines on that order). These machines were no doubt very
impressive to politicians and visionaries eager to use their
technological might to control an economy (see picture at right.)
Today, our perspective will perhaps be somewhat different when we
realize that these behemoths were far less powerful than an iPhone. Run
an economy with an iPhone? Sorry, there is no app for that.
Indeed, you don't have to read far between the lines of Andy "socialist
internet" Beckett's account to get a flavor of what was really going on:
Beer's original band of disciples had been diluted by other, less
idealistic scientists. There was constant friction between the two
groups. Meanwhile, Beer himself started to focus on other schemes:
using painters and folk singers to publicise the principles of
high-tech socialism; testing his son's electrical public-opinion
meters, which never actually saw service; and even organising
anchovy-fishing expeditions to earn the government some desperately
needed foreign currency.
(Note the classic, 'the visionary failed because others lacked
idealism' story. Meanwhile the visionary is off on an anchovy-fishing
Recently, Jeremiah Axelrod and Greg Borenstein have put together an
excellent video essay (fyi, 25 minutes) which gets to the heart
(perhaps head would be a better word) of Cybersyn by focusing on the
legendary "control room," which they delightfully call the "inverted
It is no accident, say Axelrod and Borenstein, that the control room
looks like the bridge of the Starship Enterprise because the whole
purpose of the room was to exude a science-fiction fantasy of
omniscience and omnipotence. The fantasy naturally appealed to Allende
who had the control room moved to the presidential palace just days
before the coup.
The control room is like the bridge of the Starship Enterprise in
another respect--both are stage sets. Nothing about the room is real,
even the computer displays on the wall are simply hand drawn slides
projected from the other side with Kodak carousels.
Ironically, when rumors of the project began to circulate, the illusion
of omniscience and omnipotence that Beer had created, the same illusion
that so appealed to Allende and that had funded Beer's visions and
experiments, this illusion caused fear that an all-knowing big brother
was on the way--and such fear may even have encouraged the coup.
After the coup, rather than destroying the project because of
its "egalitarian" nature, the military regime was more likely to have
been disillusioned and disappointed to discover project Cybersyn's
Hat tip to Boing Boing.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Marginal Revolution using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-08 14:16:47
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a fictional account of the next American 
Thanks, Michel.  I bookmarked Robb's review with the intention of
ordering the book.

@_date: 2009-12-08 22:33:04
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project Cybersyn 
Definitely.  But there's probably a limit to the scale of
coordination.  Such stigmergically organized projects must be tied,
directly or indirectly, to a market pricing system that values their
inputs.  And market pricing systems are useful for providing a system
for evaluating the most productive use of inputs, comparative demand
for different products, and the most productive of competing uses for
inputs.  I see peer production taking place within a market framework
that serves an informational function (if one of last resort).

@_date: 2009-12-09 16:34:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
Well, sure.  And if your aunt had testicles....
It's been a commonplace observation at least since Hume that the power
of even the most authoritarian governments rests on the willingness of
a majority of the  population to obey.  When that willingness
evaporates, someone like Ceaucescu can fall overnight.
I think it's a lot broader than that.  More generally, every form of
class society, every system  of domination, rests on a cultural
reproduction apparatus that generates the kind of human raw material
the system needs for its survival.  Not just compulsory school, but
the rest of the educational/propaganda functions of our society,
including the mainstream press, and enculturation within most
For the first time, though, network culture is creating a situation in
which the transaction costs of challenging "consensus reality" are
virtually zero.  Just compare the scale of opposition to the 2003 Iraq
war, and the speed with which they arose, with the situation in the
Gulf War of 1990-91 in pre-Internet times.

@_date: 2009-12-10 15:10:54
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project Cybersyn 
I think one of the biggest failures of
Both the neoclassicals and Austrians treat the firm as a black box or
a unitary market actor, and don't even deal with transaction costs
within the firm.  But in fact power relations within a hierarchy lead
to exactly the same kinds of irrationality and conflict of interest,
the same agency and information problems, that result form the
exercise of power in the outside market.
Cooperative specialization will out-perform
The most important thing IMO is that markets for raw materials and
primary goods exist on some scale, as an ultimate reference point (no
matter how indirect) for valuing inputs and enabling assessments of
comparative efficiency to be made even in the non-monetized peer

@_date: 2009-12-10 16:45:03
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Paul, as interesting and well-argued as your posts on the subject are,
I'm afraid I'm extremely skeptical that automation is the primary
reason for the jobless recovery, or that that will be a primary cause
of structural unemployment in the near term.
For one thing, replacing humans with industrial robots is the kind of
expensive, capital-intensive investment that the old mass-production
industrial core was prone to in its heyday.
But the old manufacturing corporations are deliberately eschewing
investment in capital-intensive factory machinery, for the reasons
described by Piore and Sabel, and instead outsourcing production to
small-job shops in distributed supplier networks.  Those job-shops may
be more technically sophisticated than the factories they're
replacing, but it's the kind of sophisticated machine design that
expands the machine's usefulness as a craft tool in the hands of a
skilled worker.
More than anything, I think structural unemployment results from
excess industrial capacity and the lack of sufficient demand to run
industry at capacity.
And even for mass-production industry, it's of questionable economic
benefit.  For one thing, a robot hand with sufficient manual dexterity
to perform a wide range of delicate operations is great, but until
there's also a robot with the processing capability of the human mind
that's capable of the craft skills and judgment to run a range of
general-purpose machinery, the way a Japanese worker does on the shop
floor, robots are probably the least thing folks in Detroit have to
worry about.
The Japanese deliberately chose Taichi Ohno's reinvented version of
craft production with flexible machinery and a skilled work force,
over robotization and deskilling of the work force.

@_date: 2009-12-12 12:32:48
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I still think the Brain scenario of automation as a threat to "jobs"
is something that makes sense mainly in the old mass-production
industries, with proprietary designs.  More below.
One problem with traditional mass-production industry, with
proprietary design, was that it made it much easier for industrial
cartels to capitalize the immense productivity increases as rents
rather than passing them on to the workers, so that one had to work
forty hours to earn the money to purchase goods and services that
contained ten hours' worth of labor and materials.
The lower the capital outlays for production, the less viable this
becomes, and the less meaningful the "job"--and the distinction
between full-time employment and unemployment--becomes.
In a decentralized economy of garage factories with a few thousand $$
worth of machinery, and without embedded IP rents on design as part of
price, there are few barriers to the available work shaking itself
down and distributing itself among a large number of part-time
microproducers working far fewer hours to pay for stuff at the reduced
price.  And the lower capital  outlays, and the lower overhead to be
serviced, the fewer barriers to work sharing on the Emilia-Romagna
model, with no permanent unemployment--just people coming into and out
of the market for  particular products.
And the more decentralized production and the more distributed
ownership, the more likely that decisions on what technology to adopt
will be driven by the priorities of small craft producers rather than
mass-production industrial giants looking to substitute capital for
labor and deskill labor.
The thing is, it's hard to even *find* those kinds of industrial
producers any more.  The ones that have offshored from the U.S.
haven't for the most part been replaced by large factories overseas,
but have at the same time outsourced most of their former operations
to small job shops.
Brain's unemployment scenario is primarily a threat in circumstances
where capital substitution is still expensive, because automated
capital equipment is expensive.  In those circumstances, the people
who can afford the expensive machinery control access to the jobs, and
appropriate the increased productivity for themselves.  But when the
cost of automated machinery falls to a few hundred or thousand $$,
Marshall's scenario becomes meaningless.
Again, though, when the cheapening of production technology makes it
affordable to ordinary workers, and most manufacturing is undertaken
in garage factories with capital equipment affordable by ordinary
workers,  who's  going to be making the business model decisions?  And
with such low capital outlays, and with productivity increases going
into imploding price rather than profit, i repeat that the traditional
model of "jobs" and "unemployment" becomes meaningless.  When you can
afford your own factory for a few months' wages, who's going to fire
Throw in, also, the reduced cost of subsistence and the reduced range
of self-employment alternatives when the primary source of
manufacturing work dries up for a while and you have to ride out slow
business.  Consider the effect of reduced capital outlays for
producttion in the household sector, and the ability of unemployed and
underemployed people to meet a large share of their needs by producing
directly in the household for direct exchange among themselves.
If we wind up with a society under the kind of lockdown Brain
envisions, it will *not* be driven by the free market.  And it can't
even come about as a side effect of existing hierarchical enterprises
adopting the kind of automation technology he envisions, under the
existing legal regime.  It will require a massive augmentation of the
legal regime to *suppress* low-overhead, low capital outlay production
by self-employed people buying their own equipment.
Well, yeah, that's what's already in process of happening with
100kGarages.  But when the primary decision makers are the team of
people working with a 3-D printer and ShopBot, and their automation
choices are driven by their own priorities and interests as craft
producers, you've already got a significantly different scenario than
Brain describes.  And when capital outlays are miniscule, again, who's
got the authority to tell anyone they're "unemployed"?  The lower the
capital outlays and overhead, the fewer hours of work are required to
service it.
I disagree.  A lot of it has to do, not with social conscience or
makework, but with lean production's concept of efficiency which is
far, far different from the efficiencies of Sloanist mass production.

@_date: 2009-12-13 13:34:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Or even to an ecology of cooperating and competing "civil society"
meshworks.  This would be, to some extent, a return to the pattern of
Europe before the rise of the modern state, when there was really no
such thing as territorial sovereignty.  King, feudal lords, mercantile
leagues, and church coexisted without any single authority capable of
regulating relations between them.

@_date: 2009-12-18 04:47:35
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] SUPER EMPOWERMENT:  Hack a Predator Drone 
Classic example of Assassin's Mace. Also one of the most heartening
things I've seen in a long time.
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: SUPER EMPOWERMENT: Hack
a Predator Drone via Global Guerrillas by John Robb on 12/17/09
Skygrabber. $25.95 Easy to use software that enables you to hack the
video feeds of US military drones (satellite dish, satellite card, and
desktop computer required). Classification: DIY weapon.
Iraqi and Afghan insurgents are currently using cheap software to hack
the video feeds of Predator (and likely Reaper) drones. Due the
difficulty of adding encryption to a large number of deployed systems,
each with high bandwidth video flows (particularly the "Gorgon's Stare"
with 10 separate feeds), a quick fix is very unlikely.
Skygrabber was developed by a Russian software company to allow people
to snatch the content (media files) that other people were downloading
via their satellite Internet connection (all part of the copyright wars
currently underway). It has the following description:
But you say, well, well, we get the data, but how do we get the files
that other users are downloading? The SkyGrabber can do it. The program
intercepts data of other users, assemble in files and saves files in
your hard drive. SkyGrabber makes your life more exciting and
NOTE: I got a flood of e-mails this morning on this story. Thanks much
to the global guerrillas community!!
This event isn't an aberration. It is an inevitable development, one
that will only occur more and more often. Why? Military cycles of
development and deployment take decades due to the dominance of a
lethargic, bureaucratic, and bloated military industrial complex.
Agility isn't in the DNA of the system nor will it ever be (my recent
experience with a breakthrough and inexpensive information warfare
system my team built, is yet another example of how FAIL the military
acquisition system is).
In contrast, vast quantities of cheap/open/easy technologies
(commercial and open source) are undergoing rapid rates of improvement.
Combined with tinkering networks that can repurpose them to a plethora
of unintended needs (like warfare), this development path becomes an
inexorable force. The delta (a deficit from the perspective of the
status quo, an advantage for revisionists) between the formal and the
informal will only increase as early stage networks that focus
specifically on weapons/warfare quickly become larger, richer, etc.
(this will happen as they are combined with the economic systems of
more complex tribal/community "Darknets").
The idea of building a defense acquisition system that accelerates open
source weapons production -- one that outcompetes the military
industrial complex by several orders of magnitude in time, cost,
effectiveness, flexibility, ease of use, etc. -- sounds like blast!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Global Guerrillas using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-18 04:54:54
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Drone hacking via MAKE
Magazine by Phillip Torrone on 12/17/09
Drone hacking? Really? With off the shelf software?
Militants in Iraq have used $26 off-the-shelf software to intercept
live video feeds from U.S. Predator drones, potentially providing them
with information they need to evade or monitor U.S. military
operations. Senior defense and intelligence officials said
Iranian-backed insurgents intercepted the video feeds by taking
advantage of an unprotected communications link in some of the remotely
flown planes' systems. Shiite fighters in Iraq used software programs
such as SkyGrabber -- available for as little as $25.95 on the Internet

@_date: 2009-12-19 12:06:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
True enough.  And one reason the known problem hasn't been dealt with
is that the Pentagon assumed Al Qaeda wouldn't be smart enough to
exploit it.
Reminds me a bit of Cory Doctorow's description of the music
industry's approach to DRM:  it just has to be good enough to thwart
the average user, because the geeks who can break it aren't a
significant source of loss.  The problem is, this completely ignores
the phenomenon of stigmergic effort:  it may take a lot of effort for
the geeks to figure out how to exploit the weaknesses of the system,
but once they figure it out they can promulgate it among the grandmas
with little or no transaction cost.

@_date: 2009-12-20 12:36:11
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
They're all bad guys.
But I'd rather have a balance of power between a bunch of little bad
guys, rather than one gigantic bad guy trying to permanently enforce
its status as sole global superpower and enforce a global system of
corporate power.   When one of the bad guys has the explicit policy of
preventing the emergence of any challenge to its power, and in its
more grandiose moments dreams of space battle stations that can
vaporize fleets and armored columns on the ground, it needs to be
taken down several notches.
The motivations of the U.S. national security state probably haven't
been any more evil than the other governments, but its capability for
evil has been much, much greater; and in policy terms, it's been
mainly a force for evil over the past sixty years.  The neocons and
the PNAC, and their aims explicitly codified as official U.S. national
security doctrine, scared the living shit out of me.  It needs to be
razed to the ground, and the ground sown with salt.

@_date: 2009-12-20 13:56:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
That's true, if the choice is only one between living under
fundamentalist Islam, versus the kind of consumer capitalist society
we currently live under in the West.
But that question has little to do with the question of whether or not
the U.S. is unrivalled hegemon on a global scale.
It's a good idea to ignore the U.S. government's self-professed
motivations, and look at what it's actually doing.  Its "good reasons"
for what it's doing seldom have much at all to do with what its actual
reasons are.
In regard to radical Islam, the U.S. Gov only has problems with
military dictators or Muslim fundamentalists when they don't do what
they're told or when they become a liability to the global corporate
system.  The U.S. liked Muslim fundamentalists just fine in
Afghanistan when it was the USSR they were fighting, and it liked them
just fine in the Balkans when they were fighting Milosevic.
In general the U.S. tends to prefer a certain kind of formal democracy
(the kind of spectator democracy promoted by the NED/Soros
Foundation/IRI) over military oligarchies, because it's less messy and
less of a PR problem.  But it will replace a comparatively democratic
system with a military dictatorship in a heartbeat when it judges the
military oligarchs will be more pliable in accommodating global
corporate interests (e.g. repeated attempts at military overthrow of
Hugo Chavez).
Manuel Noriega and Saddam Hussein were both CIA clients, installed by
the U.S., who were later cut loose when they stopped playing ball.
If Satan were a CIA client, and his arch-devils were all trained in
torture at the School of the Americas, and tomorrow he stopped taking
orders from Washington, you can be sure that the day after that Gibb
would be up at the White House podium announcing in shocked tones all
the awful stuff they'd "just discovered" was going on in Hell.  And
then a 25-year-old photo would surface of Don Rumsfeld shaking hands
with the Devil.
The point is, we're not going to be governed by radical Islam in the
U.S. in any case.  And the kinds of regimes the U.S. promotes overseas
have little to do with the real values of the American people.  The
reason things are better inside the U.S. than elsewhere in the world
is that it's better to be inside the tent when Uncle Sam is inside
pissing out.  Overseas, despite all the idealistic rhetoric about
"promoting democracy" and "stability," the U.S. has supported some of
the most tyrannical and genocidal monsters in history.
As a simple practical matter, most of the U.S. government's ostensible
aims are unattainable.  Once Saddam was overthrown it was inevitable
that Iraq was going to be governed by some sort of theocratic-leaning
Shiite coalition, and that it would be in Iran's strategic sphere of
influence.  It's inevitable now that Afghanistan's territory will be
governed by local tribal and clan-based entities with strong
fundamentalist leanings, and that the national government exists
largely on paper, regardless of what Obama's surge does; it's
delusional even to refer to an "Afghan people" or an Afghan "nation,"
because no such thing exists--it's just a catchall name the Brits came
up with for convenience, to describe all the unorganized crap between
Persia and the Raj. The administrative costs of maintaining a genuine
central government with real powers over the territory of Afghanistan
would exceed its GDP.

@_date: 2009-12-21 01:20:18
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Possibly, but considering how much anti-American terrorism is blowback
from being an imperial power in parts of the world where American
presence is not desired, I believe simply dismantling overseas
military bases and carrier groups and bringing the troops back home,
and eliminating foreign aid (especially to Israel) would result in a
massive net reduction in hostility toward the U.S.  I don't buy into
the neocon belief that "they hate us, not for what we've done, but for
who we are."  And absent a military presence in the Middle East and
active support for Israel in the Israel-Palestine conflict, I doubt
anti-American terrorism would ever have become a serious issue in the
first place.
Simply staying out of things attracts a lot less blame.  I'm sure
there are Christian fundies who blame the U.S. for not doing a
full-scale Balkan or Somali intervention in Sudan, but that's nothing
compared to the scale of negative attention the U.S. would attract on
a global scale as an actual player in the conflict.  I can't imagine
the U.S. attracting a lot of negative commentary for simply shutting
up and staying out of Afghanistan from ca. 1978 on, but deliberately
destabilizing that country to lure the Russians into a quagmire and
then arming fundamentalists to fight the Russians had consequences
beyond the imagining of Brzezinski et al.

@_date: 2009-12-21 01:58:47
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
How about the millions of people who never had the chance to live
under Mossadeq rather than the Shah, under Arbenz rather than a series
of military dictators, etc.?  As for the millions of people massacred
by Suharto and Mobutu, by Central American death squads, by generals
installed in power in the Southern Cone pursuant to Operation Condor,
etc.--well, I guess they never "gained the worldview to be liberated,"
The only place where the model has been even arguably liberating and
productive over the past fifty years has been the core area, which
would have been organized along lines of corporate capitalism and
formal parliamentary democracy in any case--regardless of whether or
not the rest of the world had been organized on neoliberal lines.
The world the United States has created on the periphery has been very
much a continuation of the global order the British attempted before:
to use the Third World as a source of cheap labor and raw materials.
In some ways it even continued fascist policies after WWII, as
recounted by Gabriel Kolko in The Politics of War:  removing left-wing
resistance forces from power where they'd made gains on the ground,
and replacing them with provisional governments made up of former Axis

@_date: 2009-12-22 12:49:04
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I also wonder whether that 15% uncertainty is cumulative when you're
modeling complex interactions between individuals on a large scale.
Amazon's book recommendations irritate the shit out of me because
they're so damn clumsy.  Every time I buy a book, I wind up deleting
half the recommendations because they have the same keyword in the
title or are by the same author.

@_date: 2009-12-22 16:41:06
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: CubeSpawn project 
I have been reading through the P2PFoundation site, it is MOST instructive!
It seems very worthwhile to contact the group and make you aware of
the project I have started:
 , as it appears you already have a mature
idea of the nature of the transition taking place.
No single agency will bring about this conversion from centralized
manufacturing, as we see it to day, to distributed manufacturing as is
anticipated. But I DO think that specific events could be used to
catalyze a broader awareness of, and an interest in, accelerating the
I have been in touch with some of the foundations members recently,
Brian Bishop, Marcin Jakubowski, and Eric Hunting. All have rresponded
favorably to this idea.
But I need to engage the support of the whole community, pending a
favorable review of my projects objectives and state of completeness,
of course, but I know I can't do it alone.
I think the cubespawn project can serve to accelerate the adoption of
modular general manufacturing equipment in the maker community.
The objectives are to initially make inexpensive, light duty, open
source machines, get a practical set of designs published, then let
the makers take over and add, extend and modify the designs as they
see fit.
I'm not interested in the project purely for its technological merits,
I'm more interested in the social transformation it may help to usher
Your feedback appreciated,
James Jones

@_date: 2009-12-24 13:36:58
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I meant to address this when Ryan first wrote it, but deleted the message.
There's a big problem involved in saying that the danger is from other
people rather than machines.  Machines with such capabilities are
generally developed by INSTITUTIONS, and you'd damn well better be
afraid of the people running the institutions that develop those
machines.  Those machines will not be used in a manner motivated by
disinterested benevolence, for the welfare of "all of us."  They'll be
used for the interests of the ruling classes that control the dominant
institutions.  And those interests are in pretty much a zero-sum
relation to ours.
No, Ryan's dog is not worried about its privacy, because it loves him
and trusts his benevolence.  But if you believe the people running the
corporate state, regardless of their professed motives, feel the same
way about you that you feel about your dog, be prepared for a nasty
surprise when you cease to be useful or become and inconvenience, and
you find yourself in the gas chamber at the local animal shelter.
It gets back to Ryan's earlier stated view of neoliberalism and
American hegemony, accepting at face value their stated rationales for
their own agenda, and contrasting the benevolent civics book language
of America's cultural reproduction apparatus with the actual deeds of
Islamic fundamentalists.  News flash:  Islamic fundamentalists, to a
significant extent, ARE one of the real-world deeds of the American
hegemons.  No mujaheddin, no Al Qaeda--period.  And the same is true
of the awful "threat" from Saddam's secular tyranny, which "used
(gasp) weapons of mass destruction against its own people."  As the
saying goes, "we" knew Saddam had WMDs, because "we" kept the
What the U.S. government does around the world, and the rhetoric it
uses to legitimize itself, are two very different things.  From Arbenz
to Mossadeq to Allende, to WIPO and TRIPS, the rhetoric has always
been "democracy, free trade, and free markets."  The reality has
always been a boot stamping on a human face.

@_date: 2009-02-09 14:07:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
This was at the heart of Marx's conflict with Proudhon and
market-oriented Ricardian socialists like Thomas Hogskin.  As Maurice
Dobb pointed out in his introduction to Contribution to the Critique
of Political Economy, "unequal exchange" was "the kind of explanation
that Marx was avoiding rather than seeking":  "It did not make
exploitation consistent with the law of value and with market
competition, but explained it by departures from, or imperfections in,
the latter."  And this explanation left him vulnerable to a response
from left-wing classical liberals, including market socialists like
Hodgskin and the American individualist anarchists:  "join with us in
demanding really free trade and then there can be no 'unequal
exchanges' and exploitation."
This defensive posture was indicated, I think, by Engels' argument
against the "force theory" in Anti-Duhring that the development of the
wage system would have followed the same path even had there been no
land expropriations, slavery, authoritarian state controls on labor,
etc., involved in the primitive accumulation process.  In so doing, he
essentially backtracked (apparently with Marx's approval, given that
Marx is supposed to have examined the manuscripts) from Marx's
brilliant historical analysis in vol. 1 of Capital.
As an individualist anarchist, obviously, I believe Hodgskin et al got
it right.
Unequal exchange was built into the labor market from the beginning.
That unequal exchange results not from the sale of labor-power as
such, but from the fact that privilege (state-enforced scarcity of
land and capital) makes land and capital artificially costly and
forces labor to sell itself in a buyer's market, paying a premium for
access to the means of production.  The natural price of labor in a
free market is not, as Ricardo and Marx argued, its reproduction cost
(however that argument is qualified by the cultural definition of
reproduction cost).  The natural price of labor results from its
disutility:  the fact that only labor, of all the "factors of
production," must be forced to contribute itself to the production
process. This is why effort is the source of all exchange value.  As
Benjamin Tucker argued, in a free market only what has cost
contributes to cost; and in the end, what but labor has any real cost?
The prices of all the non-labor factors, over and above amortization
costs of embedded past labor, result from monopoly rents attending to
artificial property rights.  They are examples of Dobb's privileged
tollgate keepers, engaged in what Veblen called "capitalized
Were such forms of artificial scarcity not enforced by the state, and
were labor allowed free access to vacant land and allowed to mobilize
credit at cost without the state banking system's entry barriers, then
a much larger portion of the labor force would be self-employed,
either in individual and family businesses or in worker co-ops.  More
importantly, where wage employment continued, the rate of profit would
be driven down by competition from the possibility of self-employment.
 As a wide range of thinkers have pointed out, it is only possible to
get labor to work for less than its full product only when it is
deprived of independent access to the means of subsistence and
production.  That's why it has been such a central focus of the
employed classes to close off such access, and to eliminate
competition from the possibility of self-employment.
Even so, under the old and conventionally (but wrongly) named
"laissez-faire" regime, you are at least right that commodities tended
toward their actual value.  The main form of exploitation took place
within the production process, through the sale of labor-power at less
than its natural rate (which was its full product).
But this is not at all true of commodity prices under monopoly
capitalism.  Economic exploitation in the exchange process has,
arguably, superceded exploitation in the employment process in
importance.  It's quite likely that the total of super-profits
extracted from the consumer through oligopoly markup, embedded rents
on artificial property rights like "intellectual property," etc.,
exceed the amount of surplus value extracted through the production

@_date: 2009-02-12 14:48:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Abundance] Re: Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The 
Adam Smith, faced with a similar question about how the cost of
schooling, difficulty and unpleasantness of work, etc., could be
factored into wages.  He argued that this would be done by the
"higgling and bargaining of the market."  Thomas Hodgskin, a market
socialist heavily influenced by Smith, argued that this "higgling"
process would result in wages that reflected such factors, if a free
market existed in which the propertied classes lacked the
legally-enforced privilege that enabled them to charge artificial
scarcity rents on land.
And if I can throw another name in there, Franz Oppenheimer (a
Georgist of sorts) argued that, absent monopoly rents on land and
capital, the produce of labor would automatically distribute itself
among workers in proportion to their subjective disutility.   In cases
of work that was more onerous or unpleasant to some than to others,
people would eventually sort themselves out into new lines of work,
until the subjective satisfactions and dissatisfactions were equalized
between employments with wages reflecting the average level of
Another question comes to mind: "Would
Absent artificial scarcity rents on capital, the individualist
anarchists argued, the price of capital would reflect only the cost of
retiring the past labor embedded in them.
Far from disproving or replacing the LTV in classical political
economy, IMO marginal utility theory simply described the mechanism by
which it operated.  The classicals, Smith and Ricardo, saw the law of
value as describing the natural value toward which actual prices were
always fluctuating.  But this gravitation toward natural value took
place *through* supply and demand.  The marginalists are right that
value is determined, given the snapshot conditions of supply and
demand at the point of exchange at any particular time, by marginal
utility.  This is, as Simpson's lawyer Lionel Hutz put it, "the best
kind of true:  technically true."  The part it leaves out is that
supply itself changes over time in response to price, for goods whose
supply is elastic, until the marginal utility of the last unit
produced equals the cost of producing it.
The classicals had two separate paradigms, one (the law of labor value
or the law of cost) for goods in elastic supply, and the other
(pricing by scarcity) for inelastic goods like rare collectibles, or
food in a city under siege.  The marginalists took the scarcity
paradigm and applied it to all goods.  But to make it work, they had
to abstract the time factor and treat the calculation of marginal
utility as something that took place at a point in time, rather than a
dynamic dependent variable over time.
It would probably cause a collapse of much of the corporate economy,
as the scarcity its profits depended on ceased to exist.  But it seems
to me that, absent some radical breakthrough working on new scientific
principles, the available replacements for fossil fuels are either
available in limited quantities, or have a much lower energy return on
energy invstment (EROEI), or both.  In that case, the best path to
energy abundance is to reduce the need for energy as an input,
following Amory Lovins soft energy path.
I think I grasp the gist of the Recursion page at Open Farm Tech wiki,
although I got it mainly from the text rather than the formulas, not
being a math person.  If I understand you correctly, I suspect the
reason for that 5:1 savings in substituting labor on-site for purchase
is all the hidden markups in the bought product (including overhead
costs from administration in a conventional business firm, rents on
IP, fixed job categories, failure to optimize choice of
cheap/vernacular/locally available materials, etc.--all the stuff Ivan
Illich and Paul Goodman wrote about).  More generally, it results from
the superior ingenuity available when the  intermediate steps between
design, decision and execution are reduced, and the person doing the
work is free (and has the incentive) to tweak design so as to minimize
I totally agree with your point about cost savings being passed on
through competition.  This is the normal process in a free market:
for the cost-saving benefits of technological innovation being
"socialized" through competition.  One of the main functions of
artificial property rights, whether in land or in ideas, is to enable
a privileged class to appropriate the free gifts of nature (inherent
productivity of the land, the power of the sun, the elasticity of
steam, etc.), or to appropriate the productivity benefits of
innovation.  Compare your and Marcin's model for replication with
James Watt's exercise of his patent rights over the steam engine.
I wrote about this in a chapter of my org theory book:
Chapter Eleven:  The Abolition of Privilege

@_date: 2009-02-12 15:31:02
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: whoops - even digital and physical systems 
Most likely commons governance is unsuited to a group without some
organic social cohesion, face to face acquaintance, etc.  And its
unsuited to a situation in which the group lacks credible means of
enforcing rules.  The classic example of common property, a village
common, had both these things.  I vaguely recall game theory
experiments that showed people had tendencies toward cooperation and
altruism at least as strong as their tendencies toward competition,
but that a society based on them could only be stable when there was
some mechanism for enforcing reciprocity, and the members had reason
to anticipate ongoing interactions with the same community.

@_date: 2009-02-15 18:43:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Abundance] Re: Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The 
In general terms I agree, although I don't know enough to have an
opinion about whether some form of photovoltaic will pan out and beat
fossil fuels in terms of EROEI.
But more generally, all the building blocks of an alternative,
decentralized and less energy-guzzling economy are out there and ready
to adopt.  As Amory Lovins et al argued in Natural Capitalism, the
main thing holding it back is cultural inertia and path dependency.
When energy prices get high enough, they'll overcome that inertia.
And according to Lovins et al, just the low-hanging fruit (things like
replacing trucks with trains and cogenerating power from industrial
waste heat) could eliminate more than half our current fossil fuel
On a more radical level, the building blocks are already out there for
local, small-scale manufacturing economies, as well as the
prerequisites for shifting a considerable portion of production to the
household or neighborhood barter economy.  As little known as they
are, I expect skyrocketing energy prices and a collapse of much of the
wage economy to make it a lot easier for those currently involved with
such technologies to promote them.  For example, almost nobody in the
conventional building industry knows about passive solar cooling by
running intake pipes underground.  But some people, scattered around
the country, do have it.  And when the cost of air conditioning a
conventional tract house rises to $300 a month, I expect a guy whose
house is cooled for $0 a month to generate some hellacious word of
mouth in surrounding neighborhoods.
As I've also argued elsewhere, I expect small machine shops and
backyard hobby shops to become the basis of a localized industrial
economy, under pressure of necessity, when the supply chains of the
centralized corporate industrial economy collapse.  This was the focus
of my discussion of S.M. Stirling's fictional industrial economy in
the Nantucket trilogy, which I raised in an exchange with Samantha
Atkins on the Open Manufacturing list.
Coupling such distributed manufacturing with microenterprises
(bakeries, day care centers, cab services, market gardens,
microbreweries, etc.) run out of people's homes using their ordinary
household capital equipment, and with liquidity provided by LETS
systems if the old currency collapses, I think thriving local
economies will expand to fill the gap pretty quickly under pressure of
One thing that will help the transition will be if the U.S.
government, state governments, and other "hollowed out states" lack
the capability of enforcing bank ownership of paper on defaulting
mortgagers, and we can transition as the banks collapse to a default
system of ownership based on current possession.  That, and no
last-ditch effort at large-scale police statism to enforce the DMCA
and suchlike.
FWIW, I also expect the collapse to be a long one (a "long emergency")
taking around two decades, so there will be no catastrophic collapse
and sudden vacuum to fill. But even when collapses have been
catastrophic, as in Argentina early in the decade, people have been
extremely resilient and creative in finding ways to make things work
in the face of necessity.

@_date: 2009-02-16 13:08:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] bikesharing in paris, not so bad at all 
So despite the company's protestations, it is quite sustainable.  But
it's "sustainable" from the perspective of a "public-private
partnership" subsidized from taxpayers.  Absent such corporatist
collusion using the taxpayer as a source of "free" money, I doubt any
private commons providing bike co-ownership would regard a turnover of
over a third a year as a "minimal" problem.  There's no getting around
the fact that losing a third of your bikes to theft every year is a
serious drawback.  And a voluntary, private sharing operation that
fully internalized member costs would probably require putting a
little more thought into the governance structure.

@_date: 2009-02-26 13:38:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Launch of Abundance: The Journal of 
Marx makes an argument as to why he believes these detrimental effects
occur regardless of unequal exchange, but as to whether he actually
demonstrates it (i.e., whether the argument holds up), I disagree.
I think you're ignoring the dialectical relationship between the
conditions of wage labor, and the availability of means of subsistence
or self-employment outside the wage system.  Even when a worker
chooses wage labor, the practical terms of the exchange (i.e., how
much of his labor product he receives as a  wage) will be determined
by the effects of competition from the possibility of self-employment.
 The widespread availability of independent access to means of
subsistence and production may make the wage relationship itself less
numerically prevalent; but just as importantly, it will make it less
exploitative where it does exist.
Perhaps I should clarify that by "market" I do not simply mean "cash
nexus," but rather the sum total of all voluntary exchanges and
relationships.  I do not regard either common property or networked
organization as inconsistent with the market.
But I don't think Marx demonstrates this.  He asserts it, and puts
forth some of the same arguments you do in defense of the assertion.
But I don't think he succeeds in proving it.
See my response to your later comments, below:
I'm not sure what you mean by exchange being the "primary way of
organizing production."  For one thing, my idea of trade is perfectly
compatible with widespread production in the household and informal
economy, with exchange taking the primary form of exchange of
surpluses with neighbors through a neighborhood/community barter
system (using LETS or local currencies).
If none of the other producers is rich enough to hire them, they
I think you're assuming (as did Marx) certain conditions of production
as "natural" in a non-capitalist market economy, and hence leading to
capitalism.  And I don't think these assumptions are valid.  For one
thing, the assumption that there would be a high rate of failure and
bankruptcy implicitly assumes high initial capital outlays for market
entry and attendant high overhead expenses.  But one of the central
functions of the state from at least the beginning of paleotechnic
industry in the Industrial Revolution, and intensified with the rise
of mass-production industry as an alternative to the kind of
small-scale craft production with power machinery that Kropotkin
envisioned, has been to impose minimum mandatory overhead costs and
criminalize a great deal of low-overhead production.
In a market economy without such mandated minimum overhead, a great
deal of production would take place in the household for direct
consumption or trade through small barter networks, and it would rely
primarily on spare capacity of household capital goods most people own
anyway.  So there would be little or no risk of failure, and no real
cost to riding out periods of slow business.
So the very idea that "failure" of a business would mean the lack of
any alternative means of support, and hence desperate acceptance of
wage labor on any terms available, is an unjustified assumption.
First of all, absent enclosure of vacant land, falling back on
subsistence production would be a safety net for those whose
commercial production ventures failed.  And the sizable fraction of
subsistence needs that could be met by small-scale production in the
household or for immediate exchange with one's neighbors, would
provide a great deal of cushion against unemployment, so that those
taking wage labor could take their time holding out for an offer to
their liking.
In addition, both you and Marx seem to overestimate the importance of
the firm as primary economic unit, in considering the consequences of
"failure."  In a networked economy, like that of Emilia-Romagna today,
firm boundaries are quite porous, and the model of employment tends
toward de facto self-employment, with employment organized around the
project rather than the firm.  The line between "employer" and
"employed" is also fluid, changing from one project to the next.  And
in many cases (as in the American garment industry) the cheapness of
minimum required capital equipment means that projects can be
organized around individually owned capital equipment that is carried
with the individual from one project to the next.  And given a
bargaining power of labor determined by the ongoing availability of
capital and land, such networking would take much more of a pattern of
relations between equals than it does even presently in
In short, the boundaries between self-employment, household
subsistence production, and commercial production in the worker-owned
enterprise, would be much less distinct than at present.  And the cost
of "failure," slipping from one to the other, would be much less
significant than at present.
At the same time, the benefits to the "winners" would be limited by
the unavailable of state-enforced scarcity rents on capital and land,
so a little "win" couldn't continue to build on itself through the
power of compound interest, or through barriers like IP prohibitiing
market entry.  There would surely be some inequality resulting from
differences in effort and pure luck, but it's a level of inequality
that would reach a saturation point fairly quickly and then be
restricted by built-in systemic safeguards.
It's interesting that you list enclosures, state impositions of
minimum overheads, etc., as active measures the capitalists might
take.  But it's impossible to consider the rate of failure that took
place historically, outside the context of these forms of intervention
that did in fact take place.  With the free availability of
low-overhead production in the household economy, the free
availability of squatting on vacant land, etc., "failure" would not be
nearly as big a stick to hit people with.  In such circumtances,
"failure" would just be the resting period between amassing a minor
sum of capital to reenter the market--if amassing such a sum was
necessary at all, as opposed to simply ramping up a bit of surplus
production for exchange using the capital you owned all the time.
I think it's pretty clear that, while Marx may have thought he knew
this with absolute certainty, his certainty was unfounded.
But it's only because of the state's arificial limitation of
alternatives that people depend so heavily on the cash nexus for their
survival.  IMO the very sharpness of the distinction between the cash
nexus, and the informal subsistence and barter economy, is an
artificial state of affairs.  My view of a market society is simply
one based on individual self-ownership and whatever mix of individual
and common ownership results from social consensus, in which people
can freely choose to deal with each other through whatever combination
of exchange, gift or network that suits the individuals involved.

@_date: 2009-01-13 11:13:27
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
> In case Thomas' reply about credit and monetization wasn't understood,
 > I'll explain that briefly too. "Monetizing debt" means the government
 > borrows money from the Fed and spends it as money.  Essentially, the
 > government is credited Federal Reserve Notes (USDs), with the promise
 > to repay that debt to the Fed Reserve in the future.  The government
 > then puts this money into circulation by spending it.
Even more broadly, the entire money supply is monetized debt, because
any increase in the money supply is lent into existence by the banks.
The government increases reserve requirements, or deposits more
reserves, which increases the total amount of loans banks are able to
I'm no social crediter.  I'd much prefer a free market money system
organized around LETS and the kinds of mutual credit that William
Greene and Benjamin Tucker described.  But social credit is certainly
no more statist than the present system, and would be far less
oppressive.  If I have to choose between kinds of statism, I prefer
the kind that weighs less heavily on my neck.
What we have is a fiat money system that creates money out of thin
air.  The government increases the money supply by increasing the
amount of money banks are permitted to lend from existing reserves; as
such, the increased lending does not come at the cost of any sacrifice
on their part.  For them, it's free money that they pick off the tree
and then lend out at interest.
So if we're going to create money out of thin air, why not do it either through
1) the Greenback system, where the government simply spends the money
into existence interest-free; or
2) the social credit system, where the money is deposited into
existence interest-free in citizen bank accounts?
 > The concept of money created from credit is simple enough in concept.
 > Think of 3 people on an island that use IOUs with each other.  One
 > harvests coconuts, another fishes, and another makes sandals.  Let's
 > assume they value fishes and coconuts the same, but sandals are worth
 > about 10 fishes or coconuts.  We can see how credit (IOUs which are
 > money) flows:
 > 1. The coconut gal needs sandals, so she "buys" a pair from the sandal
 > guy by writing him a 10-coconut IOU.
 > 2. The sandal guy needs some fish, so he gives the fish dude the IOU
 > for 10 coconuts in exchange for 10 fish.
 > 3. Later that day, the fish dude brings the IOU to the coconut gal and
 > gets 10 coconuts.  The gal destroys the IOU.
 > The cycle of credit has come full-circle.
 > You may be asking "why do we need the Fed Reserve to create money and
 > lend it to us?"  Good question, but that's another very long
 > discussion, one that I think begins with "In theory, we really don't
 > need them to, because we could do it ourselves..."
The classical political economists' old "wage fund" idea of capital,
which heavily influenced Jevons' and Bohm-Bawerk's pro-interest and
pro-profit apologetic, was that the capitalist performs a service by
allowing the worker to transform his future into purchasing power,
paying him before the work is done.
But Thomas Hodgskin (a free market liberal classed among the Ricardian
socialists) argued that this function could be carried out directly by
the workers themselves, for each other.  He argued that there is, in
fact, no accumulation of capital from past "abstention," no pile of
previously produced goods out of which the workers are fed until they
complete the new cycle of production.  Rather, the capitalist's money
pays wages with which they can purchase the *current* food, clothing,
and other output of other workers.  The "wage fund" is actually a
claim on current production.  As Thomas Hodgskin argued (and I think
Alfred Marshall made the same point somewhere in Principles of
Economics), the same function could be performed by a mutual credit or
barter system organized by the workers directly for themselves,
advancing their current product to each other against the other's
future product.  The capitalist, Hodgskin argued, has preempted the
process so that the workers are no longer able to deal with each other
directly, but must rely on him as an intermediary--a service for which
he charges a monopoly price.

@_date: 2009-01-13 12:13:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the good news, and the less ... 
Do you have a PayPal button anywhere online, or can money be PayPalled
to you via the email address you use here?  I'll run a bleg for you in
the next day or so.

@_date: 2009-01-15 13:26:16
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My "Citizen's Briefing" at Change.gov: Easing the 
Some of you may notice this contains a lot of the ideas from my recent
"Industrial Policy" paper for C4SS.  If you have the time and
inclination, I'd appreciate your clicking on the link and registering
to vote for the proposal.

@_date: 2009-01-18 11:40:15
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: LittleSis, 
C. Wright Mills and G. William Domhoff founded this approach of
mapping social ties between individual members of the elite.
The phenomenon is especially visible at the local level.  Most
metropolitan areas have a nominally private "civic" organization that
acts as a shadow government.  Where I live, it's the Northwest
Arkansas Council, made up of representatives of the local government,
university, and large corporations headquartered in the area (Tyson,
Wal-Mart, J.B. Hunt trucking, and Jim Lindsey real estate); it's the
single most powerful influence on local government, lobbying for
subsidized infrastructure and other corporate welfare--often actually
drafting the legislation and getting it passed on an emergency basis
without public debate.  Anyway, it's the same individuals who move
back and forth, in a revolving door, between city councils and county
commissions, chambers of commerce, intergovernmental authorities, and
the NWA Council.  What it amounts to is that we have a democracy on
paper, but in the real world we're serfs to this group of people.

@_date: 2009-07-03 01:41:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Missing Productivity and the Rise of Social 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader:
Missing Productivity and the Rise of Social
via Matthew Yglesias  by myglesias on
[image: pajamas_blogger_1.jpg]
A couple of days ago, I was discussing Michael Mandel?s Fake Productivity
In response to this, Tyler Cowen countered with the No Profits Here
[T]here was some productivity growth but much of it fell outside of the
usual cash and revenue-generating nexus. Maybe you will live until 83 rather
than 81.5 and your pain reliever will work better. In the meantime you will
read blogs and gaze upon beautiful people using your Facebook account. Those
are gains to consumer surplus, but they don?t prop up the revenue-generating
sectors of the economy as one might have expected.
Good examples of this would have to include Wikipedia (which is hugely
useful but doesn?t make anyone any money at all), Craigslist (which has
revolutionized the way people do a lot of things but has done far more to
destroy other firms? revenue sources than to make money for itself), and
much open-source software (where the absence of copyright-enforced monopoly
profits make the product more useful, but less lucrative, than closed-source
products). John Quiggin has been pondering the rise of social production for
a while and has the following bullet
the implications:
   - If monetary returns are weakly, or even negatively correlated with the
   value of social production, *there?s no reason to expect capital markets
   to do a good job in allocating resources to supporting innovation*. (This
   point seems rather less controversial than when I made it in 2006.)
   - As a corollary, it seems unlikely that large inequalities in income are
   beneficial to anyone except the recipients of high incomes (this issue is
   being discussed, in a much more abstract setting, at Crooked Timber)
   - *If improvements in welfare are increasingly independent of the market,
   it would make sense to shift resources out of market production, for example
   by reducing working hours*. The financial crisis seems certain to produce
   at least a temporary drop in average hours, but the experience of the
   Depression and the Japanese slowdown of the 1990s suggest that the effect
   may be permanent.
   - Creativity, broadly defined, seems likely to become more important,
   while markets, particularly financial markets, become less so. Firms that
   want to survive and prosper will have to behave quite differently from the
   way the did in the past. Google is an obvious example of a firm that is
   trying to do this, if not always succeeding.
I see two clear areas where the rubber may hit the road on this. One is in
terms of working hours. Consider this
[image: figurea.jpg]
Clearly, we?re going to be able to produce more market-value of stuff than
the barely-working Dutch are. At the same time, if you visit the Netherlands
it?s not as if people are starving in the street. They have plenty of stuff.
And, obviously, they have more free time. That can be nice in its own terms,
or it might just mean more washing dishes by hand. But in the brave new
digital world where it?s possible to engage in endeavors that are useful to
other people on a pretty large scale on a hobbyist basis, it also means they
have more time to do non-market work?write open source code, record an album
and have people download it on BitTorrent, improve Wikipedia entries, etc.
Obviously, you couldn?t base an entire economy on this kind of thing, since
you can?t produce any tangible goods this way. But 1,357 hours per year
isn?t nothing, it?s just a lot less than 1,824 hours per years. And these
days, more-and-more of what people are interested in are non-tangible goods.
It?s a bit of a clich? in politics to talk about the need to move from an
?industrial age economy? to an ?information age economy? but there?s
relatively little thought given to what this might actually entail. But it
might entail a lot! Among other things, it might entail that certain
economic metrics developed for the industrial age are less-relevant, and
therefore that appropriate tradeoffs aren?t what they once were. A friend of
mine just twittered:
tinyurl is down. these URL shorteners are a real problem: essential but not
a viable business, it?s a surefire recipe for tons of lost data.
The real ?problem,? though, is broader than TinyURL. And the solution may be
hoping that people have free time and, if bored, will be inspired to do
something useful. It?s the vision of Marx?s early thought, or *Star Trek*.
A potentially related issue has to do with broadband infrastructure. My
understanding is that the internet is radically faster in some Asian
countries, notably South Korea and Japan, than it is here in part because
the state has intervened in a more heavy-handed way to ensure that this is
the case. Clearly, though, South Korea and Japan are not crushing the United
States economically. One potential explanation for this is that all this
talk about the Internet is way off-base, and digital communication isn?t
actually all that important to the modern economy. I don?t find that
especially plausible. Another explanation is the Cowen/Quiggen
explanation?the consumer surplus associated with digital communication is
only very partially captured as profits. That will predict that absent
heavy-handed government intervention, capital markets will underfund
broadband infrastructure and you?ll have less of it than would be socially
optimal. This is, I think, a fairly reasonable interpretation of the
broadband gap.
All that?s very left-wing, but there are also less left-wing implications
for fiscal stimulus and the like. Although in either case ?be more like
Western Europe? turns out to be the prescription.
Things you can do from here:
   - Subscribe to Matthew
   *Google Reader*
   - Get started using Google
Readerto easily keep up
   *all your favorite sites*

@_date: 2009-07-04 12:40:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Missing Productivity and the Rise of Social 
I think Yglesias was actually alluding to that in an ironic
way--tipping his hat to the conventional perception that they were
"barely working" and yet somehow were not starving.  The idea that you
should actually get your work done and then go home and do what you
want, instead of getting brownie points (brown-nose points?) for being
the last out of the office, is distinctly unamerican.

@_date: 2009-07-05 00:58:47
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Missing Productivity and the Rise of Social 
One of the major liberal bloggers, I forget who, once posted advice to
Americans traveling in Europe.  He said if you bragged to a German
that you worked 80 hours a week, the German would look at you like you
bragged you washed your hands 200 times a day.
Yglesias also blogged once about the idiocy of "facetime," arguing
that people who work from home are far more productive because they
view work as a discrete amount of stuff to get done so you can do
something else, instead of looking for ways to seem busy because
they're on the clock.

@_date: 2009-07-05 13:27:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: More on the Supply and Demand Curve 
Like you, I found comparisons of U-6 unemployment to Great Depression
levels compelling.  But on further investigation, I found there was
less to it than meets the eye.  The 25% peak for the GD, in fact,
refers to something like current U-3 measures; by U-6 measures, GD
unemployment peaked at around 35-40%.

@_date: 2009-07-05 13:51:57
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [knowledgelab] <nettime> Pirates of the 
However, the heritage of the Swedish
In fairness, I would point out that the open-source movement is
objectively at war with the basic structural foundations of
neoliberalism.  The draconian "intellectual property" regime enforced
by the WIPO Copyright Treaty, TRIPS, and the DMCA is at the heart of
the corporate global economy, and the leading sectors in the global
economy are all dependent on IP for their business model.  Even in
conventional manufacturing, patents are vitally important for
cartelizing markets and restricting the diffusion of production
technology ownership, so that Third World countries are locked into
the position of supplying sweatshop labor for Western TNC-owned
And if anyone from TPB is affiliated with an Ayn Randish anything,
there is a fundamental contradiction, since Ayn Rand and all the other
Randroids have been  dogmatically in favor of patents and copyright.
She defended them as property in the "product of the human mind,"
which she regarded as the basis of all property.
This reflects back on the claim
Agnostic on left-right issues or not, any movement centered on
organized defiance of IP law is challenging one of the most important
structural bases of the present distribution of economic resources.
To engage in revolt against IP law while expressing sympathy for
neoliberalism and Randianism, would be the equivalent of someone in
1400 actively fighting for an agenda of "the land to the tiller" while
professing sympathy for feudal landlords.

@_date: 2009-07-09 21:34:09
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Makers serialized online 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Makers serialized
online via Cory Doctorow's craphound.com by Cory Doctorow on 7/6/09
Pablo from Tor has the details on a cool new promo they're doing to
promote my next book, Makers, which'll be published in the fall
(HarperCollins UK will publish it in the UK, Australia, NZ, and other
parts of the commonwealth). Makers tells the story of a group of
hardware hackers who fall in with microfinancing venture capitalists
and reinvent the American economy after a total economic collapse, and
who find themselves swimming with sharks, fighting with gangsters, and
leading a band of global techno-revolutionaries. The first 50,000 words
of Makers were serialized on Salon some years ago under the title
Starting today around noon (Eastern Standard Tribe, of course), and
throughout the rest of the year, Tor.com will be serializing Makers,
Cory Doctorow's upcoming novel, which goes on sale from Tor Books in
Novemb er. We'll be serializing the entirety of the novel, with a new
installment every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, until the whole thing
is finished, sometime in January 2010. Each installment of Makers will
be accompanied by a new illustration by Idiots'Books (idiotsbooks.com),
which will interconnect with the other illustrations in the series, and
offer limitless possibilities for mixing and matching the illustrations
in the series. In a week or so, after we've posted a number of tiles,
we'll release a Flash game in which users will be able to re-arrange
the illustration tiles on a grid and create their own combination of
I'm planning on repeating the tribute to booksellers I made with the
free release of Little Brother, introducing every section of the serial
with a little hymn to some bookstore or other; booksellers are clearly
on the side of the angels (I speak as a former bookseller!).
However, I'm doing this one a little differently; rather than write up
my favorite booksellers, I'm asking for your favorite bookstores -- in
the comments for each section of the serial, I'd like you to write up
testimonials for your favorite stores. I'll pick three every week to
add to that week's installments, by way of spreading the love around.
Announcing Cory Doctorow?s Makers on Tor.com
Cory Doctorow?s Makers, Part 1 (of 81)
(Thanks, Pablo!)
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Cory Doctorow's craphound.com using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-07-14 11:40:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] bruce sterling's caryatids 
I read the copy I ordered through Interlibrary Loan, and a review is
on the agenda.

@_date: 2009-07-15 23:22:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
This was the general subject in contention in this blog post by Cato's
Will Wilkinson and the ensuing comments, of which I wrote many:

@_date: 2009-07-16 12:11:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
I think you're getting the causality backward here.  The
exchange-based system isn't created to "protect" or "lock in"
scarcity; it is also a way of dealing with scarcity when it exists by
nature.  The prior question is whether the scarcity is natural or
I generally bristle at talk of "turning back the clock" because it
presupposes, at least tacitly, a sort of chronological chauvinism or
"Whig Theory of History":  that what came earlier is outmoded by the
progressive march of history, and that what came later must be more
But a great deal of progress is rediscovering what worked earlier,
after it was buried in a state capitalist interlude.  For example
raised bed horticulture of John Jeavons, the most efficient form of
food production ever invented in terms of output per acre, is an
improved version of the eotechnic horticultural techniques of market
gardeners in NW Europe.
And money is a logical way to deal with scarcity, in the sense that
replication of goods carries a labor cost, in an economy of
worker-owned production.
Probably not.  But if there's no use repeating the debate, then
there's no use getting in your own opening shot from the original
debate, and then cutting it off with "but there's no use in repeating
all that."
Because there is not a simple dichotomy between scarcity and
abundance.  There are degrees of scarcity.  Reduced physical outlay
costs for physical production, more efficient ways of using spare
cycles, and reduced transaction costs of aggregating small capitals to
buy expensive producer goods mean that "free speech," in the realm of
physical production, also involves making the beer at least a lot
cheaper if not free.
And if markets (not capitalism!) coexist with peer production in your
hybrid situation, it's better they be markets that reflect only
natural scarcity, without artificial scarcity making them worse.  If
money must exist in a hybrid situation, it's better that it be money
that isn't artificialloy scarce and doesn't carry a monopoly charge
for its use.
You seem to be arguing that all money is equally bad, and all markets
are equally bad, and therefore there's no reason to try to make them
better in hybrid situations where they must exist.
But of course I keep forgetting:  arguing that some money rules are
better and less exploitative than others, and that money rules are not
simply neutral, is dangerously close to anti-Semitism.

@_date: 2009-07-16 12:21:56
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
I think you're combating a strawman here.  I've seen Austrian
followers of Mises and Rothbard do the same:  if money isn't simply a
commodity store of past value, then it must be be worthless fiat
money.  But that's a false dichotomy:  money can be finite and scarce,
and still be replicated by a variety of possible rules depending on
its function in a given system.
The central issue is the function of money:  is it a store of past
value, or is it an accounting system for measuring the exchange of
present and future labor?  The difference is between what Schumpeter
called "money theories of credit" and "credit theories of money."  In
the latter kind of system, goods may be scarce and require labor to
produce and acquire; but rather than finding someone who already has a
pile of money in his possession and the purchasing power to buy your
labor, you can incur credit from the barter network against your
future labor.  Rather than the money having to pre-exist to fund
transactions, it is created by the transactions.
It is still finite, but there are many kinds of finitude.

@_date: 2009-07-16 12:53:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
At the point of production, you're probably right.  But if total labor
includes amortization of the capital outlays for machinery, the
long-distance shipping cost, the food processors' and grocers'
markups, etc., from the consumer's perspective it will likely be
cheaper in labor terms to "make" rather than "buy."
And in the Third World, where surplus labor with no earning power is
even more of a problem, that goes double.  The person who was evicted
(or whose parents were evicted) from their own subsistence plot, and
who is currently living in a tent city or squatter's shack or in a
gutter in Calcutta, can't afford to buy the output of cash-crop,
export-oriented agribusiness no matter how "efficient" it is, because
he's a surplus laborer who can't earn any money at all to buy food no
matter how cheap.  Putting him back on his own land, land that was
stolen from him or his parents so it could be used to grow cash crops
for those who can afford them, where he can produce directly for his
own consumption, is the ideal solution.

@_date: 2009-07-18 12:46:48
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
The problem is, there's no such thing as generic efficiency.  There's
efficiency in terms of whatever input you're considering.  Mechanized
agribusiness is more efficient in terms of labor at the point of
production, but less efficient in terms of output per land input.  And
I believe that if all labor inputs are considered in a make or buy
comparision, including the costs of marketing and distribution,
centralization is less efficient in overall labor (as opposed to labor
at the point of production).
One of the problems with American-style economic centralization and
mass production is (as Waddell and Bodek point out in Rebirth of
American Industry and Lovins et al riffed off of pretty effectively in
Natural Capitalism) that it maximizes efficiency at each separate
stage of production, without regard to how it affects the overall
production flow.  And the resulting sea of in-process inventories in
the factory, the warehouses full of finished goods, and the inventory
in the millions of "warehouses on wheels," more than make up for the
savings from those "efficient" machines that achieve their
"efficiency" by being run 24/7 to minimize unit costs regardless of
whether there's an order for their output.
Borsodi gave the example of the Minneapolis flour mills, which were
marvels of unit cost minimization and ROI, but required a product
designed to sit on the shelf for months without losing nutritional
value (because it had none to start with), because of the long
distribution time.  Compared not just to the actual milling stage
alone, but to all costs in the entire
production/distribution/marketing process as a whole, milling flour
from wheat berries in your own electric mill is far more

@_date: 2009-07-18 12:58:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
It doesn't require the consumer to be owner.  It simply requires that
all production be undertaken with the primary purpose of consumption:
either with the producer producing directly for his own consumption,
or for direct exchange with other producers.
I think you're confusing profit with exchange value, and conflating
two different senses of the term "profit," as well as neglecting the
importance of exchange value.
Exchange value, absent artificial scarcity rents and monopolies, is
simply a way of quantifying the cost of production inputs including
labor.  To use Michel's example downthread, the portion of exchange
value added from the supply and distribution chain SHOULD be greater
when oil costs $400/barrel than when it costs $60/barrel, and when the
good is produced in China than when it is produced in the neighboring
Profit in the sense of long-term scarcity rents that don't diminish in
the face of free market entry is bad.  Profit in the sense of
temporary quasi-rents over natural exchange value are good because
they serve as a signaling mechanism to direct resources to where they
are most  valued; such "profits" are a self-correcting problem, if
market entry and the flow of production factors are free.
I know consumer-owned production is a big thing to you, Patrick, but
as a wage slave of many years duration I regard producer sovereignty
over production as equally important.  As Dan Clore put it, the
"consumer is king" bit doesn't work out so well when you have to be a
slave for eight hours a day, and your only compensation is getting to
play king for a bit when you go to the store.
I think that in a free society of self-employed producers dealing with
each other as equals, when there are no artificial scarcities or
monopoly to enable one to extort from the other, most of the problems
you object to will be gone.

@_date: 2009-07-18 13:05:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
I'm not sure we disagree on all that much here.  The real question is
not whether economies result from division of labor, but the scale on
which they top out.  Depending on the cost of other factors in the
make-vs-buy decision, there might be rational economic incentives to
the diffusion of skill.  Just as a guess, the WWII Victory Gardens,
with some 40-50% of in-season veggies being produced at home, might be
a plausible levelling off point after several years of skill
diffusion.  For most of the rest of it, economies from division of
labor might be maximized by market gardeners at the community level.
At an intermediate scale, economies from division of labor and from
full utilization of specialized equipment might be maximized within a
neighborhood barter network.

@_date: 2009-07-20 15:17:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a challenge to social media enthusiasm .. what 
That's certainly my impression of the most active edit warriors,
especially the most fanatical of the notability hawks.
But it really doesn't matter.  What matters is less the personal
idiosyncracies of individual contributors to open-source culture, than
the social value of their contributions and the use that is made of

@_date: 2009-07-21 00:18:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [anytimenowdiscussion] Powerdown Revisited 
*MuseLetter  / October 2007
by Richard Heinberg*
*Powerdown Revisited*
In my book *Powerdown: Options and actions for a Post Carbon World*, I
outlined four scenarios for the oil-constrained future: Last One Standing (a
fascistic battle for the world?s remaining resources), Powerdown
(government-led radical proactive conversion to energy frugality), Waiting
for the Magic Elixir (denial of the problem until it?s too late for
proactive responses), and Building Lifeboats (small communities coming
together to build a survivable, sustainable future for themselves and,
ultimately, for the rest of humanity). I closed the book by suggesting that,
while the current trajectory is toward the first and third options, we
should work on the second and fourth because these offer the greatest hope.
After a few years of further thought, it seems to me that my description of
these options could stand some modification. I would now say that our future
options consist of three broad scenarios.
Before outlining these, it seems important to review the circumstances that
will shape them. Because of the impending peaks in the global extraction
rates for oil, gas, and coal, the future almost certainly holds less
available energy, in total and especially per capita. That in turn means
that society will be less mobile. Coal and gas declines will produce
widespread and enduring electrical grid outages. Energy constraints coupled
with water scarcity and topsoil depletion also ensure higher food prices and
likely widespread food shortages. Because powered machines will lack fuel,
there will be substantially more need for human labor in agricultural
production, as well as in the energy-efficient retrofitting of existing
buildings and urban infrastructure. At the same time, there will be need for
massive relocation of people away from areas where temporarily increased
carrying capacity, established by cheap fuels, has vanished (think Los
Angeles or Phoenix, or the massive squatter settlements on the outskirts of
any number of huge cities in the global South): somehow, many of these
people must move, or be moved, to where they can be near soil and water. As
if all of that weren?t enough, we also face environmental catastrophe from
climate chaos and loss of biodiversity. All of these necessities and trends
will pose enormous challenges to every organized society. How to deal with
Here are the three scenarios that I see as most likely.
*1. Feudal fascism.* This is basically similar to the Last One Standing
option in Powerdown, though now I would frame it somewhat differently. A
strong central government will organize work - though not in a way that many
people will enjoy. Think agricultural work camps and slave-labor factories.
The main selling point for the Fascist option (sorry for the word fascism,
but while it?s loaded with historical baggage it?s also handy, familiar, and
probably fairly accurate) would be the maintenance of order in a time of
increasing social disintegration. If you were a member of an upper middle-
class family clinging to its home, with a bit of gold or cash put aside and
a few cans of food in the larder, wouldn?t you fear marauding gangs going
door-to-door stealing food and money? Wouldn?t you welcome police patrols -
even if they had a shoot-to-kill policy and about as much self-restraint as
a Blackwater contractor in Baghdad? For the truly wealthy as well,
protection of property would provide a powerful motive to support the
repressive apparatus of state power - which, to be efficacious, would need
to be both brutal and omnipresent: troops on street corners; total
surveillance; torture and summary executions for dissidents. Forget freedoms
of expression or assembly. Naomi Klein?s book Shock Doctrine describes how
the groundwork for feudal fascism is already being laid via disasters like
Katrina, which open the way for massive privatization and the shredding of
civil liberties. The disaster ahead will be on a far greater scale, offering
the ultimate opportunity for that doctrine?s full scale implementation.
However, several decades down the line, energy shortages will grow so severe
that it may become impossible to sustain centralized fascistic governmental
authority over a continent-scale geographic area. At that point, fascistic
national governments might break down into feudal regionalism featuring
local warlords presiding over post-industrial serfdom.
I won?t bother to point out the drawbacks of pursuing this scenario; I trust
these speak for themselves.
*2. The Eco Deal.* Economist Susan George calls this option ?Environmental
Keynesianism? ( For
a snapshot image, think of the 1930s New Deal revisited in the context of
global ecological crisis.
Like Feudal Fascism, this scenario assumes a strong central government. But
in this case, government applies itself to the transformation of societal
infrastructure using an inclusive strategy that entails economic
re-distribution and the fostering of a culture of democracy. In the New
Deal, government created work programs and rebuilt infrastructure; there
were even some interesting experiments (on the part of Arthur Morgan, when
he worked for Roosevelt as head of the Tennessee Valley Authority) in the
creation of self-sufficient small communities. Similarly, governments
implementing an Eco-Deal might create the financial capital with which to
build electric streetcar systems in every city of 100,000 or more;
super-insulate millions of homes and commercial buildings and provide them
with geothermal heating; and reorganize agriculture on small-scale, organic
model - creating millions of jobs along the way.
This dramatic change in national priorities will require the provision of
public information. Currently, the commercial media promote consumerism;
instead, a conserver message will be needed, motivating one and all to work
together for the common good. There is a historic precedent here as well: in
the New Deal and World War II, Hollywood and the advertisers pitched in (to
some degree anyway) in the national effort, galvanizing the masses for
collective effort.
In this case as well, when shortages deepen the maintenance of a central
national authority will become more difficult; but here - if authorities
have attempted to seed a culture of democracy (again as in the 1930s) - the
nation organized around a centralized state might break down into some form
of decentralized bioregionalism.
*3. Bottoms Up.* There is a strong likelihood that, at least in some nations
or regions, strong central government will not survive the end of cheap
energy - especially if electrical grids fail. In that case, neither the
Feudal Fascist nor the Eco-Deal strategy would play out; instead, localities
would be on their own. Local governments and citizen groups would have the
task of maintaining order and flows of basic necessities. When hurricane
Katrina devastated New Orleans in 2005, locals had a foretaste of this: it
was mostly up to ad-hoc citizen groups and what was left of city government
to rescue stranded families and deal with thousands of emergencies
throughout the area. Yet that disaster occurred in the world?s wealthiest
nation, which maintained elaborately equipped disaster-relief agencies.
Imagine a hundred Katrina-scale local disasters occurring intermittently in
the context of an international economic crisis and protracted regional grid
failures. What chance would there be, then, of a successful large-scale
response effort?
There are those who will find the bottoms-up strategy appealing even in the
absence of necessity - anarchists, libertarians, and other advocates of
localism and opponents of state power. Here would be an opportunity to
escape the oppressive, corrupt domination of the many by the few that has
characterized every state, indeed every civilization, since the Pyramid Age.
As societies come to have less energy available for transportation and
communication, they are bound to decentralize anyway eventually; why not
proceed directly to localism and bypass both of the big-government solutions
outlined above, which are destined to fail eventually in any case?
The central challenge of the bottoms-up approach is that communities are ill
equipped to provide even the most basic services (food, water, power,
security) to their citizens absent a working nexus of complexly
interconnected regional or national support systems. Even a century ago,
communities were much more self-sufficient. Today, few cities in the
industrialized world produce much in the way of food, clothing, or other
necessities: hospitals depend on the constant delivery of medicines and a
wide range of other supplies; grocery stores are continually restocked with
food from hundreds or thousands of miles away; even water and electrical
power may arrive by aqueducts and long-distance transmission lines. A
temporary interruption of these services would certainly be survivable, but
a town or city cut permanently adrift would quickly devolve into chaos. In
that case, reorganization of society from the grassroots up would take time;
meanwhile, an immense human tragedy would ensue.
Thus it would be unwise to give up prematurely on efforts at the national
and international levels, even if the long-term goal is a society organized
according to bioregional principles. Every nation has its own likely
trajectory with regard to these scenario-options. Some countries may
initially respond to scarcity with a law-and-order clampdown that seeks to
preserve existing power relations at all costs; then, as it becomes clear
that there isn?t enough social support or resource availability to maintain
a massive machine of repression, the latter could give way to a Bottoms-up
scenario or perhaps even a brief episode of Let?s Make an Eco-Deal. Other
countries may start with all the best Keynesian intentions, only to see the
unfolding of scarcity so dire that it leads to social unrest that can
seemingly only be quelled by heavy-handed authoritarianism.
In the US, China, and Russia, authoritarian solutions appear to be the
default responses for the moment. This makes international conflict more
likely in the years immediately ahead.
So: Where shall we focus our efforts? As I suggested in Powerdown, there is
important work to be done at all levels of social organization.
Individuals and families should take to heart the advice given prior to
every commercial airline flight: ?Secure your oxygen mask before helping
others.? In other words, see to your own survival prospects first. This is
not necessarily selfish behavior: communities and nations in which
individual members are prepared and relatively self-sufficient will fare
much better than those in which everyone is dependent and unequipped. If no
one is prepared, who can teach others what to do? Learn the life-skills of
the pre-fossil-fuel era; know how to use and repair hand tools; know where
your water comes from and how to compost wastes; grow food.
Communities must begin now to redevelop their local support infrastructure -
especially local food systems. City officers should be thinking about how to
sustain emergency services, water delivery and wastewater treatment, and
communications, given a prolonged scarcity or absence of fuel and
electricity. Plans should be under way for the dramatic expansion of public
transit services. Individuals can help jump-start all such efforts by
speaking to elected and appointed officials, by volunteering for relevant
community service work, and also simply by getting to know their neighbors.
National leaders must begin to take seriously the enormous challenges ahead,
and to think through the options available. They must quickly come to
realize that any effort to follow economic plans based on projecting into
the future past rates of growth in energy consumption will lead to systemic
failure. Only a dramatic, rapid, systematic reorganization of the economy to
function with declining rates of energy flow can avert breakdown. Careful
thought must be given to the dire implications of fascistic solutions to the
emerging energy crisis, so that those solutions are not implemented as a
knee-jerk response to societal stress. Nations must initiate efforts to
forge cooperative strategies toward sustainable interdependence (such as the
Oil Depletion Protocol) rather than geopolitical resource competition.
Individuals can help foster these developments by educating elected
officials and by actively opposing militaristic and fascistic measures.
Is there realistic hope for a broad-scale, peaceful Eco-Deal? While many
current world trends bode ill, there is no justification for giving up and
assuming the worst outcome. Even if some nations such as the US endure
overtly fascistic regimes, the enormous societal pressures brought on by
energy scarcity may fairly quickly undermine those regimes and open the way
for more inclusive solution, which in the case of the US will draw on a deep
historic resonance with the nation?s experience during the 1930s.
In any case, two things are absolutely clear: business as usual is not one
of the options; and the more we do now to prepare at every level, the better
off we all will be.
*As the World Burns*
September is an equinoctial month - a time of momentary balance,
instability, and change. Day and night are of equal length; however, the
rate of change in the relative lengths of day and night is at its peak.
It's been an unusually busy and stressful month for me personally. Leonardo
Dicaprio's enviro-doc "11th Hour" hit the theaters, featuring yours truly
on-screen for a few seconds (though the producer and director decided
against including a mention of Peak Oil). Early in September I gave a
presentation at the UN at the behest of two organic agriculture
organizations (the Soil Association of Britain and the Shumei Foundation of
Japan). On Thursday the 13th, a CNN Money reporter called wanting
information about Peak Oil; his story appeared the next day. The very first
copies of my new book, Peak Everything, shipped during the last week of the
month. A few days ago a Korean TV crew stopped by and filmed me at home for
a three-part documentary to air in November. And a family emergency (aging
parent) sent me off to the Midwest for a week. As the saying goes, there's
no rest for the wicked.
The month was no less eventful for the rest of the world - though of course
the scale of significance of the following items is approximately 6.7
billion times greater than for the preceding ones.
Maybe the best place to start is with a general comment. It's getting pretty
damn obvious that the world is sliding head-first into the abyss at an
accelerating rate, with most Americans as oblivious as ever. The latest
indication of impending doom is a festering credit crunch brought on by the
inevitable puncturing of a bubble puffed up over the past few years through
the issuance of thousands of patently idiotic subprime, adjustable-rate, and
interest-only mortgage loans.
The deeper story is that this is just the last of a series of bubbles that
the US Federal Reserve has inflated in order to sustain for as long as was
humanly possible a fundamentally unsound national financial condition.
As I explained in Chapter 2 of *The Party's Over*, the US got rich
exploiting its own resources and labor. Its most valuable resource - oil -
went into decline forty years ago; since then, we Americans have tried to *
stay* rich by exploiting other nations' labor and resources, using leveraged
trade rules, dollar hegemony, and military threats. All this time, we
congratulated ourselves: *we* were living in a post-industrial information
economy; *they* were doing the dreary, obsolete work of actually making
things. *They* sweated and saved; it was up to *us* to spend and borrow. We
served an indispensable function in the global economy as the consumer of
last resort, as the engine of new debt creation (more debt equals more money
in circulation - i.e., more GDP growth), and as the global cop keeping order
in an unruly world (while also sneaking donuts and taking bribes). The
Chinese burned *their* coal and poisoned *their* workers and environment to
make *our* stuff, enabling us to enjoy a cleaner environment by keeping our
coal in the ground, while *they* loaned *us* the money to buy cheap Chinese
stuff with. Such a deal!
Life in bubble world was grand while it lasted. First there was the Third
World debt bubble of the '80s; then came the tech bubbles of the '90s; and
finally the real estate bubble of the '00s. Along the way, Wall Street hoped
for a little extra hot air from the privatization of Social Security, but
even Americans weren't stupid enough to sign onto that particular leveraged
buyout. All during this time, suburbanites got used to having more gadgets
and bigger cars and houses, even if they couldn't actually afford them.
But now we're at the end of the line. At last the rest of the world is
coming to realize that it doesn't really need Americans: the Chinese can
consume, too, after all. And the Asians can't really justify loaning us more
money; we're not going to pay it back - or if we do, it will be in devalued
dollars. But those loans can also be looked at as investments: other nations
have in effect bought US assets, which means that the wealth created from
those assets will flow to the new overseas owners, not to Americans. What's
left to buy - other than a lot of soon-to-be-foreclosed real estate? And how
much wealth will those assets produce once the bubble deflates?
It's also clear now that there are alternatives to the dollar, including the
euro, the yen, and the yuan. Not that the dollar won't be missed; when it
tanks, there will be as many financial casualties in Mumbai as Manhattan.
But currency traders are clearly heading for the exits, and the last one out
gets the booby prize - a bag of wooden nickels.
Yes, the rest of the world still must fear America's awesome weapons of mass
destruction: this mighty nation can certainly create an unholy mess when it
means to, as it is demonstrating in Mesopotamia. But that doesn't mean that
other nations actually have to obey it any more. The US can bomb to
smithereens any country it chooses, but it can't always count on forcing
that country to hand over its resources at gunpoint.
The dollar is hitting record lows. Gold and silver are hot commodities -
always a bad sign for the reigning paper currency. There are rumors of
possible bank failures (following a run on one British bank). If the Federal
Reserve tries to solve the liquidity crisis by lowering interest rates, that
just worsens inflation and exacerbates the dollar's problems. If the Fed
raises rates to prop up the dollar, that forces the banks and hedge funds to
confront their mountains of worthless paper and leads ultimately to
defaults, bank runs, and bank failures. Clearly the Fed fears the latter
scenario more than the former, so by lowering interest rates this month it
effectively pulled the plug on the dollar. The Saudis are now preparing to
de-link their economy from the US currency, while China is quietly selling
off dollar-denominated assets. One way or another, Americans are going to
soon see a rapid decline in their real standard of living.
Of course, another big event this month was oil's nose-bleed ascent to
record-high prices, over $82US per barrel. Part of the price hike resulted
from the dollar's weakness, but - as Goldman Sachs has pointed out - the
main reason was simply that demand is up while supply is down. The May 2005
peak for the rate of production of regular crude and the July 2006 peak for
all liquids are still holding. It may be that the technical maximum global
rate of flow for liquid fuels is still a couple of years away, but in effect
the peak is here *now*.
As for Iran, "all options" are still on the table, and the pretext for a
broad-scale air attack is apparently being patiently laid. Bush has vowed
that he will not leave office with the Iran question unresolved, and
France's new neocon leaders are running defense for Bush/Cheney, calling for
"the most severe sanctions possible" and for war if those "don't work."
Meanwhile, when Tehran actually complies with the International Atomic
Energy Agency's requests, this is viewed as a provocation. This month, *
Newsweek* revealed that Vice President Dick Cheney at one point considered
asking Israel to launch air strikes on an Iranian nuclear site, so as to
provoke Iran to lash out, thus giving Washington a pretext for more
extensive attacks (a scenario I discussed in *MuseLetter* for April 2007,
"Iran: We Will Know Soon"). Iranian President Ahmedinejad's appearances in
New York (at the UN and Columbia University) seemed only to give the US
media an opportunity to whip up further anti-Iranian public sentiment, while
the Senate's passage of the Lieberman-Kyl amendment (which Hilary Clinton
supported) provided a stamp of approval for any future military actions by
the current administration.
But surely the single most important event of the month was the revelation
that arctic sea ice is melting faster than even the most dire forecasts had
predicted. This is significant because it shows the power of reinforcing
feedback loops: as sunlight-reflecting ice melts, it leaves dark water in
its place - which absorbs more heat, causing more ice to melt, and so on.
This year's minimum extent of ice was about one million square miles (as of
September 16); the previous record low was 1.5 million in 2005. The rate of
melting this year was 10 times the recent annual average. This month the
Northwest Passage was ice-free for the first time in untold millennia. At
this rate, the north polar region could be ice-free in summer by 2015.
Altogether, it was an extraordinary 30 days. Yet so far there's been no
instantaneous economic implosion, and there's not much blood in the streets
(except perhaps in Myanmar), and so the mainstream media can safely focus on
the truly vital issues like O.J. Simpson's current legal scrapes and Britney
Spears's performance at the MTV awards.
Many writers who discuss the sort of stuff that interests me ("reality" I
think it's called) wrap the unutterable sadness of it all in a crisp
cellophane of cynicism. I'm guilty of that, too, from time to time -
certainly in this little monthly summary. How else to make it somehow
*Addendum:* The latter brief essay is gloomier than my usual writing, and
one early reader inquired whether I am personally okay. I suspect that the
tone of the piece results partly from the stresses of recent travels and
from an intense period spent caring for a declining parent. While clearly I
was in a venting mood when I wrote these words, it was not my intention to
communicate hopelessness. On the other hand, I refuse to be required always
to play the role of cheerleader: it is important to identify solutions, but
it is also occasionally essential to point out where we are collectively in
our species journey, even when the facts call forth uncomfortable emotions.
Connect and share in new ways with Windows Live. Connect
 __._,_.___  Messages in this topic
0)  Reply (via web post)
a new topic
 Messages|
  [image: Yahoo!
Change settings via the
ID required)
Change settings via email: Switch delivery to Daily
format to Traditional
 Visit Your Group
Groups Terms of Use  | Unsubscribe
  Visit Your Group
 Yahoo! News
Kevin Sites
Get coverage of
world crises.
 Dog Zone
on Yahoo! Groups
Join a Group
all about dogs.
 Yahoo! Groups
Special K Challenge
Learn how others are
shedding the pounds.
  .

@_date: 2009-07-21 01:12:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak Oil by Producing Nation 
In the plausible event that oil prices bottomed last winter and will
return to an average somewhere between that and the July 2008 high
(never mind going well beyond the latter in a few years), it seems
likely to me that increased oil revenue will give Chavez the cushion
he needs for stable domestic support.

@_date: 2009-07-22 12:47:50
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
I've been a fan of Baker for a long time.  He grossly overestimates
the positive effect of patents and copyright in stimulating
innovation, IMO.  Most product and process innovations would have been
developed without patents, according to a study by F.M. Scherer, and
the "freemium" model (i.e. Redhat and Phish) is pretty broadly
applicable as a way of making money despite free content.  If
anything, patents suppress innovation.

@_date: 2009-07-23 02:07:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] devastating story on cradle to cradle founder 
"...the architect said, 'I want to be the Bill Gates of
sustainability,' and [that] he wants to make a royalty off of every
green standard and every green product out there."
This just about floored me, because the vibe I'd been picking up from
the whole article was "Bill Gates."
The technologies that save the world will be those that ordinary
people can adopt for themselves at low cost, without paying royalties
to some greenwashed billionaire.

@_date: 2009-07-24 13:18:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [LeftLibertarian2] Patents and the Regress of 
Not that it would by any means be a surprise to folks on this list, but
 this paper
 discusses an on-line simulation of alternate patent systems (traditional,
 none and hybrid) which suggests that innovation, productivity and societal
 utility are greater when there is no patent protection.
 --
 "He who receives an idea from me, receives instruction himself without
 lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine, receives light without
 darkening me."--Thomas Jefferson (inventor and first U.S. Patent Examiner),
 8/13/1813 letter to Isaac McPherson, The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, vol.
 13, ed. A.A. Lipscomb and A.E. Bergh (Washington, D.C.: Thomas Jefferson
 Memorial Association, 1904), pp. 326-38.
 ------------------------------------
 Yahoo! Groups Links
 <*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
     <*> Your email settings:
    Individual Email | Traditional
 <*> To change settings online go to:
        (Yahoo! ID required)
 <*> To change settings via email:
    mailto:LeftLibertarian2-digest at yahoogroups.com
    mailto:LeftLibertarian2-fullfeatured at yahoogroups.com
 <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    LeftLibertarian2-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
 <*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:

@_date: 2009-07-25 13:17:54
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
That may well be, but it seems likely to me that the reduced capital
outlays and other entry barriers, and a shift in price as it becomes
impossible to externalize the real costsof agribusiness, means that
the mix will shift considerably toward home and neighborhood
production.  A great deal of division of labor can be achieved by
specialization at the neighborhood level--not only one person
producing specialty crops for a number of other families, but a
skilled seamstress sewing for the neighborhood (as opposed to a larger
number of families with under- or unused sewing machines gathering
dust, or the sewing being done indifferently well).
As a matter of fact, Havana and Shanghai produce a majority of their
vegetables, and China's urban population meets around 85% of its
vegetable needs through rooftop and vacant lot gardening.
However, I don't know if you have a garden (I do, and picked my
I've been gardening about ten years, from the time I first lived in a
rent house with a yard attached and gardening became feasible.   IMO
the learning curve is fairly rapid, for anyone who is reasonably
interested in learning, and capable of learning from his own
experience, from one year to the next.  I started out based on
memories of childhood gardening (in a small southern city, with
parents who grew up in the rural south and considered a garden an
expected part of life, relying heavily on chemical fertilizers and
pesticides), and a handful of books on organic gardening.

@_date: 2009-07-26 01:38:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
I meant to mention Bill McKibbon as the source, but was a bit
scatterbrained as I was getting ready to go to work.

@_date: 2009-07-27 17:11:31
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
Innovation requires either a market, or the internalization of costs
and benefits of innovation in individual actors or small groups,
before we can know whether a given innovation was worth it.  That was
one of Hayek's critiques of the Soviet planned economy:  that it was
full of innovations and blockbuster projects undertake for prestige
value, with no  idea of whether better (if less flashy) use might have
been made of the same resources.  That's also IMO one of the problems
with the large corporation as a planned economy:  its internal capital
investments are so irrational, and nobody seems to be in possession of
the knowledge or common sense to evaluate whether they were a good
idea given available resources and the alternative uses of them.   For
example, the hospital that puts most of its capital investment
resources into buying a Da Vinci surgical robot and offering the
newest, most costly procedures that benefit only a tiny fraction of
the public but carry great prestige value--while their patients with
more mundane medical problems go five days without a bath or linen
change, or lie 45 minutes in their own shit waiting for a bedpan.  The
American corporate economy is awash with gold-plated turds (like e.g.
Word 2007, which replaced the at least reasonably functional 2003
version) that are more complicated and tech-intensive, but less
responsive to end-user needs than what they replace.  It is awash with
all kinds of supply-push-driven "features" that don't seem to answer
anyone's actual needs, with the new technology amounting to new steps
in a Rube Goldberg device that are added without any consideration
whatever to  cost-benefit analysis, or specifically to whether the
added utility (if any) offsets the increased lifetime-costing.

@_date: 2009-07-27 18:49:18
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the culture of the audit and the prefigurative 
It's an excellent article.
I would say that, contrary to the fears of those on the "progressive"
left who support the local food movement, genuine "free market
ideologues" (in the sense of those who want to remove all forms of
subsidy and regulatory restraint on competition from the marketplace)
are the worst enemies of globalization.  Globalization isn't some
autonomous force that has to be restrained by the regulatory state.
It is a state construct that depends on continuing state subsidy and
regulation for its survival.
Guthman's portrayal of the dispute as one of regulatory restaint on
globalization vs. a greenwashed, yuppified, "one meal at a time"
approach is an utter strawman.  The problem is that the present
structural position of globalized agribusiness results from the
presence of the state, not its absence.
Our only alternatives aren't a regulatory state and a "culture of
audit."  There is the third alternative of REMOVING the present
regulatory and subsidy regime's active supports to globalization.
We don't need the regulatory powers of nation-states to prevent the
globalization of food.  We need nation-states to STOP criminalizing
free commercial speech--e.g., restrictions on labeling food as
GMO-free, food libel laws, etc.  We need nation-states to STOP
stealing land from peasants and turning it over to local landed elites
for use in cash-crop plantation agriculture in collusion with global
agribusiness interests (that applies, especially, to the U.S.
government and its fraternal aid over the last sixty years to make
Latin America safe for Latifundia and Guatemala safe for United
Fruit).  We need nation-states to STOP subsidizing long-distance
transportation.  We need nation-states to STOP subsidizing irrigation
water to large plantations.  We need nation-states to STOP enforcing
the "intellectual  property" [sic] rights of Monsanto and its ilk.
Progressives' friendliness toward state-mandated organic certification
is especially problematic.  The cost of certification is a significant
addition to overhead cost for a small market gardener, which acts as a
barrier toward the smallest producers marketing their surplus as
organic as a supplemental source of income in addition to some other
wage job.  Like all other forms of mandated minimum overhead costs, it
effectively criminalizes small-batch production and requires all
market actors to operate on some minimum scale in order to make a
profit ("get big or get out").  The price premium on certified organic
vs. "no-spray" in my local natural food co-op, which amounts to about
50%, is instructive.  I have pushed them repeatedly to choose no-spray
over certified whenever possible, and to make it clear to customers
with a wink and a nudge that it's really the same thing without the
added tribute to the certification cartel, but their yuppie liberal
regulation="progressive" mindset seems to filter out the logic.
One of the main dangers (related to warnings by Paul Fernhout and P.M.
 Lawrence on this list) is that local government will use
"progressives" as useful idiots to relegate local, organic food to a
yuppie ghetto, through regulatory interventions (motivated by "food
safety," of course) that impose unnecessary additional overhead costs
on small producers.  Unfortunately, all too many self-described
"progressives" will only see that it's a regulation and that it's
promoted as a "public safety" measure, and conclude--immovably--that
anyone against it must be one of those awful money-grubbing "free
market ideologues" who want to turn the world over to Halliburton and
club baby whales to death with baby seals.
Our main countereconomic hope is to seize the advantage of Peak Oil
and mushrooming transportation costs and encourage the expansion of
local small-scale production as fast as humanly feasible, so that the
growth of small-scale production under the radar of the existing
regulatory authorities is beyond their present power to monitor, and
any attempt to propose expanded monitoring capabilities will be met
with an existing situation on the ground.  Given such a momentum and
fait accompli, any ostensibly "progressive" proposals to cripple
small-scale local agriculture can be attacked as a "new" and "radical"
proposal to take away the main source people are currently relying on,
and to force them to go back to queuing up to buy the limited amount
of rationed corporate produce from California that still gets through
with diesel fuel costing $12/gal.  This gets back to the
defensive-offensive arms race which PML and I were discussing--make
hay while the sun shines!
Regarding the issue of "elitism" (namely, the present high cost of
local food and its predominant appeal to yuppies), that high cost
results to a large extent from the fact that the market has been
skewed so heavily by government subsidies toward large-scale
agribusiness shipping stuff cross-country or internationally.  The
cost premium also reflects a temporary producer rent, as demand
continues to outstrip supply, that will be remedied as local market
gardeners respond to the price signal by bringing new land under
cultivation.  And it reflects a distribution system geared toward
corporate agribusiness; demand is not yet high enough, in most areas,
for an entire truckload to be taken up by an organic farm's shipment
to a particular grocer, so it must split the load up between several
separated destinations.  When the artificial encouragement of
plantation agriculture is removed, and the balance shifts back to
local market gardens as the primary source of supply, the price of
local stuff will come down.
As to industrial agriculture's superior  "productivity," it is more
efficient only in direct labor hours at the point of production, and
actually less efficient in output per acre.  And I would maintain
that, in many if not most cases, the superior labor efficiency at the
point of prodution is more than offset by distribution costs and
oligopoly markup.

@_date: 2009-07-27 21:17:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why newspapers are dying...a history lesson. 
iTunes abandonment of DRM, and MS's bad experience with Vista, are
already two data points.
I'm hoping AP's latest gambit of threating to sue for any use of their
"content" (even a headline and link) by news aggregators will hurt
them so catastrophically they'll curl up into a fetal position and
whimper at the mere thought of ever trying it again.  A business model
based on suing online news aggregators for linking to your stories
without paying you first?  Sounds like it should be in the dictionary
under "shit for brains."   It's like Sony threatening to sue people
for mentioning the name of an album when they recommend it to their

@_date: 2009-07-27 21:53:27
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: meeting on p2p risks to national sec 
?Government and the Corporate Pigs Who Control It: How They Endanger
Citizens and Jeopardize National Security.?

@_date: 2009-07-28 14:44:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
True, and even in planned economies like the USSR where it was almost
impossible to value the productive resources going into an innovation
and rank the alternative uses of those resource, at least some
use-value was being created.  Refrigerators, microwaves, improved
vehicles, televisions, etc., were introduced over the years of Soviet
rule, and the general standard of living was surely better as a result
of the technical progress.
I've had some right-wing libertarians tell me the corporate economy
couldn't be as statist as I make it out to be, and that it must be
predominantly a market system even with the present degree of state
involvement, because otherwise calculational chaos would have rendered
it non-functional.
In response I point to the innovations that took place in feudal
Europe and under Soviet rule, and argue that by their standards it
would require a degree of statism greater than that of the Soviet
Union or feudal Europe to result in economic collapse.  Then I
cheerfully concede that American state capitalism is probably no more
statist than the USSR.
What we have, though, in both the US corporate economy and the old
USSR, is a lot of new technology and only the vaguest ideas of whether
it's something people actually wanted or just what the bureaucracy
wanted to design, and whether it is an efficient use of resources.

@_date: 2009-07-28 14:45:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Thanks for the perspective.  I don't know if McKibbon's claim was
based on official sources or not.

@_date: 2009-07-28 14:51:51
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the culture of the audit and the prefigurative 
There are certainly complex, interacting factors involved.   But I
could envision a phased process, in which the state's subsidies to
agribusiness, long-distance shipping, etc., were first removed, and
food safety and other laws removed later after the marketplace
relocalized.  it seems likely to me that the effect of Peak Oil and
increased transportation cost will be not only relocalized production,
but more demographically stable local communities in which established
trust networks play a larger role.  As states become increasingly
hollow and cease to provide certification and trust on a centralized
basis, as a matter of fact, local social networks will probably turn
increasingly to informal trust mechanisms out of necessity (i.e. trade
within fraternal lodge networks, 'friend of a friend" stuff, etc.).

@_date: 2009-07-28 23:10:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In the future...the cost of education will be 
unfortunately, the overhead (the administrative personnel supported)
is the whole POINT of the present system.  And a low- to no-overhead
system that competes with them is the primary thing to be avoided.
They'll rig the game by every available means, just like the
proprietary content industries, to avoid having to "compete with

@_date: 2009-07-29 12:23:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
Some conventional liberals like to  point to Somalia as an example of
the ultimate free market society, without a state framework.  The
market anarchists and anarcho-capitalists have stood the example on
its head, arguing that Somalia--for all its problems--probably has a
better quality of life than it did under any of the stable centralized
regimes propped up by the USSR and U.S.  The proper comparison, they
say, is not between Somalia and stable Western countries with
governments, but between Somalia now and Somalia before.
Socialist anarchists like Iain McKay of the Anarchist FAQ stand the
example back on its feet and argue that, far from being an
anarcho-capitalist utopia, Somalia has other social anarchist
stabilizing factors like a large element of common land (with ultimate
property and reversionary rights to the clan), extended families and
villages as income pooling units, etc.

@_date: 2009-07-30 14:54:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In the future...the cost of education will be 
I agree that the present system will be abandoned under pressure of
necessity because it's unsustainable, and I hope at least that the
people running it will allow it to disintegrate as peacefully as did
the Soviet elite 20 years ago instead of making a catastrophic last
stand and launching civil war to defend it.
But as an a fortiori  argument that people (at least the people
running them) cling to bad systems, at the time the present system was
created over a century ago, it was not only not self-evidently the
most efficient way of doing things, it was far worse than the
available alternatives and was imposed on society by a top-down
revolution, mainly because the people who ran the system and benefited
from it saw it as natural.  The present elite are not only clinging to
a bad system as long as they can, they created a system that was bad
from the beginning, and reshaped an entire society to see it as
natural and inevitable.
And things like the DMCA and all the rest of the proprietary culture
regime are examples of their attempt to cling to it as long as they
can.  Of course I hope when they see the untenability of their
position, they'll collapse as quickly as did the Soviet elite.
Creating alternatives and doing everything possible to subvert and
demoralize those people is key.

@_date: 2009-07-30 18:15:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] US/European post-WWII experiences and social 
In theory, cradle-to-grave schooling could absorb any
Perhaps if you put up a "School" sign over the terrafoam dorms,
everybody would be happy.

@_date: 2009-06-01 17:43:18
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 40 ways to download music legally... 
Legally?!!  What do you think we are, a bunch of Republicans?

@_date: 2009-06-04 14:50:27
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Penny for your P2P Thoughts 
IMO the problem is not markets.  It's artificial scarcity.  The
open-source revolution is about removing artificial scarcity.  If
patents and copyrights are eliminated, and artificial scarcities of
land and capital that make some people dependent on others for their
livelihoods, and it's still possible for you to produce something of
value that others are willing to pay for because of its natural
scarcity, then more power to you.
If anything, I expect the imploding capital outlays required for
physical production, and the collapse of IP as a cause of exchange
value for physical goods, will cause the boundaries between the market
and P2P, and the boundaries between physical and conceptual
production, to blur.
Markets are a perfectly valid way of organizing economic activity, of
connecting production to exchange, when natural scarcity exists:  the
need for the expenditure of effort to produce a unit of consumption is
a source of scarcity, and under those circumstances the exchange of
effort for effort is entirely legitimate.  What's illegitimate is the
kind of unequal exchange we have under capitalism, where (as Big Bill
Haywood put it, one man gets a dollar he didn't works for and another
man works for a dollar he didn't get).
In a non-capitalist market economy without unequal exchange or
artificial scarcity, I expect open-source to blur the lines between
market and non-market modes of disribution as a sort of natural
evolution:  As costs of production implode in ever-growing sectors of
the economy (starting with the zero marginal costs of reproduction in
the conceptual realm), I expect those areas of economic activity to
become what the Austrians become "non-economic goods" (as the nuclear
power enthusiasts put it some sixty years ago, "too cheap to meter").

@_date: 2009-06-04 16:57:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Well, a lot of it depends on what you mean by "post-capitalism," and
hinges on just how much things would have to deviate from the current
model of corporate capitalism before it qualifies as fundamentally
different.  I believe that within a generation we're going to see a
radical shortening of supply and distribution chains from Peak Oil, a
combined relocalization of most production and an explosion of LETS
and barter networks as official money and wage employment dry up for a
major part of the population, and a collapse of the old corporate
proprietors in the culture and software industries.  I believe
there'll still be some long-distance trade (albeit a fraction of the
present value), and things called stock markets and corporations will
still exist (albeit at a fraction of their present importance in the
overall economy); if this means that "capitalism" will exist in your
terminology, well and good.
The growth of the financial sector compared to physical assets is a
major symptom of the problem.   Given corporate capitalism's chronic
tendency toward overproduction and overinvestment, you can't invest
the surplus in plant and equipment that will generate even more goods
when people can't consume existing output.  So you pile up the surplus
investment capital in a FIRE sector that only works until the ponzi
scheme collapses.
The U.S. stock market valuations a couple of months ago were about 50%
of their 2007 high, and still less than two-thirds.  Real estate
prices have plummeted as well.
When adjusted realistically for underemployed and discouraged workers,
it's more like 15% or 16%, which is about the equilibrium FDR managed
to achieve in the late '30s, and would probably have continued
indefinitely had not WWII saved corporate capitalism.  That's not a
very high bar for success.
That's a big "only."  First of all, one reason for the growth of the
FIRE economy from the '90s on was that the export of industrial
capital had reached its limits as a strategy for solving the crisis of
overinvestment.  China is saturated with more industrial capital than
there is a market for.  And second, there's not much future in
shipping goods overseas from Chinese factories when fuel costs two or
three--or more--times what it did this time last year.
This is hard to believe.  Had oil stayed at its summer 2008 prices
indefinitely, some 20% of airline routes would have shut down and a
comparable percentage of long-haul trucks left the market.  And this
was indeed a "hiccup" compared to what we can expect from Peak Oil in
the future.  Even a supply shortfall of a few percent can cause prices
at the pump to double.  What can we expect when supply falls by half
or two-thirds over the next generation?  I expect we'll see a total
collapse of intercontinental supply chains except in vital minerals,
and an order of magnitude of reduction of continental supply chains
for most manufactured goods.  The factories in China and Vietnam will
become useless for anything but producing goods for people in--well,
in China and Vietnam.  Production of spare parts and modular
accessories will grow massively at the expense of production of new
goods, and the growth in such production of spare parts and modular
accessories will occur mainly in flexible manufacturing nets in
relocalized industrial economies.  In-season produce will be almost
entirely relocalized by backyard gardening and market gardening, and a
much larger percentage of our diets will be either in-season or canned
local stuff.
We're barely two years into the real crisis:  two years from when real
estate prices began to slide, a year from when Peak Oil first became a
household word, and nine months since inventories and employment began
a free-fall.
To say "everything's OK so far" this early in the process is IMO about
like saying, immediately after Alaric's first repulse from the gates
of Rome, "Well, the system's still got a lot of life in it."  Or the
old joke about the optimist who fell off a 100-story skyscraper and
shouted to the people on the 99th floor, "OK so far!"
Well, yeah.   But that's a biggie.  The whole export-oriented pattern
of growth you keep appealing to in China, and possibly in Africa in
the future, was becoming increasingly untenable even with oil at
$140/barrel last year, when McKinsey Quarterly was running articles
about corporations looking to shorten their supply chains from China
to Mexico.  What happens to that "warehouses in container ships"
distribution model when oil is $1000/barrel?  My guess is the ships
will be rusting, the shipping containers will serve as houses, and the
industry in China will be redirected to the Chinese domestic market if
it survives at all.
To say that things look good for capitalism except for Peak Oil is a
bit like saying your uncle is just like your aunt except for his

@_date: 2009-06-04 21:27:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fiction about metaverse money 
Just for starters, I really liked the tone; it gave me the same
"Babylon is about to fall" vibe I picked up in Cory Doctorow's online
chapters of Theme Punks.
I notice the story was written in 1995, and it's hard for me to
estimate its fictional time frame just by comparing the events in the
story to a likely near-future exrapolation from the mid-90s.  But I'm
guessing it probably could have been written with--say--2009 in mind.
Given the euphoria over the "information superhighway" back then,
Stephenson's merging of  "Internet and optical fiber and HDTV and
digital cash" sounds like something it would be plausible to expect by
Of course, he failed to anticipate the extent to which the Copyright
Nazis would put the country under lockdown.  For one thing, it's a lot
harder to merge cable TV with the Internet when it's illegal to
circumvent the DRM that prevents transferring content from one
platform to another--unless the entire "superhighway" or "metaverse"
is DRM'ed and run on Windows, which ranks pretty high on my list of
For another, although his observation that "in the Metaverse, you can
actually whip out a gun and blow the Energizer Bunny's head off,"
should appeal to anyone who's ever read the Cluetrain Manifesto (as I
recall Searle, Weininger et al used the analogy of the 'bots on MST3K
ruthlessly mocking commercials), I'm pretty sure that would violate
enough trademark rights under the DMCA to get any would-be parodist a
full-jackboot facial massage in Gitmo.  Or at least extraordinary
rendition to a country that doesn't recognize Fair Use.
I find the crypto-credit idea appealing, although Stephenson puts
something of an anarcho-capitalist spin on it (with the "Distributed
Republic" folks sounding an awful lot like the e-gold/seasteading
crowd, and the main motivation for the currency as tax-dodging).   But
it seems to me that another major motivation for such an encrypted
currency would be to circumvent bank licensing laws that prevent
(among other things) the crowsourced mobilization of credit through
social lending networks, without any capitalization besides the
members' own contributions.  That kind of thing (ordinary producers
advancing credit to each other against future production, and pooling
their small capitals outside the monopoly banking system) is as much a
nightmare of the usurers who profit from artificial scarcity of credit
and money, as free culture and software are to the artificial scarcity
profiteers in the cognitive realm.
And it also strikes me that any such currency would be designed on a
tiered and/or modular basis, with the the most important service
package being an encrypted electronic LETS system for facilitating
exchange in local, alternative economies (not that it wouldn't also be
useful on a larger scale, on a secondary level).
Crypto-credits would be great for circumventing banking regulations
that hinder mutual credit schemes, and for facilitating local trade
off the books with unlicensed practitioners (the low-overhead
microenterprises in the household and informal economy that I'm so
fond of, who would undoubtedly like a secure means of exchange that
didn't leave a paper trail for the local inspection/licensing
regime)--as well as for eliminating what federal, state and local
taxes contribute to overhead.  This latter is especially important in
bringing out the efficiencies of the informal economy, because--as
Scott Burns pointed out in The Household Economy--if the tax burden on
enterprises is (say) 50%, that means a plumber and an electrician
can't exchange their services on an hour-for-hour basis in the
conventional capitalist economy.  The plumber has to work an hour and
a half to pay for an hour of the electrician's time, and vice versa.
One caveat I have is that Stephenson seems to view the currency mainly
as a store of value, rather than a means of facilitating exchange.
But the primary benefit of a local currency, as a facilitator and
measure of exchange, is that it provides liquidity for exchange of
future services by people who don't presently have any money (in the
sense of a store of value) accumulated.

@_date: 2009-06-06 10:38:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Another take on being a contemporary 
That certainly carries more than a little vibe of paternalistic social
engineering.  But it would probably come across better if the the
author were politic enough to mention that the present system of
corporate capitalism, rather than being the spontaneous outgrowth of a
free market, is the result of a top-down social engineering experiment
at least as enormous and authoritarian as anything he has in mind.  It
would also be nice if he showed some awareness that most of what he
desires could be achieved, not by new restrictions and/or subsidies,
but by removing *existing* subsidies and protections from corporate

@_date: 2009-06-09 19:16:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Fwd=3A_=5BSEN=5D_Fwd=3A_Second_Ca?= 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Call for Papers, URPE Summer Conference, August 15 ? 18, 2009
 For more information about the Summer Conference program, fees,
transportation, etc., click here and then click on the appropriate
link on the left. For more information about URPE (Union for Radical
Political Economics) in general, click here.
 Greetings!
 Papers and workshops proposals are being accepted for the URPE 2009
Annual Summer Conference held August 15 - 18, 2009.  The theme of this
year?s conference is ?Economic Crises: Opportunities for Radical
Change.?  Now is the time for Heterodox Economists of all persuasions
to find creative solutions and to do serious analysis and speak out
about the domestic and global economic recession and financial crisis!
 As always we are looking for Political Economy papers from all
disciplines (including at least sociology, political science, urban
studies, and anthropology in addition to economics). The conference
always has a mix of relatively more technical presentations of
Political Economy research from scholars and graduate students in all
stages of development with more popular and activist oriented
presentations. Political Economy papers that address the current
economic crises are encouraged, especially those that say something
about how the current crisis provides opportunities for radical
change. More general political economy submissions are of course as
every year warmly welcomed as well !!
 Please consider forming a workshop with 2 to 4 papers on a common
theme that your and colleagues might be working on.  Or just submit a
paper.  Please send all submissions to: laura.ebert at marist.edu .
Workshops and papers will be accepted until all space is filled? while
last minute submissions are welcome they might not be accepted if
there is no space , so please get your submission in early.
  Laura Ebert
 Assistant Professor of Economics
 Dyson Hall 308
 School of Management
 Marist College
 Poughkeepsie , New York 12601
 office 845-575-3000 X2904
 cell 845-337-0061
 laura.ebert at marist.edu

@_date: 2009-06-10 09:28:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People happier under Soviet-styled socialism? 
The sheer scale of theft was absolutely astounding.  The entire
state-owned economy, which should have been "privatized" as worker
cooperatives (and was going to be under Gorbachev's plan), was instead
looted by the kleptocrats.  It makes the Enclosures look positively
picayune in comparison.
It's interesting that the more principled right-wing libertarians,
like Murray Rothbard, argued that state property in former state
socialist regimes should be treated as unowned and "homesteaded" by
those in actual occupancy (either the workers or consumers).  That
would mean "privatizing" state industry by handing it over to workers'
councils, and privatizing state services like utilities by
transforming them into consumer co-ops.
Similar in kind, if not degree, has been the bait-and-switch involving
the American Social Security system over the past 25 years.  The U.S.
government passed a "reform" to "solve" the system's shortfall in the
'80s by increasing the payroll tax.  Unfortunately, most people
weren't aware that there wasn't a big stack of surplus money being put
away.  Rather, the surplus was used to buy U.S. savings bonds.  In
other words, the SS surplus was used to conceal and understate the
deficit over a twenty year period caused by cuts to the top marginal
tax rate.  American workers paid a higher SS payroll tax, which they
had been promised would keep the system solvent for their lifetimes,
and the money was instead given back to the rich while the SS trust
fund was filled up with government IOUs.  And now, after twenty years
of higher payroll tax and absolutely nothing to show for it, we're
being told the only way to fix it is to increase the retirement age or
some other bit of skullduggery.

@_date: 2009-06-11 12:15:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Another take on being a contemporary 
The problem is that the current level of fossil fuel consumption, and
the transportation-intensiveness of the economy, result not from
laissez-faire, but from top-down social engineering in the wrong
direction.  Government has subsidized economic centralization and made
long-distance logistical chains artificially cheap, and also created
subsidized distance between where we live and where we work and shop.
Government has also, to a large extent, preempted traditional common
law standards of tort liability to prevent the negative externalities
of centralization and fuel consumption from being properly
internalized.  Simply removing the subsidies to the consumption of
energy and to the extensive use of transportation inputs, and ceasing
to protect pollutors from liability, would likely go a long way toward
scaling down energy use without the need for any countervailing social
engineering measures.

@_date: 2009-06-11 15:07:25
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
OTOH "free market" is very widely used to mean something like actually
existing corporate capitalism.  That's why you commonly see
Congressmen standing up to defend IP on Big Pharma's drugs or on Bill
Gates' software, or to defend bans on reimportation of Canadian drugs,
as "the way our free market system works."  That's why you see that
Republican Congresswoman from Minnesota who was lampooned on last
night's Olbermann show for saying American prosperity until recently
was created by "free market economists" [sic], and that we're seeing
"the deconstruction of free market economists" [sic] before our very
Defenders of actually existing corporate capitalism have claimed the
term "free market" for their own, in the same way that Stalin claimed
the language and symbolism of the classical socialist movement for his
own:  as legitimizing symbols for a fundamentally statist system of
I think it's useful to distinguish between capitalism and the free
market.  The former is a system characterized by privilege and
artificial scarcity, in which capitalists control the state and allow
the market to operate freely only to the extent that it serves their
interests.  Capitalists occupy the same state-privileged and
state-controlling position under capitalism that the landlords did
under the Old Regime.

@_date: 2009-06-11 15:10:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
No.  State expropriation of the land of untold hundreds of millions of
peasants over the past few generations, coupled with state subsidies
to export-oriented cash crop plantation farming, means that millions
of children die of hunger each year even though enough food is
produced for all.  And millions of people die each year because drug
patents mean they can't afford to pay for the medicine that would save
them.  Both the enforcement of feudal land titles against the genuine
property rights of the occupant-cultivator, and the enforcement of
patents and copyright of all kind, are anathema to genuine free market

@_date: 2009-06-11 15:19:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
I don't think Stan's characterization is intended as a dismissal.  I
certainly don't dismiss commons-oriented peer production or regard it
as worthy of dismissal,  but I regard it as fully compatible with a
genuine market as I envision them.  My desired society is one in which
the majority of the means of production are affordable to ordinary
working people, and most people own (either cooperatively or through
self-employment) their means of subsistence.  A "market" for me is not
equivalent to the cash nexus, but includes all forms of voluntary and
non-coerced relationships between working people in such a society.
It might well be, in such a market society, that the majority of
production comes to be carried out for direct subsistence in
individual households or cohousing units, or for non-monetized peer
production, and money exchange is only supplemental and secondary.
Well and good.  It's my firm belief that in a genuine free market
society, the distinctions between a self-managed anarcho-commie
collective, and a market firm exchanging for money, would be largely
academic:  just different ways for voluntary associations of
self-employed people, who own the means of production, to organize
production among themselves.
And since I've been called, in various fora, a "Rand-quoting
goose-stepping racist Nazi" for defending markets, and a
"collectivist" and a "commie" for opposing big business and favoring
cooperatives and open-source, I guess that means I'm describing
something new as well. ;)

@_date: 2009-06-11 20:17:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
But all those references are to the use of "capital-IST" as someone
performing a particular economic function, whereas Dmytri's claim is
for the use of "capital-ISM" as a social system.  I was vaguely aware
that the "capitalist" usage predated "capitalism";  but I still think
"capitalism" came into widespread use by radical critics of the
system, and initially carried a largely pejorative connotation.  I get
the impression that both Mises' and Rand's preference for "capitalism"
over "free enterprise" reflected a deliberate intention to scandalize
by reclaiming what had been a slur (much like gay rights activists
using the term "queer," etc.).

@_date: 2009-06-17 17:37:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Capitalist Manifesto 
It probably depends on what is meant by a return of "capitalism."  As
Paul Krugman argued last December, things look fairly good for
capitalism in the near-term aftermath of spending a trillion or two on
stimulus packages.  The real problem comes from trying to imagine a
post-bubble economy after 2010 or so--particularly what will be the
source of demand for enabling our present overbuilt industrial
capacity to operate at close to full utilization without a housing
boom as a source of credit-inflated purchasing power.

@_date: 2009-06-23 19:24:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
I think far more important than the question of what energy sources
will replace fossil fuels as the primary means for supplying energy
demand, is the fact that energy demand itself doesn't have to be
constant.  Far more important than either solar or nuclear, as a
source of "new" energy, is reduced demand.  With relocalization of
most industrial logistic chains, the widespread use of passive solar
heating and cooling design, cogeneration with industrial waste heat,
and a return to walkable communities and public transit, we could
easily reduce total energy consumption by 80%.

@_date: 2009-03-05 21:00:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Missing Productivity and the Rise of Social 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader:
Missing Productivity and the Rise of Social
via Matthew Yglesias  by myglesias on
[image: pajamas_blogger_1.jpg]
A couple of days ago, I was discussing Michael Mandel?s Fake Productivity
In response to this, Tyler Cowen countered with the No Profits Here
[T]here was some productivity growth but much of it fell outside of the
usual cash and revenue-generating nexus. Maybe you will live until 83 rather
than 81.5 and your pain reliever will work better. In the meantime you will
read blogs and gaze upon beautiful people using your Facebook account. Those
are gains to consumer surplus, but they don?t prop up the revenue-generating
sectors of the economy as one might have expected.
Good examples of this would have to include Wikipedia (which is hugely
useful but doesn?t make anyone any money at all), Craigslist (which has
revolutionized the way people do a lot of things but has done far more to
destroy other firms? revenue sources than to make money for itself), and
much open-source software (where the absence of copyright-enforced monopoly
profits make the product more useful, but less lucrative, than closed-source
products). John Quiggin has been pondering the rise of social production for
a while and has the following bullet
the implications:
   - If monetary returns are weakly, or even negatively correlated with the
   value of social production, *there?s no reason to expect capital markets
   to do a good job in allocating resources to supporting innovation*. (This
   point seems rather less controversial than when I made it in 2006.)
   - As a corollary, it seems unlikely that large inequalities in income are
   beneficial to anyone except the recipients of high incomes (this issue is
   being discussed, in a much more abstract setting, at Crooked Timber)
   - *If improvements in welfare are increasingly independent of the market,
   it would make sense to shift resources out of market production, for example
   by reducing working hours*. The financial crisis seems certain to produce
   at least a temporary drop in average hours, but the experience of the
   Depression and the Japanese slowdown of the 1990s suggest that the effect
   may be permanent.
   - Creativity, broadly defined, seems likely to become more important,
   while markets, particularly financial markets, become less so. Firms that
   want to survive and prosper will have to behave quite differently from the
   way the did in the past. Google is an obvious example of a firm that is
   trying to do this, if not always succeeding.
I see two clear areas where the rubber may hit the road on this. One is in
terms of working hours. Consider this
[image: figurea.jpg]
Clearly, we?re going to be able to produce more market-value of stuff than
the barely-working Dutch are. At the same time, if you visit the Netherlands
it?s not as if people are starving in the street. They have plenty of stuff.
And, obviously, they have more free time. That can be nice in its own terms,
or it might just mean more washing dishes by hand. But in the brave new
digital world where it?s possible to engage in endeavors that are useful to
other people on a pretty large scale on a hobbyist basis, it also means they
have more time to do non-market work?write open source code, record an album
and have people download it on BitTorrent, improve Wikipedia entries, etc.
Obviously, you couldn?t base an entire economy on this kind of thing, since
you can?t produce any tangible goods this way. But 1,357 hours per year
isn?t nothing, it?s just a lot less than 1,824 hours per years. And these
days, more-and-more of what people are interested in are non-tangible goods.
It?s a bit of a clich? in politics to talk about the need to move from an
?industrial age economy? to an ?information age economy? but there?s
relatively little thought given to what this might actually entail. But it
might entail a lot! Among other things, it might entail that certain
economic metrics developed for the industrial age are less-relevant, and
therefore that appropriate tradeoffs aren?t what they once were. A friend of
mine just twittered:
tinyurl is down. these URL shorteners are a real problem: essential but not
a viable business, it?s a surefire recipe for tons of lost data.
The real ?problem,? though, is broader than TinyURL. And the solution may be
hoping that people have free time and, if bored, will be inspired to do
something useful. It?s the vision of Marx?s early thought, or *Star Trek*.
A potentially related issue has to do with broadband infrastructure. My
understanding is that the internet is radically faster in some Asian
countries, notably South Korea and Japan, than it is here in part because
the state has intervened in a more heavy-handed way to ensure that this is
the case. Clearly, though, South Korea and Japan are not crushing the United
States economically. One potential explanation for this is that all this
talk about the Internet is way off-base, and digital communication isn?t
actually all that important to the modern economy. I don?t find that
especially plausible. Another explanation is the Cowen/Quiggen
explanation?the consumer surplus associated with digital communication is
only very partially captured as profits. That will predict that absent
heavy-handed government intervention, capital markets will underfund
broadband infrastructure and you?ll have less of it than would be socially
optimal. This is, I think, a fairly reasonable interpretation of the
broadband gap.
All that?s very left-wing, but there are also less left-wing implications
for fiscal stimulus and the like. Although in either case ?be more like
Western Europe? turns out to be the prescription.
Things you can do from here:
   - Subscribe to Matthew
   *Google Reader*
   - Get started using Google
Readerto easily keep up
   *all your favorite sites*

@_date: 2009-03-08 09:55:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] distributed healtcare solutions 
Sorry about the delay, Michel.  I didn't realize this was addressed to
me personally, or I would have responded sooner.  I'll get something
together--thanks for asking.

@_date: 2009-03-10 08:01:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] important appeal: social 
It?s an excellent model for community resilience?simultaneously a
cushion that could enable the unemployed to subsist outside the wage
system and form the nucleus of a future post-mass production economy
centered on production outside the wage system.
A few points:
The Fab lab concept should be expanded to include all forms of
small-scale production tools affordable by individuals. This would
include well-equipped home workshops with conventional machine tools,
as well as intermediate-sized tools like the multimachine. This
broader conception would coincide with the community workshops
advocated by Colin Ward, Karl Hess, etc.
Local agriculture should place a premium on alternative water sources
(esp. rainwater conservation with cisterns), edible permaculture
landscaping, etc., for resilience against drought and other forms of
climate change associated with global warming.
And adding housing as a fourth and separate category, rather than only
related tangentially to the other functions of the Cafe, would fill a
big gap in the overall resiliency strategy. It might be some kind of
cheap, bare bones cohousing project associated with the Cafe (water
taps, cots, hotplates, etc) that would house people at minimal cost on
the YMCA model. Squats in abandoned/public buildings, and building
with scavenged materials on vacant lots, etc. (a la Colin Ward), might
tie in with this as wel
Vinay Gupta?s work on emergency life-support technology for refugees
is also relevant to the housing problem: offering cheap LED lighting,
solar cookers, water purifiers, etc., to those living in tent cities
and Hoovervilles.

@_date: 2009-03-15 21:54:13
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: switching to another mailing list if nobody 
I used to be owner of a yahoogroup.  Since nobody else volunteered,
and I'd like to keep the list going, I'll volunteer--assuming the
duties consist mainly of moderating messages and don't include
anything beyond my meager technical abilities.

@_date: 2009-03-16 10:22:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] editorial on a social innovation stimulus 
Considering that the Guardian published Victor Keegan's piece, I'd say
there's a pretty good chance for this.  Perhaps you should send the
Guardian a query including a reference to Keegan's piece and your own
credentials at P2P Foundation.
I think the internal structuring of actual plant and equipment could
take place fairly rapidly, considering the amount of production that's
carried out under Nike's networked "outsource everything" model.  If
TNC headquarters in Delaware and New Jersey, or in Tokyo, are treated
as defunct nodes to be routed around, and their trademarks are simply
ignored, the Nike shoe factories could switch to production for the
Chinese market pretty rapidly.  Simply cutting out the rents on
trademarks and other artificial property rights would make it possible
simultaneously to raise wages and lower prices, and make the shoes a
viable product for the domestic market.

@_date: 2009-03-16 11:20:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
Dear Mr. Keegan:
As a member of several mailing lists frequented by Vinay Gupta and
other open-source manufacturing enthusiasts, I thoroughly appreciated
your sympathetic treatment in the recent Guardian article.
You might be interested, if you're not already familiar with it, in
Michel Bauwens' Foundation for P2P Alternatives, which does a lot of
work on open-source manufacturing models.  Wiki:
Blog: You might also be interested in Open Source Ecology's "Factor E Farm"
demo project in the Kansas City area, which is developing an "Open
Village Construction Set" (including CEB Press, tractor, solar
steam-powered generator, sawmill, multimachine, etc.)  Most of the
machinery (including the multimachine itself) can be produced with the
multimachine, and powered either by the generator or by using the
tractor as prime mover.  So the entire package, once prototyped and
demonstrated, is virally replicable.
OSE Wiki: Factor E Farm blog: There's one statement in your article I'd qualify:
"Open source hardware doesn't have the same power as software if only
because the final product, as opposed to the designs, can't be
replicated for no extra cost as software can."
OS hardware may not ever quite reach the "free beer," as opposed to
"free speech," version of free.  But most of the cost of manufactured
goods, arguably, is artificial.  It results from embedded rents on
artificial property like trademarks (what Tom Peters gushingly calls
"ephemera" and "intellect," as opposed to actual cost of labor and
materials), and from legally mandated requirements for minimum
capitalization (e.g., "safety" regulations whose main effect is to
mandate minimum overhead costs and erect barriers to small-scale
production in the informal and household economy using spare capacity
on capital goods we already own, so that the only way to operate
profitably with the mandated overhead is to engage in large batch
production).  Eliminate all this, so that the capital equipment for
manufacturing is individually affordable and larger amounts of capital
can be microfinanced and crowdsourced, and we're a long way toward
making the boundary between "free speech" and "free beer" a lot more
Right now most of our economy is still built around Sloanist mass
production, with artificially inflated capitalization and inventory,
and all the push distribution and planned obsolescence required to
keep the wheels turning and avoid idle capacity.
Do away with the subsidies to centralization, the protections against
competition, and the barriers to small-scale production, and most of
it would be replaced with small scale production.  A good part of this
would be an informal and household economy of microbreweries,
microbakeries, microindustry using multimachines, etc.  The rest would
be distributed manufacturing on the Emilia-Romagna model (small-batch
production with general-purpose machinery, on a demand-pull basis,
with modular product design for ease of repair and recycling).  About
the only things left for centralized manufacturing would be stuff like
microprocessors and the few heavy internal combustion engines that
would still be needed in a decentralized economy, stuff that it's
simply physically impossible to produce on a distributed basis.
This was the subject of a quarterly paper I did at Center for a
Stateless Society:

@_date: 2009-03-16 11:54:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] discussing money on ning 
One reason is probably that local alternative barter systems tend to
be unique (in the sense that there's a dominant one in a particular
community, rather than a bunch of different ones constantly being
started and discontinued--not to mention not being mutually
incompatible), and to be stably identified with a particular
geographical area and set of businesses.  When it comes to Internet
currencies, OTOH, there are too many different efforts to reinvent the
wheel.  Not only are many of the people engaged in such efforts not
aware of each other, and not making their systems interoperable, but
there is no reason for public confidence in deciding to use one or the
other in the assumption that it will become the standard and be around
for a long time to come.  Only when this is all sorted out and there
is a single dominant network (or at least a common standard to which
all networks will conform in order to be compatible with other
networks), will it catch on.
It seems to me the first order of business should be networking
between those engaged in creating internet-based currencies to work
out an agreement on the architecture, etc., so that they can coalesce
their efforts around some common system.

@_date: 2009-03-16 13:47:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] LETS Software 
I've commented before on the proliferation of web-based barter and
currency systems, and their failure to coalesce around a common
architecture or set of standards.
Here's a web-based system designed by Saren Calvert.
   The features are described here:
This strikes me as a beautifully designed system.  It's transparent
with information (including advertisements of goods and services,
member trading histories and ratings, etc.) publicly accessible.
It's been adopted by VicLETS, the Victoria BC LETS system.

@_date: 2009-03-16 21:34:47
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] discussing money on ning 
My suggestion, as an outsider who knows almost nothing about the
construction of such systems or even what the major ones are, is
simply to find out who the big names are and try to get them talking
to each other.  Even if only a couple of them agree on common
standards, it will create a critical mass around which the rest of
them are more likely to coalesce.

@_date: 2009-03-17 08:40:44
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
Michel attempted to forward the following.  Apparently the list is
still bouncing forwards, although the rest of Michel's stuff seems to
be coming through.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
That is going to be very useful in future
(Thinks - how could I be so dim as not to have picked up on all this before
I started writing what I did) But at least it offers plenty of material for
the future
Best wishes
Guardian News & Media has moved. Our new address is:
Kings Place
90 York Way
London N1 9GU
Tel:  020-3353 2000
Guardian Professional and Ad Services are based at 3-7 Herbal Hill,
London EC1R 5EJ.

@_date: 2009-03-17 08:42:50
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] discussing money on ning 
This is another forwarded message from Michel that the list bounced
---------- Forwarded message ----------
one effort that may fit into this is what Mark Herpel is doing. He is
a supporter of gold backed digital currencies but open to other stuff
including community currencies.
In reply to a recent post of mine on the openmoney ning group, he said
he had established a new magazine for reporting on community
Here is my ning post:
Mark gives a link to his new Community Currency magazine (and email
where he can be reached) in comments to that one.
Kind regards

@_date: 2009-03-18 08:20:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Themepunks/Makers 
Anyone here read the serialized initial chapters of Cory Doctorow's
Themepunks, at Salon?  I queried Doctorow re the expected publication
date of the print novel, and he said he's sending it to the publisher
this week and expects it to be for sale (under the title Makers) in
The serialized portion, the first third of the book, was excellent.
It was an account of an explosion of desktop manufacturing, set
against the background of an imploding corporate economy.  He gave
hints in the online chapters that things would go badly for the
homebrew production movement, which I'm sure will be a letdown, but I
still look forward to how it turns out.

@_date: 2009-03-19 13:19:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] discussing money on ning 
Thanks for the comments, from a far more informed perspective than
mine.  Your points, that there is more mutual discussion going on out
there than meets the eye, and that we shouldn't rush things in a way
that results in a less than optimal system, are well taken.  My fear
is that while a less than optimal system may be good enough, too much
delay will mean an impending perfect storm of Peak Oil, financial
collapse and climate catastrophe will overwhelm society to the point
that there's nothing in place that can survive the tsunami.

@_date: 2009-03-23 19:09:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Networked Resistance. 
Thanks a lot, Larry.  I'm forwarding this to the P2P Research list,
because it's right up their alley.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
 Now I have found another example. This time from someone I thought a
complete social democrat.
Cheers, Larry

@_date: 2009-03-28 06:43:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OS Powerpoint 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: 280slides.com via
swissmiss by swissmiss on 3/27/09
280slides.com let?s you create beautiful presentations, access them
from anywhere, and share them with the world. With 280 Slides, there?s
no software to download and nothing to pay for ? and when you?re done
building your presentation you can share it any way you like.
(thank you tom)
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to swissmiss using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-03-29 22:44:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] logging in 
You dont need to log in to post to the list.  Just address it to
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2009-05-02 07:48:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: 21st Century Socialism:
Eleven Talking Points via SolidarityEconomy.net by Editors on 4/30/09
Eleven Talking Points On 21st Century Socialism
By Carl Davidson
May 1, 2009
The current discussion around socialism in left and progressive circles
in the U.S. needs to be placed in a more substantive arena. This is an
effort to do so. I take note in advance of the criticism that the
following eleven working hypotheses are rather dry and formal. But in
light of the faux ?socialisms? bandied about in the headlines and sound
bytes of the mass media in the wake of the financial crisis, especially
the absurd claim in the media of rightwing populism that the Obama
administration is Marxist and socialist, I felt something a little more
rigorous might be helpful. Obviously, criticism and commentary is
1. Socialism?s fundamental building blocks are already present in US
society. The means of production, for the most part, are fully
developed and in fact are stagnating under the political domination of
finance capital. The US labor force, again for the most part, is highly
skilled at all levels of production, management, marketing, and
finance. The kernels of socialist organization are also scattered
across the landscape in cooperatives, socially organized human
services, and centralized and widespread mass means of many-to-many
communication and supply/demand data management. Many earlier attempts
at socialism did not have these advantages.
2. Socialism is first of all a democratic political system where the
interests and organizations of the working class and its allies have
attained and hold the preponderance of political power and thus play
the critical leading role in society. It is still a class society, but
one in a protracted transition, over hundreds of years, to a future
classless society where exploiting class privileges are abolished and
classes and class distinctions generally wither away, both nationally
and globally. So socialism will have classes for some time, including
some capitalists, because it will be a mixed economy, with both public
and private ownership, even as the balance shifts over time. Family
farmers and small proprietors will both exist and flourish alongside
cooperatives. Innovative 'high road' entrepreneurial privately-held
firms will compete with publically-own firms, and encouraged to create
new wealth within an environmentally regulated and progressively taxed
system. Past efforts to build socialism have suffered from aggravated
conflict between and among popular classes and lack of emphasis on
building wide unity among the people.
3. Socialism at the base is a transitional economic system anchored in
the social mode of production brought into being by capitalist
development over several centuries. Its economic system is necessarily
mixed, and makes use of markets, especially in goods and services,
which are regulated, especially regarding the environment. But capital
markets and wage-labor markets can be sharply restricted and even
abolished in due time. Markets are a function of scarcity, and all
economies of any scale in a time of scarcity have them, even if they
are disguised as 'black' or 'tiered' markets. In addition to regulated
markets, socialism will also feature planning, especially on the macro
level of infrastructure development, in investment of public assets and
funds, and other arenas where markets have failed. Planning will
especially be required to face the challenges of uneven development and
harsh inequalities on a global scale, as well as the challenge of
moving from a carbon and uranium based energy system to one based on
renewable green energy sources. The socialisms of the last century fell
or stagnated due to failure to develop the proper interplay between
plans and markets.
4. Socialism will be anchored in public and worker ownership of the
main productive forces and natural resources. This can be achieved by
various means: a) buying out major failing corporations at penny stock
status, then leasing them back to the unions and having the workers in
each firm?one worker, one vote?run them, b) workers directly taking
ownership and control over failed and abandoned factories, c) eminent
domain seizures of resources and factories, with compensation,
otherwise required for the public good, and d) public funding for
startups of worker-owned cooperative businesses. Socialism will also
require public ownership of most finance capital institutions,
including bringing the Federal Reserve under the Treasury Department
and federal ownership. Lease payments from publically owned firms will
go into a public investment fund, which will in turn lend money to
community and worker owned banks and credit unions. A stock market will
still exist for remaining publically traded firms and investments
abroad, but will be strictly controlled. A stock transfer tax will be
implemented. Gambling in derivatives will be outlawed. Fair trade
agreements with other countries will be on a bilateral basis for mutual
5. Socialism will require democracy in the workplace of public firms
and encourage it in all places of work. Workers have the right to
independent unions to protect their social and daily interests, in
addition to their rights as worker-owners in the governance of their
firms. In addition to direct democracy at the plant level, the
organizations of the working class also participate in the wider public
planning process and thus democratically shape the direction of ongoing
development on the macro level as well. Under socialism the government
will also serve as the employer-of-last-resort. Minimum living-wage
jobs will be provided for all who want to work. Socialism is committed
to genuine full employment. Every citizen will have a genuine right to
6. Socialism will largely be gained by the working class and it allies
winning the battle for democracy in politics and civil society at
large, especially taking down the structures and backward laws of
class, gender and racial privilege. Women have equal rights with men,
and minority nationalities have equal rights with the majority. It also
defends equal rights and self-determination among all nations across
the globe; no nation can itself be fully free when it oppresses
another. Socialism will encourage public citizenship and mass
participation at every level, with open information systems, public
education and transparency in its procedures. It will need a true
multiparty system, with fusion voting, proportional representation and
instant runoff. Given the size and diversity of our country, it is
highly unlikely that any single party could adequately represent all
popular interests; working class and progressive organizations will
need to form common fronts. All trends are guaranteed the right to
speak, organize, petition and stand for election. With public financing
as an option, socialism can restrict the role of wealth in elections,
moving away from a system, in effect, of ?one dollar, one vote? and
toward a system more reflective of ?one person, one vote.? These are
the structural measures that can allow the majority of the people,
especially the working class and its allies, to secure the political
leadership of government and instruments of the state by democratic
means, unless these are sabotaged by reaction. Some socialisms of the
past used only limited formal democracy or simply used administrative
means to implement goals, with the failure of both the goals and the
overall projects. Americans are not likely to be interested in systems
with elections where only one party runs and no one can lose.
7. Socialism will be a state power, specifically a democratic political
order with a representative government. But the government and state
components of the current order, corrupted with the thousand threads
connecting it to old ruling class, will have to be broken up and
replaced with new ones that are transparent, honest and serve the
majority of the people. The US Constitution and Bill of Rights can
still be the initial basic organizing principle for a socialist
government and state. The democratic rights it has gained over the
years will be protected and enhanced. Government will also be needed to
organize and finance the social development benefitting the people and
the environment already mentioned; but the state power behind the law
will be required to compel the honest use of resources and to protect
people from criminal elements, individual and organized. Forces who try
to overturn and reverse the new socialist government illegally and in
violation of the Constitution will not be able to do so; they will be
broken up and brought to justice. Our society will need a state power
for some time to come, even as its form changes. Still, government
power has limits; under socialism sovereignty resides in the people
themselves, and the powers of any government are necessarily restricted
and subordinate to the universal and natural rights of all humankind.
Attempts to ignore or reject these principles have severely harmed
socialist governments and movements in the past.
8. Socialism will be a society in harmony with the natural environment,
understanding that all economies are subsets of the eco-system and
ignore it at their peril. In its economics, there are no such things as
?externalities? to be pushed off downstream or to future generations.
The nature of pending planetary disasters necessitates a high level of
planning. We need to redesign communities, promote healthier foods, and
rebuild sustainable agriculture?all on a global scale with high design,
but on a human scale with mass participation of communities in diverse
localities. Socialism will treasure and preserve the diversity of
nature?s bounty and end the practice of genetic modification to control
the human food supply. We need growth, but intelligent growth in
quality and wider knowledge with a lighter environmental footprint. A
socialism that simply reproduces the wasteful expansion of an earlier
capitalism creates more problems than it solves.
9. Socialism values equality, and will be a society of far greater
equality of opportunity, and far less economic inequality. In addition
to equal rights before the law, all citizens and residents will have
equitable access to a ?universal toolbox? of paid-up free public
education for all who want to learn, for as far as they want and are
able to go; universal public pre-school care; a minimum income, as a
social wage, for all who create value, whether in a workplace or
otherwise; our notions of socially useful work, activity that creates
value, has to be expanded beyond market definitions. Parents raising
children, students learning skills, elders educating and passing
traditions to younger generations--all these create value that society
can in turn reward. Universal single-payer health care with retirement
benefits at the level of a living wage is critical to start. Since
everyone has access to employment, the existing welfare system can be
abolished; individuals will be free to choose the career path and level
of income targets they desire, or not. There are no handouts for those
able to work, but there are also no irrational barriers to achievement.
10. Socialism is a society where religion can be freely practiced, or
not, and no religion is given any special advantages over any other.
Religious freedom remains a fundamental tenant of socialism, but
naturally neither its practitioners nor anyone else can deny anyone the
benefits and protection of civil and criminal law, especially to women
and children.
11. Socialism will require an institution of armed forces. Their
mission will be to defend the people and secure their interests against
any enemies and help in times of natural disasters. It will not be
their task to expand markets abroad and defend the property abroad of
the exploiting classes. Soldiers will be allowed to organize and
petition for the redress of grievances. Armed forces also include local
police, under community control, as well as a greatly reduced prison
system, based on the principle of restorative justice, and mainly for
the protection of society from individuals inflicted with violent
pathologies and criminal practices. Non-violent conflict resolution and
community-based rehabilitation will be encouraged, but the need for
some coercive means will remain for some time.
[Carl Davidson is webmaster for SolidarityEconomy.net, a national
committee member of the Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and
Socialism, and a coordinating committee member of the US Solidarity
Economy Network. Together with Jerry Harris, he is author
of 'Cyber-Radicalism: A New Left for a Global Age, available at
 If you like this article, go
to 'Keep On Keepin' On at  and make use
of the PayPal button. Email him at carld717 at gmail.com ]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to SolidarityEconomy.net using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-05-04 14:54:18
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
What I thought interesting about the article was its identification of
such things as cooperatives, increased worker skill, and many-to-many
networks as building blocks of socialism.
This is refreshing IMO, because it seems to reflect a partial return
to the understanding of the term "socialism" as it existed before it
became equated to state ownership/control or to collectivism.
For the first few decades of the classical socialist movement, it was
a broad fabric of sub-movements that ranged from statism and
collectivism, to people like Benjamin Tucker who understood it as the
kind of society that would be produced by the free market if it
weren't for government-enforced artificial scarcity restricting the
issue of interest-free mutual credit and free homesteading of vacant
It's nice to see at least a partial return to what the editors of
Radical Technology called "the recessive, decentralist strain of the
Left that reemerges when the dominant strain of Lenin and Harold
Wilson is engaged elsewhere."

@_date: 2009-05-04 15:00:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
I think the recovered understanding of "socialism" as it existed in
the early 19th century, subsequently buried by a late 19th century
shift in meaning that became dominant in the 20th, is quite relevant
to the p2p movement.
It seems to me that both the state capitalists and the state
socialists have an interest in suppressing this recovered meaning,
because it's in their shared interest to pretend that our only
alternatives are a world run by Gosplan and a world owned by
Halliburton.  It amounts to a cartel in which they can divide up their
market shares between people who see
Gosplan or Halliburton, respectively, as more threatening than the alternative.

@_date: 2009-05-08 11:09:47
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] my reaction to your own article 
This seems to include both Michael's comments and your own, but from
the format it's hard to tell which is which.

@_date: 2009-05-11 23:57:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
I can't say I blame you.  It's a shame that someone who has
contributed so much work of value can't disagree in a civil manner,
without such doctrinaire assertions (not to mention the sort of
childish taunts you'd expect in a schoolyard).

@_date: 2009-05-12 16:17:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
That's a shame.
I believe the "black bag theory of capitalism" was something that
Christian Siefkes also assumed.  But in his exchanges with me and
other proponents of non-capitalist markets, he at least made an
attempt at a rational defense of the theory (even if I found it
unconvincing), and did so in a civil manner.  I also recall an ongoing
debate between you and Dmytri Kleiner on the signficance of peer
production within the larger economy, which has on the whole been
civil despite rather intense disagreement.  Resorting to taunts about
"money trickery" is unnecessary and just plain childish.

@_date: 2009-05-12 16:20:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery 
On Tue, May 12, 2009 at 6:57 AM, Wittel, Andreas
 I would also question if it is actually possible to have an
If it's a reaction that causes you to mischaracterize the arguments of
others, to draw invalid conclusions as to their implications, and to
reject on a reflexive basis arguments that have some validity as
descriptions of objective reality, then IMO it is most definitely an
over-reaction.  Inaccurate perceptions of reality do not become a
virtue just because they are formed in response to genuine evils.
Doing an injustice to others out of reaction to another, greater
injustice, is still injustice.

@_date: 2009-05-12 16:21:56
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery 
On Tue, May 12, 2009 at 6:57 AM, Wittel, Andreas
I meant to add, if the Nazis said 2+2=3, it is still an overreaction
to say that 2+2=5.

@_date: 2009-05-13 04:55:21
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] littleBits 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: littleBits via
kottke.org by jason at kottke.org on 5/12/09
littleBits are tiny circuitboards that you can stick together with
magnets to make little electronic machines.
Just as Legos allow you to create complex structures with very little
engineering knowledge, littleBits are simple, intuitive,
space-sensitive blocks that make prototyping with sophisticated
electronics a matter of snapping small magnets together. With a growing
number of available modules, littleBits aims to move electronics from
late stages of the design process to its earliest ones, and from the
hands of experts, to those of artists, makers and designers.
A bit like Siftables.
Tags: littlebits siftables
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to kottke.org using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-05-14 00:36:15
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intellectual Property: A Libertarian Critique 
"'Intellectual Property':  A Libertarian Critique," my latest research
paper for Center for a Stateless Society (C4SS),  is now online:

@_date: 2009-05-16 10:37:11
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Concerning wilber and beck 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Here it is Kevin.  Please pass it on.
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 6:26 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2009-05-18 11:14:31
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
I think this vehement reaction to a semantic dispute over whether one
"keeps" money in a bank is just plain silly.  Obviously, someone who
deposits money in a bank isn't "keeping" it in the same sense as
someone who physically hoards cash in their personal possession (under
a mattress or whatever).  But I don't think Michel was suggesting
anything of the sort in the first place.  And the expression "keep
money in a bank" is just normal, idiomatic English usage.
 it is well-known that
I think you're missing the fact that the causality works two ways.
The scarcity of credit, the difficulty of obtaining it and the
artificially high price of credit, also influences the rate of profit.
Interest is not just determined by the rate of profit, but by
state-enforced entry barriers against competition in the supply of
credit, and restrictions on self-organized credit by producers
advancing their own products to one another against future production.
 As both Thomas Hodgskin (a Ricardian socialist) and Alfred Marshall
(the founder of mainstream neoclassical economics) pointed out, the
"wage fund" doctrine was nonsense because the capitalist was not
advancing the savings from past labor, but rather giving workers a
claim on current production by other workers during the production
process.  And both Hodgskin and Marshall both pointed out, also, that
that function could be carried out directly by workers themselves in a
cooperative manner, if the capitalist had not interposed himself
between producers and preempted the function of advancing current
production against future production.
That was one of the fundamental disagreements between Marx and
Proudhon (whom I suppose you'd include among the "money tricksters").
Proudhon believed that eliminating the barriers to free,
self-organized credit among the producing classes would make it easier
for ordinary working people to aggregate their own capital, and thus
drive down the rate of profit.  As a whole host of people have pointed
out, wage employment competes with self-employment:  the capitalist
can only extract surplus value unless he can use the state to
foreclose direct access to the means of self-employment on more
favorable terms.  Marx wanted to treat credit as neutral in this
system, but it's not.

@_date: 2009-05-19 20:48:15
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
Good comment on the LTV.
On the issue of list volume, I think you'd find the list absorbed far
less of your time and effort if you switched from digests to the
standard individual email format.  With separate emails, you can
simply look at the subject lines in your mailbox and delete all the
ones you're not interested in (and if you have gmail, you can mute the
entire "conversation," so further emails on that topic are blocked).
OTOH with digests, you have no subject differentiation, and no way of
telling what the individual messages are without going through the
entire digest.  And when a list's volume is this high and the size of
the individual digest is capped, you wind up with multiple messages
anyway; the digest format just makes it a lot harder to deal with
It also creates a positive externality for the rest of us, who don't
like having to open up the digest to figure out what particular
subject a person is replying on.
In short, digest format is totally counterproductive.

@_date: 2009-05-22 23:22:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
> So because I don't accept the arbitrary message length rule (yet
 > accept the logical one based on Google limit) then you subjectively
 > call that abuse and moderate me out of the list.
 > This wrongness will be exposed. That even in a forum advocating
 > openness and equality that someone would assume authority and moderate
 > out an individual who disagreed with some arbitrary rule regarding
 > message length.
 > I'm sure Michel does NOT stand for this. If he does that would be news
 > to me.
 > I can see thru you.
Not long ago, you dismissed requests to observe netiquette
(specifically to trim posts) as tantamount to expecting you to bow to
"the herd," and used a lot of pseudo-Nietzschean rhetoric about
unique, creative individuals being stifled by arbitrary rules.  And
you pointed out that any members of "the herd" who didn't like your
lack of consideration could simply filter out your emails.
But when the system started automatically bouncing your untrimmed
posts, you complained about it and demanded we adjust the list
settings--in other words, the unique, superior, creative individual
demanded that the herd bow to his convenience.
Sorry, Charlie.  As you said of our taking the trouble to filter you,
if you don't like having your messages bounced you can start trimming
them.  Why should "the herd" bow to your will?

@_date: 2009-05-23 01:17:20
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
Before, you objected to what you considered the arbitrary and top-down
judgment of Ryan, Michel and me, and questioned our right to speak for
anyone else.  Now you're basically saying that even if a majority of
the group are of like mind, there is no conceivable way that you will
accommodate anyone else by reining in behavior that is obnoxious,
antagonistic and inconsiderate.  Apparently YOUR idea of "due process"
is you get what you want, and the rest of us do a work around.
You may see this as a struggle between a free, creative spirit and the
herd, but all I see is a sociopath who feels entitled (as Ryan put it)
to defecate on the group and refuse to budge an inch, because he's a
Boy Genius.
Great--works for me, too.  Maybe some of the people you drove off the
list will come back now.

@_date: 2009-05-23 10:32:04
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] communitiy organizing vs. coops 
It's possible to fuse the two approaches:  to promote the development
of community economies and "economic self-rule" while organizing
against unjust behavior by the large corporations and absentee
landlords who still have a presence.  A good example is Karl Hess,
author of Community Technology.

@_date: 2009-05-24 11:53:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] communitiy organizing vs. coops 
He came from an Old Right background, and was a speechwriter for Barry
Goldwater in the early '60s.
In the late '60s, he helped found the Radical Libertarian/Anarchist
Caucus of the Young Americans for Freedom, and led the walkout from
the St. Louis YAF convention in 1969 (and the subsequent meetup with
similarly libertarian/anarchist dissidents from the SDS).  He was
closely associated at this time with Murray Rothbard's project of a
New Left/Old Right alliance against the corporate state, and was a
frequent contributor to Libertarian Forum.  After Rothbard abandoned
his attempt at an entente with the New Left, Hess continued to
gravitate leftward, and joined the Wobblies for a while (although he
remained very market-friendly.
It was in the early '70s that he organized the Community Technology
group, a project of the Adams-Morgan Organization (a community
activist organization in the Washington, DC neighborhood of that
name).  They experimented with passive solar heating systems made from
tin cans, basement trout farms, and the like.  In this time period, he
also cowrote Neighborhood Power with David Morris (it included a lot
of material on community industry and community economies).  At his
most left-wing, he wrote Dear America, a rambling denunciation of both
government and corporate power.
right and became a more conventional free market libertarian.  But he
remained fond of economic decentralism and community institutions to
the end.

@_date: 2009-05-24 22:31:18
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Berardi essay 
Keynesianism by itself wouldn't have been enough to pull capitalism
out of its last large-scale crisis, IMO, if WWII (and especially
American strategic bombing) hadn't solved the chronic tendency toward
overaccumulation/underconsumption by blowing up most of the plant and
equipment outside the U.S.  Or rather, postponed it for a generation.
Richard K. Moore, a left-wing conspiracy theorist, periodically
speculates that the corporate capitalists are planning some similar
Hail Mary pass through nuclear war with China, coupled with a mass
Whether this is really "it"--i.e., the terminal crisis of
capitalism--depends mainly on what you mean by capitalism.  I believe
that corporate capitalism is doomed, but the system that emerges on
the other side of Peak Oil and the economic meltdown may be more
genuinely free market than the system we have now.  The state's fiscal
crisis, coupled with Peak Oil and corporate capital's exponentially
increasing demand for subsidized inputs, amount to the system hitting
a wall.  Ditto for Michel's past comments on the crisis of realization
in the cognitive realm.  All these crises together, working through
the market system, will exert pressure for radical decentralization
and an end to the old mass production model.

@_date: 2009-05-25 01:21:44
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] GM food -> buggy reasoning. 
I think many of the same criticisms Frances Moore Lappe made of "Green
Revolution" seeds a generation or two ago hold up against GMOs today
as well.  They are designed primarily for the needs of monoculture
agribusiness--namely, to work best in large-scale cash crop
agriculture with access to large amounts of subsidized irrigation
water and other inputs.
In places like Africa, GM crops are a solution to an artificially
created problem.  A comparable (at least) increase in productivity
could be achieved by putting peasant small holders on the land they
and their parents and grandparents have been evicted from over the
past few generations, and teaching them soil-intensive techniques
(like green manuring with leguminous cover crops), rainwater
conservation, etc.  And absent special state subsidies to irrigation
water, and absent the wealth for affording high overhead inputs like
chemical fertilizers, what Lappe called "locally improved varieties"
(hardy varieties adapted to harsh local landscapes) would be far
better as a cost-effective way to boost production for people without
any money to put up front.
There is no such thing as generic "efficiency" without regard to the
interests of the person adopting a technique.  And the techniques
currently being developed in the state-agribusiness complex are those
suited to the needs of those who evicted peasants from land that was
rightfully theirs and put the stolen land to use for cash crop

@_date: 2009-05-25 01:41:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism's Crisis, 
Walden Bello made a similar analysis.  The reindustrialization of
Europe and Japan ca. 1970 ended the grace period for American
capitalism, and the crisis of overaccumulation resumed in good
earnest.  Since then, capital has attempted several successive
expedients to soak up surplus capital:  there was neoliberalism and
the export of capital, then the tech boom, then the real estate boom
and the second wave of suburbanization, along with consumer debt to
remedy the demand shortfall.  The hypertrophied FIRE economy and
securitized debt was the biggest surplus capital sponge of all, and
had the virtue of only pyramiding multiple claims on existing
productive capacity without actually increasing production.
Walden Bello, "A Primer on Wall Street Meltdown," MR Zine, October 3,
2008 .
More generally, the tendency of monopoly capitalism to generate a
surplus has been the central thesis of the Monthly Review group since
the magazine's founders, Paul Baran and Paul Sweezy, wrote Monopoly

@_date: 2009-05-25 10:51:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Berardi essay 
Sure--and that's the first stage in the decay of the old mass
production model.  Lewis Mumford called it a "cultural pseudomorph,"
with potentially decentralizing technologies like electrical power
being integrated into the "paleotechnic" framework of Dark Satanic
Mills, instead of living up to their potential as the basis of a
fundamentally different "neotechnic" era.  The first stage of decay
was the introduction of networked, lean methods of physical production
as in the Toyota Production System and the Emilia-Romagna region.
But the cultural pseudomorph, or paleotechnic framework, persisted in
the form of corporate headquarters that retained control of finance,
IP, and supply and distribution chains.
And the supply and distribution chains are the one thing that lean
hasn't touched yet.  So to the extent that lean, networked production
is still dependent on global "warehouses on wheels" (or "in container
ships") distribution chains, the system is to that still a Sloanist
batch-and-queue system, with the warehouse full of inventory just
outsourced to the highway or ocean.
The final step in the evolution from mass production to lean will be
when production itself is scaled to local markets, and these
warehouses on wheels are eliminated.  The transformation of the
distribution system is the last piece in the puzzle, and I think it
will be forced by Peak Oil.
And as numerous people on and off this list have pointed out, the
whole Nike model of outsourced, networked production makes the
corporate headquarters a node to be bypassed.  One form the bypass
will likely take is when the networked production chains you mention
decide to cut out Nike and ignore their IP rights, and sell the
sneakers (or whatever) directly to the local market without the
brand-name markup.  I think with its localized supply and production
chains, Emilia-Romagna could navigate the Peak Oil transition and
shift to production almost entirely for the local market, with
comparatively little disruption.
I think Bello and the neo-Marxists it right on this:  the speculative
bubbles result from the underlying overinvestment/underconsumption
tendency, and are a way of soaking up surplus capital.
Exactly.  But you seem to be arguing here, as I did before, that the
current economic crises are the culmination, at least indirectly, of
overproduction and Peak Oil.  I think the crisis was "postponed" by
WWII; Keynesianism only worked because America had some 75% of the
world's surviving industrial capacity in 1945, and it began to decay
around 1970 when Europe and the Pacific Rim had finished
Yes.  The persistence of these institutional frameworks in the
economic sphere, dependent mainly on IP, is the second stage of
Mumford's decaying pseudomorph.
Your treatment of the political sphere as analogous is brilliant.  IMO
the institutional structure in the political sphere is headed for the
same systemic crisis as that in the economic sphere:  fiscal crisis,
"hollowed-out states," etc.  As the state's fiscal resources become
exhausted, we're headed for a time where the federal and state regimes
still formally exist, and Obama/Swarzennegger still provides a
reassuring presence on TV from Washington/Sacramento.  But the actual
functions and fiscal burdens of government, increasingly, will be
outsourced to localities on a DIY basis.  There'll be no need for a
secessionist movement, because the political center will "secede" de
facto from the localities.  Legislation will degenerate into an
increasingly unenforceable series of unfunded mandates, and localities
will continue to pay nominal obeisance to the central regimes while
pretty much ignoring the mandates.  The role of German tribal
structure in local governance, in the face of an increasingly hollowed
out Roman imperial state, is a good analogy.
And the localities themselves will be fiscally exhausted; we're seeing
this, for example, in dire warnings by local DAs in some areas that
they will no longer treat drug enforcement as a priority.  I expect
we'll also see local law enforcement begin to realize that while the
houses and the occupants will both probably still be around in five
years, the banks and rental companies may well not be, and that
enforcing foreclosures and evictions is a very low priority.
The upshot of this for the p2p economy is that localities will find
the zoning and licensing laws (whose main real effect is to
criminalize low-overhead, small-batch microenterprises in the informal
sector) just cost too much to enforce.
This was described in a very attractive fictional setting by James L. Wilson:
"Well, you see all these people working on their gardens? They used to
not be here. People had grass lawns, and would compete with each other
for having the greenest, nicest grass. But your gramma came home from
the supermarket one day, sat down, and said, 'That's it. We're going
to grow our own food.' And the next spring, she planted a vegetable
garden where the grass used to be.
"And boy, were some of the neighbors mad. The Homeowners Association
sued her. They said the garden was unsightly. They said that property
values would fall. But then, the next year, more people started
planting their own gardens.
"And not just their lawns. People started making improvements on their
homes, to make them more energy-efficient. They didn't do it to help
the environment, but to save money. People in the neighborhood started
sharing ideas and working together, when before they barely ever spoke
to each other....
"And people also started buying from farmer's markets, buying milk,
meat, eggs and produce straight from nearby farmers. This was fresher
and healthier than processed food. They realized they were better off
if the profits stayed within the community than if they went to big
corporations far away.
"This is when your gramma, my Mom, quit her job and opened started a
bakery from home. It was actually in violation of the zoning laws, but
the people sided with gramma against the government. When the
government realized it was powerless to crack down on this new way of
life, and the people realized they didn't have to fear the government,
they became free. And so more and more people started working from
True.  But I think the hybrid forms are just an attempt to postpone
the inevitable, and will ultimately be unsustainable.
I think we're on the same page here.  States will retreat into
themselves, abandon functions and "regroup," and try to save face by
ordering the sitting dog to do what he was doing anyway.
Interesting.  But IMO the ability of rhizome states and economic
ventures like Pirate Bay to profit, to capture value, will be severely
limited:  it will be impossible to suppress market entry by competing
service providers when states no longer have direct regulative force.
So whatever political and economic forms persist over large
geographical areas will take on an increasingly networked character;
but even more important, an increasingly genuine cooperative/p2p
character, and the possibility of free market entry by competing
networks transforms them into utilities controlled by the end-user.
Thanks for some extremely thought-provoking comments.  Do you mind if
I quote you in some material I'm working on?

@_date: 2009-05-29 23:28:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fiction about metaverse money 
Thanks, Michel.  I've just skimmed over it, and it looks great.  I'll
dig deeper and comment on it when I finish my current stretch as a
wage slave.

@_date: 2009-11-05 12:59:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artificial Scarcity Is Subject To Massive 
I agree with Reasons' response.  Here's what I wrote in the comments:
I think the quibble over whether abundance will shrink markets
involves a confusion of exchange value with utility.
Current metrics of economic output and market size are based on the
value of inputs consumed.  Anything that increases the total value of
inputs consumed increases the size of GDP.  On the other hand,
increased efficiency destroys value.
Theories to the contrary, like Romer's New Growth Theory, assume that
productivity increases can be capitalized as a source of rents, rather
than being passed on to the consumer through reduced price.
To assume that reduced cost from imploding IP rents will be offset  on
a one-to-one basis for increased monetizable demand elsewhere,
requires the assumption that demand is infinitely elastic.  I think
it's more likely that, when it takes fewer hours of labor to earn the
money to purchase present consumption goods, part of the present sum
total of monetized value and wage labor will simply vanish.  As people
are able to meet present needs outside the cash nexus, with less
labor, they won't discover enough new needs to keep working the same
number of hours to buy additional kinds of stuff; they'll just work

@_date: 2009-11-08 15:55:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
To me the issue of whether the rich pay in most tax revenue is beside
the point.  In most of its functions, the state works as executive
committee of big business, even though those functions may have little
to do with direct subsidies or money grants to corporations.  The
structural rules of the system are set up to redistribute money to the
rich and to big business through unequal exchange (privilege,
artificial scarcity, artificial property rights, etc.) in the market.
So for me the central point should be to eliminate this primary form
of redistribution by eliminating privilege and artificial property
rights; if this is done, most of what's regarded as redistributive
politics will be moot.
But there probably should be a place for redistribution in the big
picture IMO.  When large concentrations of property stem from unjust
acquisition, a land reform (or capital reform) based on the principles
of "the land to the tiller, the workplace to the worker" at least
deserves serious consideration.
In any case, I  don't see revolutionary seizure of property and things
of that sort as opposed in principle to P2P.  P2P is compatible with
just about everything, from Social Democracy, to Georgism and Social
Credit, to vanilla flavored free markets (minus patent and copyright,
of course).  And I don't think the percentage of taxes paid by the
rich, in itself, is an argument against redistributive politics.  If
the size of the incomes received by the rich is the result of some
sort of inequity built into the system, then redressing that inequity
may be a legitimate part of the transitional agenda.

@_date: 2009-11-08 16:08:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
I've seen a good many libertarians demolish this social contract
explanation for the authority of the state.  The argument is based on
an analogy:  when you continue to sit in my living room after I tell
you the rules of my house, you're implicitly consenting to obey those
rules.  But the argument implicitly assumes that the state is, in
fact, the moral equivalent of the owner of the house, and that it has
some moral authority to set conditions for remaining in its territory;
 i.e., it assumes that a given territory IS indeed "its" territory.
This is what market anarchists dispute.   It's quite possible for
common property to exist, as in the Russian mir, the medieval
open-field system, etc.  But there must be some material basis for the
right of a real, concrete group of people to claim ownership of such
commons--not just the claim of some entity to "represent" all the
people within some geographical area, and thereby to have some sort of
legislative police power over the entire population within that area.

@_date: 2009-11-08 22:12:13
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
But the social contract theory still assumes some entity with
jurisdiction over a geographical area with authority analogous to that
of a homeowner, to set conditions regarding what you must do to be
allowed to stay.  And there's a burden of proof to demonstrate the
origins of that authority.   Simply claiming it and then taking
continued residence as ipso facto consent isn't enough.  If I come
into your house and say "your decision to stay here amounts to
consenting to abide by my rules," the proper response is "who gave you
the right issue such ultimatums?"  That a contiguous geographical area
constitutes a body politic, with some entity having authority to set
rules for the entire area, is something to be proved, and your
argument takes it as a given.  I don't believe such an authority could
ever come about in the first place, without the free, explicit, and
unanimous consent of every single individual in society.
Again, though, it gets back to the question of whether the state even
has any business judging what is a "healthy" balance of political
power exercised in my house, and whether the state has the right to
issue commands and take my continued residence as "consent."
But the existence of some legal standard for distinguishing aggression
from self-defense is not the same as the existence of an entity with
the authority to initiate force on behalf of the "public good" or
"general  welfare."
And while libertarian socialists of the anarcho-communist,
-syndicalist, etc., varieties posit different sets of legal rules for
identifying the rightful owner of a given parcel of land or workplace,
the framework is only adopted from the necessity of having some common
legal standard for distinguishing legitimate self-defense from
aggression.  They don't vest any agency with a police power (i.e., the
power to initiate force on behalf of the community).

@_date: 2009-11-08 22:49:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
As I've argued before, there's a big difference between productivity
in the sense (on the one hand) of increased efficiency in extracting
greater amounts of utility from inputs like labor, and (on the other)
"growth."  The latter requires the ability to capitalize increased
efficiencies as a source of rents.  And absent the kinds of artificial
property rights that cause increased productivity to be capitalized by
rentiers rather than passed on to the consumer in terms of fewer work
hours per unit of consumption, the natural tendency of productivity
increases is to destroy exchange value and nominal GDP.
Yes, Doctorow has argued (as did Murray Bookchin 30 years ago) that a
huge part of technical innovation consists of what amounts to mashups
of off-the-shelf technology.
On the
And in any case, if such productivity means a reduction in material
inputs per unit of output, that should mean (ceteris paribus) a
reduction in nominal GDP and the opposite of economic "growth,"
because exchange-value (which results in the long run from the cost of
production) will implode.  The only way out of this is if the
increased productivity frees up demand for some other industry.  But
in general, I think the amount of new demand will always be less than
the freed up resources, because (as discussed in another thread)
demand is not infinitely elastic.

@_date: 2009-11-09 12:55:16
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
The state makes these decisions in the sense that some agency
representing the population of a contiguous area, as a body politic,
is sets what it regards as the proper balance of forces.  Even if it's
done as a majority vote in a direct democracy, it presupposes that
dissenting individuals are bound as members of that single body
politic to comply with the majority view in determining the extent to
which political power is authorized to extend into their own private
In an odd way, though, advocates for a state are similarly hung up on
"initiate force."  If anarchists view the initiation of force as the
source of all evil, then statists fixate on the initiation of force as
the sine qua non of promoting the public good.  If libertarians would
"allow" evils like poverty (in the sense of not using state force to
collect taxes for welfare), or job discrimination (in the sense of not
using state force to  prohibit it), then they must be in favor of it.
This ignores the extent to which human societies can function in a
solidaristic manner through voluntary cooperation and mutual aid,
without acting through a state.
Assuming that people would just watch someone starve, absent a state
to compel them to render aid--assuming that communities would not
function without a coercive state to work through--involves a rather
harsh view of human nature IMO.
I don't think social order requires an agency with the power to
initiate force on behalf of the community.  What is lawful for an
individual to do, in the way of self-defense, is lawful for any number
of freely cooperating individuals to do as a group.
I expect that in most places, if the state were mutualized, former
local governments would preserve some form of organizational
continuity in functioning as consumer cooperatives.
And their services would probably be a sort of natural monopoly, to
the extent that raising the capital for a competing security (or fire)
service would be more costly than staging a hostile takeover of the
existing mismanaged service.  This tendency would be strengthened by a
continuing feeling that security was a function of "the community."
So you might well see a dominant security service subscribed to by a
majority of people within a town, governed by a mayor and board of
selectmen chosen by town meeting.  It would coexist with assorted
security agencies and cooperatives serving niche markets,
self-organized neighborhood patrols, and just people willing to take
the risk and rely on the deterrent effect of an armed populace and
their own self-defense capabilities in preventing invasion of their
homes.  The only difference between the new majority security service
would be that it no longer claims a right to impose its services on
those who prefer to  take their business elsewhere, and it has no
right to collect fees from non-subscribers.

@_date: 2009-11-09 13:24:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] IMPORTANT, seven pathways to social power 
I agree.  But I think the most natural place for P2P is in a society
organized into some combination of peer-networks and decentralized
markets.  In David Ronfeldt's schema, what we have is a society based
on hierarchical institutions (states and state-allied corporations)
with markets only allowed to function within the interstices of a
structure based on such hierarchies.  Dissolve the corporate state and
its functions into civil society, and what you're left with is
individuals freely associating and cooperating via whatever expedients
seem best to them individually.  That means, IMO, that a thousand
flowers will bloom, with all sorts of ad hoc organizations, mutuals,
peer-networks, bazaars, etc. proliferating llike crazy.
Actually, the dominant strand of early classical socialism was simply
"associational activity of civil society"; state socialism, in which
the state was the primary vehicle for such associational activity,
only gradually eclipsed the other variants.
Non-state versions of associational activity were dominant in the
Proudhonian version of socialism, in Warren's American offshoot of
Owenism, and in the later American individualist anarchism that fused
Warrenism with the free banking theory of William Greene and the free
land theory of J.K. Ingalls.  Non-state versions of socialism also
persisted in the anarcho-collectivism of Bakunin and the
anarcho-communism of Kropotkin.  Marx and the Soc Dems lost a
considerable amount of hide in their battles with the Proudhonists and
Bakuninists in the IWMA.
I would argue that this is, in fact, the tendency of almost all
economic regulation of the kinds described in the previous paragraph.
Even Friedrich Engels, perhaps the most statist of the state
socialists, considered state ownership of industry and central
planning as only necessary criteria of socialism--not sufficient
criteria.   The defining characteristic of socialism was the political
and economic power of the working class.   The kinds of
nationalization of industry and central planning that took place under
Bismarck's "Junker socialism" and the "gaslight socialism" of the
Fabians might, potentially, grow into genuine socialism if the working
class managed to seize control of the state.  But so long as
capitalists retained control of the state, the mixed economy would
simply be an instrument by which the capitalists, acting through their
state, managed the capitalist economy in their own interests.   And
that's almost entirely what the "progressive" mixed economy, under the
American New Deal and European social democracy, has amounted to:  the
capitalists acting through their executive committee to clean up their

@_date: 2009-11-09 13:31:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
The problem is that all these forms of demutualization have taken
place within an overall state capitalist framework defined by massive
subsidies to large corporations, and protections against market
competition.   The result is that mutuals and cooperatives are
swimming against the current, and in many cases are an expensive
consumption good for greenwashed yuppies.
What I referred to above was the natural tendency in a society absent
such privilege, subsidy, and artificial scarcity, when
self-organization was not crowded out, constrained or preempted by
state action.
I believe we're in a transition state in which the corporate state is
reaching the limit of its resources to provide such subsidies and
protections (thanks, among other things, to the kind of fiscal crisis
described by James O'Connor, Michel's crisis of realization in the
cognitive realm, and Peak Oil).  When this perfect storm of crises has
passed, what we'll be left with is Robb's resilient communities.  In
the transition period, I think we'll see that it's the large
hierarchical organizations that are swimming against a hostile tide,
and will eventually be eaten alive.

@_date: 2009-11-09 13:38:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
Well, I'm a methodological individualist (i.e., social wholes exist
only as patterned interactions between individuals--social cognition
or "general will" exist only in a metaphorical sense).  But I wouldn't
take it as far as Margaret Thatcher's Randroid bravado and say
"there's no such thing as society."  Rather, I just think that
whatever social good exists is the cumulative effect of individual
acts of voluntary cooperation, and consensual relationships between
I'm extremely skeptical about the ability of any representative
organization, which is not both directly democratic and an entirely
consensual/voluntary effort of those who choose to belong, to reflect
any genuine kind of "common good" or "general welfare."  I believe
very strongly that such organizations, in practice, come to serve the
interests of those who control their day-to-day machinery.
This "getting better" at things, IMO, is key to the transition.  It's
one of the dovetailing crisis tendencies that's making state
capitalism non-viable.  It's at the root of your crisis of realization
in the cognitive realm (p2p is so good that copyright is becoming
unenforceable), and of Rushkoff's crisis of surplus capital.

@_date: 2009-11-11 23:46:06
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Deloitte's Shift Index: Advances in Labor 
The problems with the Return on Investment metric were a major theme
in The Rebirth of American Industry, by William Waddell and Norman
Bodek.  I reviewed it here:

@_date: 2009-11-12 18:25:59
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
You mean the stuff about Rushkoff and your crisis of realization?  I
could do that.  I think it would probably mostly duplicate what I've
already written for P2P on the crisis of value and the decay of the
cultural pseudomorph.
In the meantime, I finished my review of John Curl's book on the
history of cooperatives.  When would be a good time to schedule it for
the blog?

@_date: 2009-11-12 23:47:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: When The Neck Bone Isn't Connected To The Head 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader:
When The Neck Bone Isn't Connected To The Head
via Evolving Excellence  by Bill
Waddell on 11/12/09
by BILL WADDELL James Weldon Johnson was quite the Renaissance man, if ever there was one.
A poet and a lawyer, a politician and a songwriter, and a first rate
educator.  We would be a lot better off had his best known bit of
songwriting found its way into the curriculum at the business schools.  At
the start of every class at the Harvard Business School they should have all
the students stand up and sing a rousing chorus of "Dry Bones":
*The toe bone connected to the heel bone,
The heel bone connected to the foot bone,
The foot bone connected to the leg bone,
The leg bone connected to the knee bone,
The knee bone connected to the thigh bone,
The thigh bone connected to the back bone,
The back bone connected to the neck bone,
The neck bone connected to the head bone,
Oh, hear the word of the Lord!*
The other day I wrote about the wholesale abandonment of
the elite academic circles.  I think it was in large part an
consequence of the whole theory of Core Competence, first proposed by
Michael Porter from Harvard, then picked up by a couple of guys named Prahalad
and Hamelfrom
Michigan and the London Business School, respectively.
Prahalad and Hamel don't seem to have anything against manufacturing - in
fact a big part of their article is written around using manufacturing as a
competitive weapon even without much of a brand.  But their basic premise is
that the business is a bunch of chunks, and some are good and some are not,
and that you ought to keep the good chunks and toss the bad ones aside.
Again, Porter, and the other two were not anti-manufacturing, but they
created an easy out for managers in a tough business environment.  In the
1980's Toyota, Sony, NEC and a lot of other Japanese companies were running
roughshod through America manufacturing and everyone was peddling as fast as
they could to figure out how they were doing it and what to do about it.
There was a serious challenge to the American business community, then along
came the notion of 'core competence' and there was the easy path out of the
fire:  Simply decide that manufacturing was not a core competence and, v*
oil?!,* problem solved.
Just decide that what we are really good at is R&D and marketing, and
finance and strategy of course, but that manufacturing is dirty, pedestrian
stuff that is not really critical.  They could give up on solving the tough
manufacturing challenge and couch quitting in a high-fallutin' explanation
about focusing on core competencies - and that was cutting edge Harvard
Business School stuff - no mere buzzword.  And it worked.
Now there is a bit of a problem.  If you go over and cruise the current
writing from the big brain guys, they are wringing their hands over the loss
of the 'industrial commons".  Says Gary Pisano from
"*The culprit is the outsourcing of development and manufacturing work to
specialists abroad. The result: a damaging deterioration in the collective
capabilities that serve high tech. This industrial commons includes not just
suppliers of advanced materials, production equipment, and components, but
also R&D know-how, advanced process development and engineering skills, and
manufacturing competencies*."
"Industrial commons" is academicspeak for all the bones they disconnected
from the head bone.
Oops!  You mean when we were quick to globalize manufacturing, all of that
other stuff went with it and now it is really hard to *innovate *without any
of the know how about whether those innovations can actually be made into
products?  You mean that manufacturing engineering and supplier capabilities
are important ingredients in new product development?  And you mean that
when all of you guys were shoving manufacturing to China as fast as you
could get rid of it you expected the suppliers to stay in business just in
case one of the multi-nationals had a technical question for them?  And you
thought they would keep all of their manufacturing and process engineers on
the payroll even though manufacturing was gone?  And you thought all of the
machine builders would go on in this country as if nothing had happened?
Or do you really mean that you had no idea that businesses can no more be
carved up into chunks than Harvard professors?  C'mon - you guy's core
competence is your brains, but that doesn't mean its a good idea to cut off
your feet to save the price of shoes.
Said another Harvard boy by the name of Willy
"*Even though the Kindle's key innovation ? its electronic ink ? was
invented and is being made, at least for now, in the U.S., Asian
manufacturers are capturing the vast majority of the value added by
manufacturing the e-reader itself. Even more worrisome, the U.S. is almost
certain to lose control of the e-paper display technology and the future
innovations that spring from it*."
Yep, Willy.  The big thinkers thought they could keep the head bone here and
declare the rest of 'dem bones' unimportant.  Now they are shocked to find
that the head bone isn't much good without the rest of them.  Old James was
right - all 'dem bones' are very much connected.
There's a reason why the best manufacturers tend to be pretty vertically
integrated.  They take 'core competence' to mean everything in the chain of
creating value for their customers - not everything that is easy or cheap.
Things you can do from here:
   - Subscribe to Evolving
   *Google Reader*
   - Get started using Google
Readerto easily keep up
   *all your favorite sites*

@_date: 2009-11-13 12:23:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: When The Neck Bone Isn't Connected To The 
I thought it was a fairly effective argument for the dense industrial
ecologies in flexible manufacturing networks like Emilia-Romagna and

@_date: 2009-11-16 20:15:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free and open fictional settings 
Thanks for the info, Ryan.  It reminds me a bit of Superstruct, which
you may be interested in, and particularly Vinay Gupta's DCAR page:
I'm CC'ing this to the P2P email list.

@_date: 2009-11-18 11:15:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
That would work out fine, IMO.  I love lamb and resent the fact that
it's rarely found (and extremely expensive when it is) in most
supermarkets.  And I can barely tell the difference between mutton and
Re beef, we could achieve a considerable scaling back of dedicated
land just by going back to the pattern followed by our
great-great-grandparents:  restricting cattle to areas that are
natural pasture, supplemented with just enough corn feeding to get
them through the winter.
That's why I dispute statistics saying the "farm population" is less
than 1%.  Using the same definition of "farmer" that prevailed before
the triumph of cash crops--i.e., someone who meets some portion of
their subsistence needs with food they grow themselves--10% to 30% of
the population is probably engaged in farming.
And at the same time, there are people (like the South Central Farmers
in LA) who are seeking vacant land to supply their needs for fresh
If it weren't for subsidies to large-scale cash cropping of cereal
grains and soybeans, and production on giant plantation farms in
California (the legacy of the hacienda system, BTW), I expect a much
larger share of our diet would come from small-scale horticulture.

@_date: 2009-11-19 13:06:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] anti-microfinance movement in nicaragua protests 
So it sounds like that 20% interest rate is nominal, and would be much
lower if the rate of inflation were subtracted (same situation with
U.S. interest rates during the inflation of the late '70s).
Part of the problem, though, is that there's an "international
microfinance industry" in the first place, instead of networked credit
being used as a way for local producers to aggregate their own

@_date: 2009-11-19 13:28:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] anti-microfinance movement in nicaragua protests 
I agree the situation is much better with such activity than without.
The problem is the barriers to finding the capital locally.  I wish
there were some way to facilitate local people monetizing their own
future productive capacities, without the need for outside money at
all.  To me the heart of the issue is the conception of money as a
store of past value, rather than a simple accounting system for
facilitating the exchange of present and future production.
The capital exists locally right now, if you include the productive
capacities currently existing in the household and informal economy.
There needs to be some way of leveraging it, for  people who have no
access to outside money.  Possibly relevant is Hernando De Soto's "The
Mystery of Capital," which argued that the informal property held by
hundreds of millions of people in the Third World was an enormous
potential  source of capital, if some mechanism existed for borrowing
from it.  And I would argue that the existing productive potential of
labor, if it could be leveraged as a source of credit, would be an
analogous vehicle for investing in increased productive capacity.  Tom
Greco's idea  of mutual credit-clearing networks is highly relevant

@_date: 2009-11-19 17:42:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] anti-microfinance movement in nicaragua protests 
I don't think default risk would be that significant in one of Greco's
mutual credit-clearing systems.  In his system, members are permitted
to run negative balances on a regular basis, up to whatever limit the
local membership decides to impose (he suggests the equivalent of two
month's services or sales).  If a member continues to run a negative
balance close to the equivalent of two months' wages for his labor,
but the account continues to turn over, that's fine under the terms of
the system.  And if he simply stops selling goods and services, and
his balance ceases to turn over, it's no great loss to the system.
Also:  in a society following the collapse of the official currency
and the capitalist credit system, where such credit-clearing systems
were the main source of liquidity and credit, there would be strong
incentives to maintain good standing as a necessity for being able to
participate in the local economy.  So the incentives would be much
like those against "skipping out on obs" in Russell's "And Then There
Were None."
But local currency and credit systems tend to proliferate in times of
severe economic downturn, when there's a shortage of conventional
money from the larger economy.  When people with productive
capabilities to exchange but no money in hand need some source of
liquidity, a credit-clearing system would be made to order.

@_date: 2009-11-24 11:42:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] replab and replication 
I'd be glad to, but since I'm not an engineer or a hardware person my
explanation would probably be of limited value.
And IMO while self-replicability is a plus, all other things being
equal, it's not all that important in itself.  What's really important
is having all the prerequisites of replicating an entire Fab Lab in a
networked, resilient local economy so that there's no danger of having
the chain of production broken.  I agree with Franz Nahrada's
observations re OSE that resilience and replicability are best
achieved at the level of the community economy, rather than either the
individual tool or the individual shop.

@_date: 2009-11-25 17:07:25
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
There has also been a major shift in employee remuneration from wage
earners to salaried managers.  If management and supervisors were
reduced to the same share of total employee compensation they got
thirty years ago, it would be enough to increase average wages by
about a third.

@_date: 2009-11-26 07:17:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
I'm not sure you and Paul are disagreeing here.  Articles of interest
to such microcommunities are unlikely to meet the Deletionazis'
criteria for notability.
And I think we're all agreed that the notability requirements are
unnecessary in an environment of abundance.
Reminds me of a radio commercial I used to hear for some pizza place
that said "...And we don't put dead minnows on our pies!"  Well, I'm
not aware of any pizza place that puts anchovies on orders for people
who don't ask for them.  So what they were really bragging about was
that they didn't have them for those who DID want them.  Similarly,
the "non-notable" articles will never even be seen by those who aren't
interested or looking for them; but thanks to the Deletionazis, they
won't be there for anyone who IS looking.

@_date: 2009-11-27 12:12:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
I suspect that OLPC was a great idea back several years ago when a
laptop was the least capital-intensive form of connectivity, and a
cheap stripped-down laptop would dramatically increase Web access.
But thanks to Moore's law, it's been left behind by the proliferation
of even cheaper Web-connected cell phones.

@_date: 2009-11-27 12:27:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
If email is really dead, I guess I'll soon be as out of touch with the
rest of the world as the old folks currently waiting for snailmail
letters from the grandkids.
I don't do Facebook, because it's an enormous time-eater, and if I'm
going to do something that consumes the time of a job I'd rather it be
something I enjoyed rather than an emotional drain and timesink that
doesn't leave me with the time or energy to do something that matters
to me.
I don't do message boards.  Anything that requires me to regularly
visit some URL and keep track of a login (including blogs and
aggregators that require registration to comment), I'll probably stop
bothering with in a very short time.
For all the good Twitter does under special circumstances, in most
cases I think it's a silly waste of time--about like a syndicated
version of IM or texting.
I like email discussion lists because they bring the new stuff from
all my groups into one location.
What I read on a regular basis is what comes into my email in-box and
what's syndicated on my feed aggregator.

@_date: 2009-11-27 12:33:15
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
I LIKE the posts by Paul, Ryan, Michel, Eric and others that include
thoroughly developed and supported arguments.  And I LIKE going
through threaded emails on lines of argument that interest me, seeing
point-by-point responses.
If only those who are interested respond, and the rest lurk, that's fine.
I'm not interested in seeing stuff "lightened" and dumbed down to the
point that people are ready to "follow" it, when that means making it
not worth following anyway.

@_date: 2009-11-27 13:02:25
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the "lump of labor fallacy" itself a fallacy? 
The LL fallacy has been tirelessly combated by Tom Walker:
But wait--Krugman himself is a little wobbly on the issue:
"To be more specific: the severe housing slump we?re experiencing now
will end eventually, but the immense Bush-era housing boom won?t be
repeated. Consumers will eventually regain some of their confidence,
but they won?t spend the way they did in 2005-2007, when many people
were using their houses as ATMs, and the savings rate dropped nearly
to zero.
"So what will support the economy if cautious consumers and humbled
homebuilders aren?t up to the job?"

@_date: 2009-11-27 13:06:56
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
Thanks for the clarification--my apologies for misunderstanding.
I agree that clipping previous posts and posting under the specific
items responded to is a better way of doing things.

@_date: 2009-11-28 11:46:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
And we routinely get automated requests to approve messages that got
filtered out for excessive bandwidth--which I always approve, in order
to avoid stifling discussion.  If we lowered the limit, it would be
counterproductive IMO.
Encouraging people to trim messages is the way to go, but there's
really no way to force them.

@_date: 2009-11-28 12:30:11
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
The problem is this is set up as a "reply all" email list.  If you
just hit "reply," it only goes to the individual poster.  And if you
hit "reply all," it goes to both the list and the individual poster.
I always delete all the email addresses besides the list itself, but
it's a hassle.  And as far as I know there's no way to fix it.

@_date: 2009-11-28 12:48:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Feedback on a Summary/Explanation of John 
Schumpeter, in his history of economic thought, classifies Keynes
along with J.A. Hobson, Marxist theoreticians of late capitalism,
etc., into the general category of "stagnationists."
Where both Hobson and the neo-Marxists (esp. the Monthly Review group)
are vastly superior to Keynes IMO is in dealing with the issue of
overaccumulation, which Keynes completely neglects.  Keynes focuses
entirely on issues of income and expenditure, and treats capital
investment as just another form of expenditure.
And he treats chronic underconsumption as some sort of automatic
byproduct of economic development, rather than the result of the
promotion of one kind of economic development at the expense of
others.  (But Hobson and the neo-Marxists also do this).
IMO the stagnationist problem results from two major causes.
The first, and older, cause is economic privilege, which prevents
labor from fully internalizing all the benefits of its productivity.
Artificial scarcity of land and capital force labor to pay a
significant portion of its natural wage to the rentier classes, and IP
prevents productivity increases from innovation from being passed on
quickly to the consumer.  E.g., instead of the price of Tom Peters'
Minolta camera simply falling by 90% in the face of market
competition, it has a price ten times higher that consists mainly of
"intellect" and "ephemera" rather than parts and labor.
The second cause is built into the specific structure of mass
production industry, which reflects institutional forces created by
collusion between government and industry since the beginning of the
corporate revolution and the second industrial revolution around 150
years ago.  Government has systematically promoted centralized,
capital-intensive mass production, with product-specific machinery,
and push distribution and planned obsolescence to amortize the costs.
Absent these institutional forces IMO what we'd have wound up with
instead is the integration of general-purpose electrical machinery
into local industrial economies, organized on a demand-pull basis.
And that would have been almost entirely free from the problem of
overaccumulation and idle capacity the neo-Marxists describe.

@_date: 2009-11-29 01:15:02
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
Gmail doesn't have such a shortcut--at least I haven't found it.

@_date: 2009-10-05 07:19:07
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Product Designs on Pirate Bay? 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Product Designs on
Pirate Bay? via Ponoko - Blog by Duann on 10/4/09
How long before we see ?illegal? product design files to download? And
what should we do about it?
New release movies are available for download from various file sharing
networks before they even hit the cinemas. Despite DRM and any other
copyright protection put into music files they are instantly and widely
spread across the net for free download seemingly as soon as the
recordings are complete. Software applications and games are exactly
the same, years of development are quickly absorbed and distributed in
peer to peer networks without a dollar changing hands.
We can assume the same is going to happen with physical product design
in the not too distant future, as the digital design process becomes
ubiquitous, and the means of manufacture become distributed and
What will we do when product design files start hitting these peer to
peer networks of sharing. The equivalent of ripping a CD and burning it
for a friend?
Or when a disgruntled Industrial Designer leaks the CAD files for the
latest gizmo onto Demonoid or Pirate Bay, and suddenly anyone with
access to a Makerbot can print one themselves?
Can or will Shapeways analyse a design and refuse to 3D print it if it
is seen to infringe a design copyright, or have an encryption denoting
it a pirate ?illegal? 3D file?
Will Marc Newson pull a Metallica and try and sue one of his fans if
they 3D print one of his doorstoppers because it deprives him from
How long till we see the likes of Ikea hacks take on the form of
musical mash-ups when two digital files are combined? Like Deiter Rams
Radio vs Jonathan Ive?s iPod in a mutant device. Will we see The Grey
Album with an Artist/designer taking claim (and
responsibility/liability) for a product mash-up or will we see
anonymous designers posting ?white label? designs so as to avoid
Would or could Tatty Devine sue Ponoko if they sell a designers jewelry
if it is a copy, that has been changed ever so slightly, and is this a
form of illegal mass-customization?
I would love to hear any feedback to these questions, and what
direction, action or acceptance we will take?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ponoko - Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-07 00:13:18
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama open to newspaper bailout bill - The 
That's the establishment liberal view of blogs, all right.  Problem
is, it's ass-backwards.  "Fact-checking" for the blogosphere works
about the same as for Wikipedia:  it's not a function of the
individual blogger, but of the relationship between bloggers.  And I
suspect the blogosphere collectively stacks up pretty well against
"professional" journalists when it comes to fact-checking.  Any error
of fact or reasoning in a major blog is subject to being ruthlessly
exposed by other bloggers.

@_date: 2009-10-07 17:54:09
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Distributed Manufacturing Contest 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Distributed
Manufacturing Contest via The Blog of Jeff Vail - Litigation, Resilient
Systems, Risk Management, Sustainability by Jeff Vail on 10/7/09
Appologies for the slow posting of late--I anticipate more time issues
in my life over the the next month or so (ASPO conference this weekend,
baby due in two weeks, more "real" work than I can handle at the
moment). That said, the good people at Ponoko were kind enough to offer
me a coupon for free use of their system thanks to my article last week
mentioning them (I have no financial/other relationship with Ponoko,
and as the comments to that post point out, they're just one of many
different faces of the coming distributed manufacturing revolution).
So... since I clearly don't have time to design something at the
moment, I'm going to hold my first ever blog contest. If anyone is
interested, I'll offer my Ponoko coupon to the person that comes up
with the best "primary goods" design (see last week's article for
definition of "primary," but basically I'm looking for something that
will increase localized self-sufficiency and resiliency). All I ask is
that the winner send me a picture of the final product that I can post
here. Submissions can come in any format (I don't need the actual file
format used by Ponoko for input), and can be posted in the comments or
emailed to me. Deadline is the end of October.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Blog of Jeff Vail - Litigation, Resilient Systems,
Risk Management, Sustainability using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-08 15:19:04
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the most important article of the year so far ... 
A few points:
I dispute Balakrishnan's framing of the issue, in taking the postwar
expansion of capitalism as proving the resilience of the system, and
casting doubt on Marx's theory of mature capitalism.  Sure, capitalism
can recover--as long as some superpower destroys most of the plant and
equipment outside its own borders in order to give its capital and
goods a wide-open and uncontested field for thirty years, and diverts
almost its entire production for four years into military hardware
that (in Emmanuel Goldstein's words) is sunk to the bottom of the sea
or blown into the stratosphere.  Nothing that happened in WWII and
after disproved Marxist theories of overaccumulation, any more than
the other counteracting tendencies to the falling direct rate of
profit Marx listed in vol. 3 of Capital "contradicted" his theory of
the crises of late capitalism.  His only failing was to list "blowing
up all the plant and equipment and starting over" as one of the
counteracting tendencies.
The chronic crisis tendency came back, with a vengeance, when the
world capital markets were once again saturated around 1970.  And
pushing the reset button with a world war, in order to start again
with a clean slate, may be a bit  more costly in an age of nuclear
I'm a bit skeptical of Marxist speculations on a new "social structure
of accumulation," on the same pattern as the Second Industrial
Revolution and the postwar Fordist SSA.  One thing that's hard to get
around is the lack of plausible "epoch-making industries" as new
sponges for surplus capital, when the new technological developments
are actually reducing needs for capital outlay by an order of
magnitude or two.  Balakrishnan is correct to express skepticism about
increased productiivity from a new technological revolution leading to
massive new investment and "growth," and to say that we're at a
"structural impasse."  But he got things backward, confusing "growth"
in econometric terms with increase in physical productivity.  The
problem is that increase in physical productivity is rendering most
finance capital superfluous, thus exacerbating capitalism's chronic
overaccumulation tendency.
And even if we're in for a long stagnation of several centuries
comparable to the Dark Ages, in terms of traditional econometric
statistics, I think the technological genies coming out of the bottle
will be intensifying economic production coextensively with that
official stagnation.  Micromanufacturing is already in the process of
introducing the modern analogues of horse collar, crop rotation and
clockwork machinery even as we're retiring to the villas.
It's entirely correct that we're not heading for a new, vigorous phase
of accumulation, because we're entering a phase of what Robb calls
"STEMI compression" that's so intensive as to render the whole link
between accumulation and productivity obsolete.  That's why IMO the
whole "social structure of accumulation" paradigm is obsolete:  its
focus on new engines of accumulation, as sponges for enormous
quantities of investment capital, is no longer relevant.
Two opposing themes in the SSA theory, mentioned by B., are at odds
with each other.  The first is the rising set of costs, and the need
to reduce them to restore the rate of profit.  But lowering costs and
increasing profit directly creates an internal contradiction:   a
surplus of investment capital without a productive outlet.
The probem is not that there's technological stagnation, so that no
technological advance exists to increase productivity and create a new
outlet for investment capital.  The problem is that rapid
technological advances are increasing productivity in ways that render
investment capital useless (as described by Rushkoff).
I'm utterly floored by B's references to "technological stagnation."
What planet is he living on?
The problem with these Marxist theories of social structures  of
accumulation is that they tacitly assume a paleotechnic,
mass-production technological paradigm in which massive capital
investment is needed to increase productivity.

@_date: 2009-10-10 12:20:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the most important article of the year so far ... 
Sure.  Oddly enough, I was planning to publish the comments per your
earlier request for blog posts after the 8th.

@_date: 2009-10-12 17:17:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Makers 
I just received my advance copy of Cory Doctorow's Makers from Tor, so
I should have a review of it in the next few weeks.  This book deals
with a lot of themes I've written on at P2P blog recently, so it
should be of interest to members of this list.

@_date: 2009-10-12 23:16:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Product Designs on Pirate Bay? 
I'll check it out.  As I recall, the comments were diverted almost
entirely into flaming on the copyright issue in general, with little
in the way of constructive comments either way on the possibility of a
micromanufacturing business model that can capture value without IP.
But I may have missed something.
My own take on it is that the primary way to monetize design is by
micromanufacturers doing it in-house and competing primarily through
technical skill and customer service.  Independent designers not
directly engaged in production might make their money with a business
model based on first sale, and by using past designs in the public
domain as free advertising to get themselves new first sale deals with
producers.  Leaving aside the morality of it and whether the designers
think it's "fair," the simple fact of the matter is that (as Doctorow
put it) computers are machines for copying bits, and a business model
that depends on stopping this from happening is doomed.

@_date: 2009-10-13 02:44:58
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
I'm skeptical that the decline in agricultural population was really
that steep, because it's comparing apples to oranges.  Much of that
90% 200 years ago was engaged primarily in subsistence production
(i.e., for their own labor), whereas the conventional measure that
today's 2% falls into is almost entirely cash crop farming.  An
apples-to-apples comparison would include the amount of food
production for subsistence that takes place today within the household
sector (backyard gardens, etc.), that is conventionally classified as
a "hobby."

@_date: 2009-10-13 21:44:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] All Money is Fantasy 
Requiring money to have some intrinsic value, in the sense of a store
of accumulated past value, misses the whole point.  The point is to
have a *measure* of value for present and future transactions (i.e.,
the rate at which my labor is exchanged for yours).  We shouldn't need
to have an accumulated store of past value to exchange present and
future services.  That's the whole point:  to enable trade even when
there's "no money" in the conventional economy.

@_date: 2009-10-14 02:50:10
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Little Help From Your Friends: How Common Security 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: A Little Help From Your
Friends: How Common Security Clubs Can Mend Our Social Fabric via
AlterNet.org Main RSS Feed by Sam Pizzigati, Too Much: A Commentary on
Excess and Inequality on 10/13/09
As the activities of many are beginning to illustrate, conquering
economic inequality means banding together.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to AlterNet.org Main RSS Feed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-16 12:34:49
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Wi-Fi Direct Gets Peer-to-Peer Connections - 
Seems relevant to discussions of whether the Internet's servers are
reslient enough to survive prolonged, widespread rolling brownouts
from Peak Oil and a tsunami of bankruptcies.  Local open manufacturing
networks and peer networks in the cognitive realm could still function
based on local point-to-point meshworks, or computer-to-computer phone
links, even without the Internet.

@_date: 2009-10-19 18:01:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the P2PFoundation a Shill for Proprietary 
I've got no problem promoting the commercial development of
open-source.  Commerce is good; what's bad is artificial scarcity.  A
market economy without embedded rents on IP would be pretty awesome

@_date: 2009-10-20 17:52:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the P2PFoundation a Shill for Proprietary 
On Mon, Oct 19, 2009 at 10:25 PM, Michel Bauwens
I agree.  This is analogous to the notability hawks vs. doves at
Wikipedia--and on that issue, I'm very much a dove.  When in doubt,
it's best to err on the side of inclusiveness.

@_date: 2009-10-21 11:31:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
If P2P is an ideology--and I agree that it is--then it's an ideology
that cuts across preexisting ideological divisions and is compatible
with holding to older ideologies at the same time.
The key components of P2P ideology are 1) eliminating artificial
scarcity and the rents that come from it, and 2) the effects of
network culture.
Most of us are agreed that eliminating rents from copyright and
patents, and the bottom-up organizational forms made possible by the
network, will have a revolutionary effect on the social system,
regardless of what we otherwise favor as defining characteristics of
that system.

@_date: 2009-10-21 15:12:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Important communication for future p2p plans 
Excellent news, Michel.
Network culture, by removing the transaction costs of dealing with a
"hub" anywhere in the world, is a great aid to Vinay Gupta's "buying
out at the bottom."  A century or so ago, Ebenezer Howard promoted a
similar "buying out at the bottom" model based on colonizing cheap
real estate in the countryside outside major cities.  Thanks to the
Internet, it's possible to do the same thing on a global scale, taking
advantage of cheap real estate and favorable exchange rates in the
Global South.  In a related note, I think Marcin Jakubowski is
offering buy-in for lifetime leases of 1/2 half acre plots at Factor e
Farm for $10,000 (I don't know how Brittany Gill figures into this,
but I assume he's not crazy enough to offer something like this
without having some prior understanding with her).

@_date: 2009-10-21 15:20:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
It just occurred me, but isn't the whole question of file-sharing
patented designs only of interest to a fairly limited subset of the
Making movement?  Given (literally) a micromanufacturing economy of
100,000 small shops with CNC tools, it seems pretty unlikely that
patents would even enter into the picture for a garage manufacturer
serving a market area of a few thousand people.  After all, securing a
patent is extremely expensive and takes a long time.  It probably
wouldn't even be worth it for someone not engaged in large-batch

@_date: 2009-10-21 23:36:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
I just meant that the orginal debate at Ponoko (or was it Make?) blog
strikes me as moot, considering that patents probably aren't worth the
cost for a garage manufacturer who doesn't produce in large enough
batches to amortize the cost.
One reason garage manufacturers are likely to eat the lunch of
old-line mass production industry is their extremely low capital
outlay requirements, which mean they can afford to switch between
small batches on a JIT basis, and the product lines that aren't
popular aren't the source of any fixed costs (like capital outlay for
patenting) that have to be serviced.

@_date: 2009-10-23 12:42:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
Actually, I believe the traditional model is on the way out; garage
manufacturing will expand at the expense of big companies.  But for
small companies serving local markets with a lot of lean product lines
organized on a JIT basis, the cost of patents won't be worth it.  The
whole idea is expensive patenting, followed by large-batch production
to service the overhead, is becoming irrelevant to ever-larger
sections of the economy.
Re the bubble of partnerships between traditional manufacturing corps
and outsourced garage producers, that's a major theme of Doctorow's
Makers, which I'm in process of reviewing.  The interesting thing,
though, is that the micromanufacturing bubble in his scenario popped
much more catastrophically than the dotcom bubble.  The reason was
that with entry costs as low as they were, it became harder and harder
to reap entrepreneurial profits from the first mover advantage and
then get out before widespread adoption drove costs down.  The
periods of entrepreneurial rent became shorter and shorter, until
entrepreneurs were overtaken by a shock wave of competiitive cost
implosion--every favela and shantytown in the country had its own Fab
Lab operating out of a store front or garage.

@_date: 2009-10-26 02:01:10
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your next 
The problem IMO is not so much population density as spatial
organization.  Because of monoculture development, backed by zoning
laws, commercial areas are located a long distance from where we live
instead of being integrated.
Re population density, I recall reading in a local newspaper that
about 60% of the population in Washington and Benton counties here in
NW Arkansas live within a mile walk of the main railroad line that
runs through the downtowns of the major cities here.

@_date: 2009-10-26 23:20:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
So how does this play out in your experience, with regard to the
patent issue?  Does your bottom-up federative system have some use for
patents, or would it be economically worthwhile to invest in patents
shared by a large networked pool of on-demand producers?  And are
there capitalization issues for which such a networked form is
insufficient compared to traditional "outsource" patronage by a
conventional manufacturing corp?

@_date: 2009-10-27 15:11:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the new green revolution in AFrica 
If you can use a second item on the same theme, I found an article
quoting an associate of Borlaug's on how close-minded he was, and how
a lot of his ex cathedra pronouncements on organic agri were simply
based on intellectually lazy assumptions on which he refused to
entertain any contrary evidence.

@_date: 2009-10-27 15:42:50
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
Good points.
It also just occurs to me that many of the pro-patent arguments based
on R&D cost assume a particular model of R&D.  Modular design, with
stigmergic efforts to create modules for a common open-source
platform, would greatly lower R&D cost per product: spreading out the
R&D for a platform and for modules by making the basic designs
reusable over a wide range of different configurations.

@_date: 2009-10-27 15:58:16
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Quinn Debate 
David:  Another thing also just occurred to me.
Many of the pro-patent arguments based on R&D cost assume a particular
model of product design.  But the open-source design process is
deliberately organized to minimize outlay costs.  Modular design, with
stigmergic efforts to create modules for a common open-source
platform, greatly lowers R&D cost per product: spreading out the R&D
for a platform and for modules by making the basic designs reusable
over a wide range of different configurations.  Open-source gets one
hell of a lot more bang for the R&D buck by getting maximum use out of
discrete bundles of development work.
Eric Hunting has raised the point that, even WITH proprietary
technology, the corporate capitalist economy often resorts to modular
design for common platforms to minimize R&D costs.  If it weren't for
the use of IP to block competitive development of generic modules,
accessories, spare parts, etc., built on common platforms, it would be
far more prevalent.   Hunting:
"Industrial ecologies are precipitated by situations where traditional
industrial age product development models fail in the face of very
high technology development overheads or very high demassification in
design driven by desire for personalization/customization producing
Long Tail market phenomenon. A solution to these dilemmas is
modularization around common architectural platforms in order to
compartmentalize and distribute development cost risks, the result
being 'ecologies' of many small companies independently and
competitively developing intercompatible parts for common product
platforms -such as the IBM PC."
 Another point (I got this from Samuel  Rose on the P2P Research email
list):  for efforts like the OS designs at Factor e Farm, the primary
motivation for the R&D effort is the capabilities afforded by the
technology (the utility of the small tractor, sawmill, CEB press,
And yet another point:  for production on a JIT model by
micromanufacturers like 100kGarages, with general-purpose machinery
being used to produce short runs of a wide variety of designs on file,
small batch production would be totally uneconomical with the massive
costs of patenting each separate design.  Patents make absolutely no
sense for garage manufacturing, because they raise capital outlays and
overhead so high that the only way to amortize them is large-batch

@_date: 2009-10-28 16:08:56
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Save the Planet, Eat Your Dog 
I'm not getting rid of my elderly tomcat.  And if you have any idea on
how to make him like veggies (other than genetically engineering them
to grow legs and run away), I'd like to hear it.

@_date: 2009-10-29 15:32:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the new green revolution in AFrica 
Reading public comments by Normal Borlaug, I was often struck by his
apparent ignorance of what organic farming methods actually entail.
He made ex cathedra pronouncements that revealed an almost total lack
of awareness of what organic farmers do.
This impression was confirmed by Devinder Sharma, in "The Dr Borlaug I
knew."  According to Sharma, Borlaug displayed a rather stubborn and
irrational unwillingness to confront any information that called his
view of the world into question.
 Dr Borlaug remained committed to his belief in the
indispensable role of chemical fertiliser and pesticides. He was so
adamant that when the Third World Academy in Italy presented a paper
on how Brazil had achieved remarkable crop yields in soybean and
sugarcane without applying chemical nitrogen, he didn?t agree. It was
only after he travelled to Brazil and saw for himself these crop yield
results that he at least acknowledged the reality. But even then, he
wouldn?t accept a vision of agriculture without chemical fertilisers
and pesticides....
He would often tell me that if India had not followed the Green
Revolution technology, the country would have needed to bring an
additional 58 million hectares under cultivation to produce the same
quantity of food that was being produced after the high-yielding
varieties of wheat were introduced. My counter argument to this was
that although the country saved 58 million hectares only 40 years
after Green Revolution, more than double -- close to 120 million
hectares -- are faced with varying degrees of degradation. Borlaug
never pardoned me for espousing the cause of long-term sustainability
in agriculture. He never accepted that the world could produce enough
food with Low-external Input Sustainable Agriculture (LEISA)
techniques. In fact Borlaug's sterotyped image of organic methods as requiring
less efficient use of land was a total strawman.  He deliberately
ignored the existence of organic methods, like that of John Jeavons,
that extracted a great deal more output per acre than conventional
mechanized/chemical agriculture.
Sharma also confirms, in passing, the validity of critiques by Frances
Moore Lappe:  that Green Revolution seeds are suited mainly for land
with massively subsidized irrigation and fertilizer inputs, and are
therefore designed primarily for the needs of the privileged
landowning classes who have expropriated subsistence producers and
converted their land to cash crop production.
 These semi-dwarf [wheat] plants developed by Dr Borlaug
responded to the application of chemical fertilisers and produced a
bountiful grain harvest. The yields multiplied under favourable
Within a few weeks of the import [into India], the seed was made
available in 5 kg packs and distributed widely in the areas where
irrigation was abundant....
Agricultural scientists promoted the technology worldwide ?
cultivating the water guzzling high-yielding varieties of wheat (the
same technology was subsequently applied to rice), applying chemical
fertilisers and pesticides ? and they were never able to understand
why the environmentalists were opposed to the technology.

@_date: 2009-10-29 18:57:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the new green revolution in AFrica 
Louis Bromfield killed two birds with one stone, by planting
deep-rooted legumes like red clover.  Not only did they fix nitrogen,
but (thanks to the Ohio valley's glacial subsoil) the roots brought up
lots of trace minerals and aerated the soil to a considerable depth
(actually, I guess that's three birds).
Borlaug and many of his ilk have also conflated the big-large
distinction with the conventional-organic distinction.  Their
evaluations of organic farming don't control for farm size, which
means a lot of what they regard as "organic" is just large,
conventional agribusiness without the chemical pesticides and
fertilizers.  But generally speaking, small-scale production is more
efficient in output per acre.
I should have added, in the bit for the blog, that Borlaug stacked his
Green Revolution techniques against the strawman assumption of
traditional native techniques--assuming that there were not multiple
paths of development for making production more efficient.  Either the
Third World adopted his techniques,  or it stood still; the
possibility of progress through adopting more intensive forms of
production that incorporated modern soil science was apparently out of
the question.
Every time I see people like Ronald Bailey kiss Borlaug's ass, I get a
little angrier.

@_date: 2009-10-30 12:52:03
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Candid Interviews with Former Soviet Officials 
Part of the problem was that Western decision-makers were trapped in
their own paradigm:  namely the "Chamberlain at Munich" paradigm,
where every foreign adversary plays the Hitler ca. 1938 role, and the
only American choices are "deterrence" vs. "appeasement."
The problem is, the Soviets had their own paradigm (Hitler 1941) that
governed their view of American intentions.
Far from  having the motivations of Hitler in the 1930s, I think the
Soviets can better be compared to Germany before WWI:  a second-rate
would-be superpower, with a sense of inferiority toward the first-rank
superpower and a desire for "a place in the sun."  Everything in
Soviet culture, the desire to build the biggest and best of
everything, even Khrushchev's "we will bury you" speech, reflected the
perceived lack of parity and the desire to prove the country wasn't
backward or weak.

@_date: 2009-09-01 22:31:15
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non-failure of microcredit 
In any case, even stipulating the failure of Grameen, that is not the
same thing as the failure of microcredit as such.
First of all, the idea of microcredit is much broader, and includes
far more possibilities, than the Grameen model alone.  For example, a
mutual account-clearing system like Greco proposes, if it allowed (as
he also proposed) running deficits equivalent to three months average
income for the member, that would amount to an interest-free
microcredit system.  Three months' pay for a wage-earner in the U.S.
would be sufficient capital for a wide range of low-overhead
Second, the real future of microcredit IMO will be not when it
coexists with a functioning capitalist banking system, but when it
fills the vacuum left by the collapse of that system.  The heyday of
LETS systems and barter networks was in the Depression, when the
supply of official money dried up, and alternative currency was the
primary means for providing liquidity for direct exchange between
producers.  Likewise, distributed peer lending systems will come into
their own as a means of aggregating dispersed capital, when it is the
only means available for ordinary people to amass capital for
production in the household and informal sector and keep themselves
fed and supplied with other goods.

@_date: 2009-09-01 23:53:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ted Leung on Design and Commons-based Production 
In any case, open-source doesn't require coordinated design by p2p
communities.  If anything, it facilites independent efforts by
individuals and small groups to build on others' platforms.  The
important thing is that the platform be in the public domain, with no
legal barriers to "letting a hundred flowers bloom" when it comes to
building modular accessories for it.

@_date: 2009-09-03 15:14:07
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dana Blankenhorn on Cory Doctorow's dislike of 
I think Doctorow's right about this.  We need a computer network
that's resilient enough, in a time of Peak Oil and economic collapse,
to survive a long period of rolling brownouts and cascading Chapter 11
That means primarily, IMO, resilient local meshworks organized on a
last-mile basis, including local bulletin board systems, that will
make it easier for people to link their hard drives via local user
networks when centralized server networks collapse or are
intermittently functional.  In such an eventuality, the data stored on
hard drives may be the equivalent of the manuscripts stored in the
monastic libraries after Rome fell.

@_date: 2009-09-03 16:15:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michel; A question 
A global effort might be useful for what Paul referred to as
"stigmergic" development in another thread.   Model p2p money software
might be designed to be adopted by any local network that wanted to
use it, and to be built on on a modular basis.

@_date: 2009-09-04 16:08:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] high speed anoimprinting (3-D nano printing) 
As somebody who knows zilch about computer hardware, I'm wondering if
this offers the potential for overcoming the massive capital  outlays
required for microfoundries and will enable the scaling of
microprocessor production down to a more local level.

@_date: 2009-09-07 14:04:02
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
I think the answer, quantitatively, lies somewhere between your and
Paul's arguments.  There is extreme overcapacity of manufacturing
industries, coupled with what will be permanently weak demand without
a new debt bubble to restart it.  The value of assets is declining as
outlay costs for physical manufacturing plummet (the same thing that's
already rendered so much investment capital superfluous and with no
outlet in the information and culture industries, according to
Put the two together, and I think we will see something like what Alan
Greenspan called "The Great Malaise" back in the '80s (see Harry
Magdoff and Paul Sweezy's article "The Great Malaise").  Greenspan,
anticipating "Helicopter Ben" Bernanke, speculated that the tools
available to the Fed meant there would never be another Great
Depression on the pattern of the '30s.  After the '29 crash, the Fed
actually tightened money, which led to a snowballing series of
deflationary collapses fueled by bankruptcies.  A stock market
collapse on the 1929, or a banking collapse on the pattern of 1932,
Greenspan, would be met with an emergency expansion of liquidity to
prevent the kind of catastrophic deflationary spiral that happened in
the last Depression.  And in fact, that's what actually happened after
the stock market collapse of 1987 and the bank crisis of 2008.  Had
there not been monetary countermeasures by the Fed after the October
1987 crash, and had the government followed the same do-nothing
approach it did in 1929, it probably would have led to another Great
Depression.  What we will have in lieu of depressions, Greenspan said,
is the Great Malaise:  long periods of economic stagnation and
overcapacity, with unemployment never dipping below 8 or 9 percent.
He wrote that, BTW, before the series of "jobless recoveries" that
began in the 1990s.  It's also noteworthy that the average rate of
profit, decade by decade, has been falling in the U.S. since the
1960s.  The rate of profit in the '90s and the 00s was at a record
historical low since the 1930s.
I think the permanent overcapacity will result in just such a
long-term stagnation, with employment figures never rebounding but
with no sudden collapse either.  Rather, employment rates will
gradually decline over the next decade or two, and much of the decline
will be concealed as underemployment.  Meanwhile, increasingly
underemployed workers will of necessity shift a growing portion of
their value-creation outside the cash nexus and into direct production
either for their own consumption or for the social economy in the
informal sector.  Expect to see a steady increase in such things as
home gardening, participation in LETS systems, and the "do it
yourself" ethos.
There will also be no significant increase in investment in the
conventional corporate economy.  Investment will see the same pattern
of long-term stagnation as employment.  The singularity in small-scale
production technology, like Fab Labs with CNC machines and RepRap, is
causing initial capital outlays for manufacturing to implode, with a
factor 10 or more reduction in the need for all that superfluous
investment capital.  So conventional mass-production industry will
follow the old strategy for economic downturns, but on steroids:
they'll let the old mass-production core stagnate and slowly decay,
restricting investment to maintenance needs (if even that), while
shifting more and more production to small shops in flexible
manufacturing networks that require less and less capital to engage in
In the end, almost the entire manufacturing economy will be in small
shops with entry costs in the few thousands of $$ and virtually zero
overhead.  Most value creation will be either through part-time
employment in such industry or unmonetized production in the
household/informal sector.  The old corporate centers of mass
production will have evaporated, first leaving a sector of decaying
industry with massive overcapacity, then a legal shell of trademarks
and advertising, and then (when the small flexible manufacturing
networks take the final step of simply disregarding trademark and
patent rights) nothing at all--much like the way the Cheshire Cat
disappeared all but his smile, and then the smile itself vanished.
My hope is that this process will be fairly gradual and slow over a
couple of decades, with no sudden dislocations or catastrophic
collapse, and that despite the steady erosion of conventional economic
metrics like employment and dollar output, when the trendlines finally
bottom out most people will be living so comfortably they won't really
I've got a review copy of Doctorow's Makers on the way, which deals
with a lot  of these themes.  I can't wait to read it.

@_date: 2009-09-07 14:23:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the end of sloanism 
Thanks, Michel.  There's a lot of overlap between it and earlier posts
I've done, like the one on the decay of Mumford's "cultural
pseudomorph" and the one on creating value outside the cash nexus.  It
also overlaps with my unpublished post on the end of growth, and my
comments today in the thread on employment figures.  I think if I
splice the latter two together, it might amount to a sort of
blog-length distillation of the general ideas in the C4SS paper.  Does
that sound about right?

@_date: 2009-09-07 14:32:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
Allow a few years of exponential replication for CNC multimachines and
cutting tables, RepRaps, etc., and I expect we'll see the bottom fall
out of even these very low capital requirements, and the expansion of
such low-capital and low-overhead production into nearly every product
The other shoe will drop when the networked producers in the Third
Italy and China decide to disregard the corporate trademarks and
patents altogether, strip price of the brand-name markup, and market
the goods directly to the local population instead of loading them
into container ships nobody can afford fuel for.

@_date: 2009-09-07 18:44:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Never Mind the Policy: Can Filtering Technology 
Another point never considered by those who think copyright lockdown
can be achieved by a technical fix:  sharing by "sneakernet."
People can burn copies of any CD they own and give physical copies to
their friends for the cost of a blank CD.  It's far more feasible and
less risky than the kind of photocopier samizdat that circulated in
the old USSR, and could easily play a role under corporate proprietary
information lockdown directly analogous to what samizdat played under
communist information lockdown.
Back in the pre-Internet days, the record companies complained of
people duplicating casettes for their friends--and they were
completely impotent to do anything about it.  We can do the same thing
today with CDs, with incomparably superior levels of fidelity, just as
easily.  How do those filth plan to stop that?

@_date: 2009-09-07 19:14:03
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] decentralizing open source bike production? 
I strongly suspect that these alleged economies of scale result from
myopically focusing on one facet of the total cost package, in total
disregard of all the rest.  The enormous costs from in-process
inventories and warehouses full of finished goods inventory that come
from running the production machines to full capacity to minimize unit
costs for each step, and the cargo ships full of inventory that result
from concentrating production in a handful of offshored facilities,
probably offset the savings from maximizing utilization of individual
machines.  Lean production achieves economies by using less
product-specific machinery, scaled to local markets and with
production geared to demand, even though the unit costs per individual
machine are higher.

@_date: 2009-09-07 19:19:54
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] decentralizing open source bike production? 
Or simply disregard the proprietary companies' patents and build an
open-source bicycle industry through mass customization in localized
small shops.  I.e., build compatible replacement parts (and design
modular accessories) tailored to their proprietary platforms.  Just
make a library of such OS designs freely available on a global level.
 As the cost of small-scale CNC tools continues to implode, backyard
and garage "hobby" metal shops can network on a local level to adopt
modified proprietary designs for their own purposes and disregard the
patents, operating on a small and localized enough scale to be beyond
the corporate producers' radar.

@_date: 2009-09-08 02:53:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the end of sloanism 
What I just published was the entire post.
It was posted to the list as an email a couple weeks ago.  It's
roughly the first half of the post.
Kevin Carson
Center for a Stateless Society Mutualist Blog:  Free Market Anti-Capitalism
Studies in Mutualist Political Economy
Organization Theory:  A Libertarian Perspective

@_date: 2009-09-08 12:54:53
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Statistics on rate of profit? (was: Re: What's 
That was sloppy editing on my part.  I meant to say the rate of growth
in GDP has steadily declined from decade to decade since the 1960s.
It's from Fred Magdoff and John Bellamy Foster, "Financial Implosion
and Stagnation," in December's Monthly Review:

@_date: 2009-09-08 14:31:13
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] never mind policy can filtering technology stop 
I recall a satirical piece at a now-defunct blog, several years ago,
that deserved to be in The Onion.  Orrin Hatch was sponsoring
legislation that would mandate technology in all hard drives to burn
out the retinas of anyone who looked at pirated content.
I wouldn't be at all surprised if he actually did it--he's one of the
worst Copyright Nazis in
Every time I see one of those CNN bits about the lost culture of
agreeableness and courliness in the Senate, he's featured as one of
the old-time "Mr. Nice Guys" that people in both parties just love to
pieces.  As for me, I'd like to give him a bicycle chain across the
eyes and curb-stomp him (Disclaimer for jackboots--I have no intention
of doing so, and do not solicit anyone else to do so).

@_date: 2009-09-12 20:08:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Help! I'm being copyright trolled! 
Anyone have any legal knowledge that might be useful to me here?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Your book Organization Theory uses a picture of a guy with his head up
his butt,
That image and all copyrights as well as royalities and money earned
thru the use of this image is owned by my company, Herb Davidson &
Company Inc.
This image was registered thru the copyright office in 1996.
I would like to discuss the avenue at this point we need to proceed to
get compensation for the use of our image withour our permission
Roy Davidson
Davidson & Company

@_date: 2009-09-14 19:07:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Revisiting The Replicator Analogy: How Infinite 
I strongly agree that this would make life better for most people, but
I doubt that it would increase jobs.  Jobs, really, are just a means
to an end.  The point of the job is consumption.  I think abundance
will reduce the amount of total consumption needs that must be paid
for through work at "jobs."

@_date: 2009-09-14 20:39:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Low-Overhead Desktop Micropublisher 
Well, I'd like to see the collapsing cost of capital outlays for
entering the desktop publishing market lead to the destruction of the
old corporate publishing industry, the combination of affordable
desktop sound editing technology and filesharing destroy the corporate
music industry, etc.
Here's a post on a micropublisher who seems to have a viable business
model based on a few hundred $$ worth of equipment:
Getting back to all the points Rushkoff raised about the tech industry
destroying the California economy, when the capital outlays for
entering the publishing industry fall by two orders of magnitude, what
are the venture capitalists going to do with all that money nobody
needs?  Especially when all the bubbles they used to invest their
suplus capital in have collapsed?

@_date: 2009-09-16 01:09:07
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mass production and p2p production, 
I'm not a tech guy at all, but based on my layman's reading of a lot
of industrial history I think it's important to stress that the
boundary between "mass production" and small-scale craft production is
extremely permeable.
Factory production, as such, is not necessarily mass production by any means.
A great deal of factory production, and a rapidly increasing share of
it, uses what are essentially craft methods (the use of
general-purpose tools that can be quickly switched from one product to
another), that are scalable to a wide range.  The Toyota Production
System is, in many ways, a sort of Craft Production 2.0, even though
it takes place in a factory.  And it's even more true of the small
factories of the Third Italy.
It's interesting that some of the most productivity-enhancing
innovations of mass production could also have been used almost as
well in craft production.  For example, Henry Ford was able to
introduce fully interchangeable parts only when machining technology
made it possible to cut hardened steel, so there was no longer a need
for fitters (who accounted for the overwhelming bulk of labor time,
turning even Ford's "factory"  production into glorified custom
building).  But the full realization of the principle of
interchangeable parts could be taken advantage of just as well in a
craft shop like those of Emilia-Romagna, and was in fact a
prerequisite of the kind of modular design that open hardware relies
so heavily on.  In fact it was the adoption of machinery that could
cut hardened steel, and the elimination of fitters, that introduced
most of the labor-time efficiencies of the Model T, before Ford even
introduced the assembly line.  And Taichi Ohno's radical reduction in
setup time removed the other barrier to craft production.  So for a
very wide range of products, technological advances have made it
possible for even fairly small shops to be "factories."

@_date: 2009-09-17 07:13:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homemade Submarine 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: The Homemade Submarine
via Reason Magazine - Hit & Run by jwalker at reason.com (Jesse Walker) on
With some old oil barrels and a budget of $4,385, a Beijing man creates
the coolest DIY project I've seen in a long time:
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Reason Magazine - Hit & Run using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-20 02:47:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] good summary of anti-transition hypothesis 
It's interesting how the worst Peak Oil doomers and apologists for the
current model of industrial capitalism share the same mirror-image
assumption:  high rates of fossil fuel consumption are necessary  for
our current material standard of living, and there is no way of
producing materially the same level of consumption outputs with lower
levels of energy input.  Prosperity and "progress" are DEFINED in
terms of how much energy is consumed.

@_date: 2009-09-20 12:38:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: modular p2p architecture, from eric hunting 
Interesting.  It does sound like a racket, but it could be technically
compatible with open-source if there are no legal restrictions on the
free dissemination of the documentation once it's purchased.

@_date: 2009-09-20 13:06:03
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NATO proposes new era of cooperation with Russia 
I hope it's also evidence the global "hyperpower" is beginning to
retrench from its previous overextension, and countries around the
world are adjusting to the new realities.  We've already seen Latin
America swept by independent movements not under Washington's thumbs,
for the first time in many decades, and Washington powerless to stop
it because it was tied down on the other side of the world.  One
continent down, five to go.

@_date: 2009-09-22 03:53:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pet Ownership (was: Cybernetics the missing 
Once the person, family,
In my experience this is how it already works with cats.  Every cat
I've ever had started out being fed, on a casual basis, by several
people in the neighborhood, and then gravitated toward the place where
the chow (and perhaps the companionship?) was best.

@_date: 2009-09-24 20:20:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 300% growth in subscriber base of p2p-foundation 
Does that include feed subscriptions, or just hits at the blog URL?

@_date: 2009-09-25 00:35:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] good summary of anti-transition hypothesis 
There's also the anecdote from one of those '80s books on the USSR
(either Hedrick Smith's or David Shipler's), about the train carrying
steel beams from Moscow to Leningrad meeting the trainload of
identical beams headed from Leningrad to Moscow.  The author meant it
as a humorous illustration of the irrationalities of the Soviet
planned economy, but I imagine you could find fodder for an almost
identical anecdote in the U.S. subsituting semi trucks for trains.

@_date: 2009-09-26 01:23:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "Networking in Everyday Life" - information 
That's exactly my own approach.  I still refuse to own a cell phone.
I think telephony reached its zenith with the land line phone with
answering machine attached:  I can simply refuse to answer the phone
when I don't feel like talking to people, and answer messages when I
feel like getting around to it, without ever being interrupted by
having to communicate in real-time when it's inconvenient.  For the
same reason, I don't do texting or IM.  Email is ideal, because you
can respond to it on your own schedule without having to deal with
constant interruptions.  I'm still astonished to see half the people
walking down the sidewalk or down the aisles of the supermarket
talking on the phone; I always wonder when they ever have time to

@_date: 2009-09-26 01:32:54
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us by Ralph Nader 
His latest book,
In reality, I suspect any such reform carried out by the super-rich
would be reminiscent of Tolstoy's "Parable."  In that story, a humane
farmer built larger and more comfortable stalls for his cattle, piped
in music, provided plenty of the best food, and built an enlarged yard
for them to exercise in.  When someone asked why he didn't just tear
the fence down and set them free, if he was so concerned for their
welfare, he said  "But then I couldn't milk them."
I don't doubt that a reform carried out by the "progressive"
super-rich would make the system more humane;  the last such reform
the super-rich carried out in the New Deal certainly did so.  But the
super-rich are probably also thinking, at least on some level, that
treating us more humanely gets them more milk in the long run.

@_date: 2009-09-26 13:40:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Helping the Helpless (formerly: Only the 
That's a good point.  But it's worth bearing in mind that humanity has
arguably suffered some intelligence loss from "domestication," albeit
to a lesser extent than other species.  I recall seeing some articles
linked at Reason Hit & Run blog.  One of them showed that the typical
brain size of domesticated animals was smaller than that of their wild
ancestors, and argued there was probably selection in favor of
docility and lower intelligence in order to make them easier to
control and exploit.  It's pretty widely believed, for example, that
the main difference between the wolf and the dog is that the latter
has had its alpha male behavior systematically bred out of it, so that
wild dogs don't form packs nearly as effectively as wolves.
Interestingly, the other article claimed that average human brain size
was smaller among peasants and townspeople since the agricultural
revolution than for hunter-gatherers.  Since the rise of the first
states, there's been pretty systematic weeding out of humans who
resented being "milked" enough to resist the landlord and tax
collector, and selection in favor of those who handed over their
surplus without too much bleating or mooing.

@_date: 2009-09-28 12:32:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us by Ralph Nader 
I also enjoyed Fussell's book.  His comparison between the super-rich
and the proles was a good one:  both were largely free of the Middles'
obsession with status and respectability, and much more likely to do
what they felt like doing and tell anyone who didn't like it to "get
out of my goddamned house."
But I found Fussell's lionization of Class X a bit surprising, since
he seems to be such a typical managerial liberal in so many regards.
In B.A.D., he displays a real animus for the DIY movement, and
dismisses anything not done by "professionals" as shoddy.  Aside from
the Class X anomaly, he reminds me of one of the liberals who're
always writing irate columns at the NYT about how awful those
irresponsible bloggers are.

@_date: 2009-09-30 01:15:58
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homebrew Industrial Revolution 
My latest research paper at Center for a Stateless Society:

@_date: 2010-04-01 22:26:16
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the salinas coop in ecuador, 
Excellent story.  I'll see if I can come up with a post on it.

@_date: 2010-04-08 15:25:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Re(interest, 
On Wed, Mar 31, 2010 at 7:45 AM, Andreas Exner  However, when I am talking about "the secondary nature
The argument is that the more expensive independent access to credit
is for laborers, the more of a bargaining advantage they're placed at
vis a vis employers.  The cheaper independent access to credit is, the
more alternatives labor has for self-employment, and the more the
labor market becomes a sellers' market rather than a buyer's market.

@_date: 2010-04-10 13:44:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] article: Markets vs Free Markets by Center for a 
Actually, everything published at C4SS is for free distribution under
a CC license--it's meant to be syndicated by anyone who wants to
republish it,  without restriction.

@_date: 2010-04-15 20:00:27
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Homebrew Industrial Revolution manuscript updated 
Most of the chapters from Three to Seven have some additional
material.  The subsections of Chapter Six on Community Bootstrapping
and Chapter Seven on the Stigmergic Non-Revolution are mostly new.

@_date: 2010-04-17 12:33:48
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Fwd: article: Markets vs Free 
On Tue, Apr 13, 2010 at 2:31 PM, Brigitte Kratzwald
 > 1.They say: ?The only alternative to a market is to have rationing by
 > command.? It is exactly this argument that kills any discussion by
 > reducing it to this either-or-position. There are a lot of possibilities
 > in between, one of them, also I wouldn't favour it so much, is the
 > Keynesian Welfare State. And another one, I favour much more, is
 > commoning, the democratic, need-oriented control of production by all
 > people concerned.
Well, I would argue that Keynesianism itself is not a response to
problems that emerged from a genuine free market, but rather to a
maldistribution of purchasing power itself caused by a sort of
"rationing by command":  namely reduced wages from the reduced
bargaining power of labor, and increased rents to the propertied
classes resulting from artificial scarcities and artificial scarcity.
When such artificial scarcity rents polarize income, economies are
destabilized in the ways described by underconsumptionist theories
like those of J.A. Hobson and Keynes.  And there are only two possible
responses:  either to partially correct the maldistribution of
purchasing power through redistributive measures and aggregate demand
stimulus, or to remove the artificial property rights.
The sale of labor-power and buying and selling of goods on the market
are two separate issues.  It's possible to have a market economy where
cooperatively organized production predominates.  And I'm pretty sure,
given past feedback from Anna Morgenstern, that she would argue that
wage labor would be less common (and better paid where it exists) if
the effects of artificial property rights on the bargaining power of
labor were removed.  Also, most left-wing market anarchists like me
and Morgenstern define a "market" to include all non-coercive economic
transactions between consenting individuals--including gift economies,
communalism, etc.  So market anarchism would be fully consistent with
the decentralized production of a majority of needs in the
informal/household economy.
I think it's quite likely.  I don't think it would be possible to
amass fortunes in the hundreds of millions, or billions of dollars,
absent artificial property rights and artificial scarcity rents.  And
the threshold of comfortable subsistence, given the removal of all
forms of mandated artificial overhead cost of everyday living (as Paul
Goodman put it, there's a 300% or 400% markup in the cost of doing
anything, and decent poverty becomes impossible), would be much lower.
 The largest concentrations of wealth that could be achieved by
genuine effort and entrepreneurship would probably be in the low
millions of dollars, because the reward for innovation would result
entirely from first-mover advantages rather than entry barriers
enabling the innovator to live forever off the rents of one-hit
wonders.  So a genuine market society, without entry barriers and
artificial scarcity rents, would probably have a distribution of
wealth ranging from large pebbles to small rocks, instead of--as at
present--boulders to dust.
Commons are a fully legitimate form of property even in a society with
free market exchange.  There's no more incompatibility between a
market and democratically regulated common property than there is
between a market and non-monetized relations within a household.
The market, as such, does not presuppose any particular theory of
property rights.  Property rights rules should be defined, IMO, so as
to internalize as many costs as possible and minimize externalities.
Also, the traditional common law of public and private nuisance should
be restored to its full vigor, as it existed before American state
courts in the mid-19th century rendered it more "commerce-friendly."
To a large extent, the dumbed-down standards of the regulatory state
have preempted far more stringent tort liability standards.  For
example, I'd like to see the price of oil reflect tort damages for the
effect of land subsidence in the Gulf coast region in contributing to
hurricane damage.  I'd also like to see oil tankers pay the full price
of maintaining the security of sea lanes, instead of externalizing it
on the Navy.  I'd like to see the coal mining companies subject to
tort action for the full effects of mountaintop removal in destroying
entire watersheds.

@_date: 2010-04-18 13:08:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The mystery of capitalism 
Speaking of "ideological fixtures," how about the idea that what Adam
Smith described has anything at all to do with the corporate
capitalism we know?
My own anti-capitalism view entails judging corporate capitalism
according to the principles of Adam Smith.  To make the corporate
capitalism dominating the global economy today into a "story" of Adam
Smith's butcher and baker, is like Stalin making the bureaucratic
oligarchy of the USSR into a "story" of Marx's "associated producers."

@_date: 2010-04-18 18:59:23
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
In any case, such a new technology could only save capitalism if it
were possible to capitalize the increased productivity as a source of
rents.  The whole idea of cognitive capitalism was to capitalize
"intellect" as a source of rent, but that's hit the wall of the
growing unenforceability of "intellectual property."
Never mind Linux; Windows' real competitor is web-based and
browser-based software.  And although Google has been able to
capitalize on that as a source of revenue stream, it will probably be
far smaller than the revenue stream it's destroying.  Traditional
encyclopedias had their revenues decimated by Encarta, which in turn
was destroyed by Wikipedia.  File-sharing is seriously hurting
recording industry profit margins, and ditto aggregators the dead tree
It's plausible that the much smaller pie might still be sufficient to
support actual reporters, recording artists, etc., if it were all
equitably distributed among the producers and none of it went to the
record companies or media conglomerates.  But that's not exactly
capitalism, is it?
I think the most exciting forms of new physical production, like
micromanufacturing, will have a similar effect on revenue streams.
Patents are a lot more costly and unprofitable to enforce, the smaller
the batch size and market become.

@_date: 2010-04-18 19:02:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] US Social Forum ? 
Come to think of it, it seems to me that the P2P Foundation might be
interested in being a member-organization of SEN.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
 > will anyone from the open manufacturing community be attending the US Social
 > Forum ?
 >
 > we are writing proposals some workshops now and would appreciate input
 >
 >  >  >
In a related matter, is anyone from the P2P Foundation, or the
 micromanufacturing/hackerspace/Fab Lab movement represented in the
 Solidarity Economy Network?
  --
Kevin Carson
 Center for a Stateless Society  Mutualist Blog:  Free Market Anti-Capitalism
  The Homebrew Industrial Revolution:  A Low-Overhead Manifesto
  Organization Theory:  A Libertarian Perspective

@_date: 2010-04-19 12:34:35
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] US Social Forum ? 
Here is a current list of member-organizations:
And here is the sign-up page for organizational membership.  I'm not
sure what P2P Foundation's physical address is, or whether it would
count as a U.S. based organization.
The sliding scale of dues for organizational membership is $100-250,
and I suspect P2P Foundation's income would put it at the low end of
that.  If everyone agrees on the $100 dues, I'd be happy to contribute
toward it.  I don't see any specific requirements for attending

@_date: 2010-04-19 15:54:58
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] US Social Forum ? 
No, I've got family circumstances that prevent me from traveling.

@_date: 2010-04-20 12:31:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] US Social Forum ? 
Heh.  Right now Iceland looks like a good place to charter a
p2p-related organization.  It would be nice if some country emerged as
the Delaware or New Jersey of the file-sharing movement.
Looks like P2P Foundation probably doesn't qualify as a U.S.-based
member organization.

@_date: 2010-04-21 03:13:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Hitler "Downfall" video meme is DMCA'd 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Hitler "Downfall" video
meme is DMCA'd via Boing Boing by Xeni Jardin on 4/20/10
Copyright claims against various Hitler "Downfall" parody videos have
resulted in the removal of these videos from YouTube. The DMCA claimant
is Constantin Films, the German production company which owns rights to
the 2004 film Der Untergang ("Downfall"), from which the source video
is excerpted. Boy, is Hitler ever gonna be pissed.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-22 12:25:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Would like to start a dialouge with you and seek 
Nice to hear from you, Richard.  Thanks for the kind words.  I can't
write a line of code and my "shop skills" consist of occasionally
being able to drive a nail in straight, but the one thing I think I'm
good at is finding and correlating patterns in ideas/events.
It's excellent to know there's someone on the ground in Cleveland
involved in the local economic democracy and cooperative initiatives,
who's also been involved in so much open manufacturing stuff.
I'm not sure how much help I can be, since (as I mentioned) my shop
and software skills are nil and I have no organizational talent at
all.  My main goal in writing the post at P2P Blog was to make the two
sides (the Cleveland cooperative folks and the P2P/Open Manufacturing
folks) aware of each other's existence and maybe foster some links
between them.  The fact that there's someone on Cleveland who's
invovled in both is very heartening.  It's also good that you've
worked with Sam Rose.  Just off the top of my head, I would suggest
subscribing to the P2P Foundation email list and the Open
Manufacturing list at Google Groups, if you're not already a member.
I'm not sure how much contact or input you have with the Democracy
Collaborative or Community-Wealth or any of the other official bodies,
but it would be interesting to see the results if some organization
like OSE, the Austin Fab Lab people, a nearby hackerspace, or
100kGarages approached them officially,  organization to organization.
 Also if you know anyone with a ShopBot or other tools currently being
accepted into the 100kGarages network, they might make some overtures.
FWIW, given that I'm completely out of touch with the situation on the
ground, it seems to me that anything that can spur
organization-to-organization contacts and increase the visibility of
the micromanufacturing movement to those in the upper  levels of the
Cleveland initiatives would be very imporant.
I'm cc'ing this  to both lists in hopes someone closer to the center
of things can help.

@_date: 2010-04-22 13:51:56
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A revision of some of the previous statements 
One of the problems with a certain segment of liberal/progressive
thought is that it's so Schumpeterian.  By that I'm referring to
Schumpeter's argument that only big business could afford to be
innovative, because it had the market power to administer prices and
charge a price greater than marginal costs, in order to recoup outlays
for R&D.
A certain kind of liberal, likewise, tends to believe that only large
bureaucratic organizations can afford to be "progressive," and to
distrust any alternative to conventional managerial-professional ways
of doing things.  In general, it means there's always a danger of
their supporting organizations that are conventional in all regards
except for cooperative ownership:  Taylorist/Weberian work rules,
mission statements, high overhead and cost-plus markup, and all the
rest of it.
That's why you see people like Jaron Lanier and Chris Hedges who think
it's "progressive" to defend "intellectual property rights" against
Internet culture, and people like Michael Moore who think it's great
for GM to own half the economy so long as its workers have lifetime
job guarantees with union wages. (The same people instinctively react
to garage factories as "sweatshops" and see any kind of decentralist
alternative to the centralized corporate-state nexus as just another
version of neoliberalism in sheep's clothing.)  They tend to favor a
"regulated utility" model where a handful of giant organizations are
guaranteed reasonable profits, and in return take good care of their
serfs.  In the cultural realm, that means a fear of network culture
and a nostalgia for the days when a handful of gatekeeper corporations
controlled all information (but were regulated by the Fairness
Again, I can't recommend strongly enough that you join the P2P and
Open Manufacturing lists I sent links to.  That will put you in touch
with people much closer to the center of things in the
micromanufacturing world than I am, and perhaps people close to the
center of organizations that are visible enough to approach the
Cleveland people on an org-to-org level and catch their attention.
Again, I'm cc'ing to the lists.

@_date: 2010-04-23 13:34:04
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] self-learning art school 
Thanks, Michel.  I'm in the process of working up a rather long review
of Daniel Suarez's two novels and polishing up the Homebrew ms, so I'm
kind of swamped right now.  Maybe Ryan would be interested in doing
this, since unconventional/networked education is a special interest
of his.

@_date: 2010-04-25 18:13:09
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] self-learning art school 
I would certainly suggest nothing of the sort.  If your views are
softer on IP than the "typical" member of the P2P/OS community,
they're entirely consistent with a broad understanding of the
movement's values and are no doubt shared by many.  You've made
well-argued and provocative cases for how open-source will evolve
within capitalism through competitive superiority even if IP is
respected.   We've both stated our areas of disagreement quite
forcefully, but also civilly I hope.
And on networked/open education initiatives, you're pretty much the
on-list specialist.
I hope there's no party line here.

@_date: 2010-04-25 20:10:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The "Free Market" requires scarcity 
Possibly--if all other variables were held constant.  But what are
some of those variables?
Are there, for example, market entry barriers making it artificially
difficult for just anyone to start raising cattle and selling milk,
without some sort of government certification, or some sort of
expensive government inspection or licensing fees that limit the
number of people competing in the market?
Might some of the problem be overproduction for large, anonymous
commodity markets in which production is divorced from demand and
organized on a supply-push model, instead of being geared to local
demand?  Might some of it be, as Chris suggested, the market power of
middlemen who drive down the price primary producers can receive for
their commodities, to the point where they can only be sold at a loss?
I don't think there's any confusion about the fact that people in
business *want* to make money.  What they want to do and how they want
to do it, and what they're *able* to do, though, are two different
things.  I think there may be some fundamental confusion here about
what makes them able to do it.  Destroying product in order to reduce
supply and drive up the price is just great--if you can stop anyone
from entering the market and selling for closer to production cost and
undercutting you.  If there's no restriction on access to the dairy
market or on permission to produce milk, pouring milk down the sewer
would be a pretty stupid thing to do.
On the other hand, we may be fundamentally confused on what being a
consumer is all about.  Wal-Mart is flooded with customers seeking the
lowest possible dirt-cheap price on everything, even if it's produced
by Chinese slave labor (and lots of people who shop for nannies and
gardeners from foreign countries who will work without FICA payments).
 How would that change if customers owned the sweatshops?
If there's a conflict of interest between workers and consumers, why
won't it work both ways?  Isn't it just as much in the interest of
consumers to get workers to work for as little as possible?  Most
people are both wage-workers and consumers, so it's hard to imagine
them going from being total utility-maximizing, price-gouging
shitheels as producers, and then transforming into Gandhi or Mother
Theresa as consumer-owners.
I repeat, consumer sovereignty is great for the portion of the day
that you're a consumer.  But for the portion of your life that you
punch a time-clock and become a serf, it's not so great.  The greatest
source of misery in many people's lives is the hours they're working
under the orders and direction of someone else.

@_date: 2010-04-25 23:49:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The "Free Market" requires scarcity 
I actually think consumer cooperation might play a significant role in
the larger alternative economy movement, and as a building block in
the post-capitalist economy.  I just don't see the producer-consumer
distinction as that central.  For me, the important thing is the
liberatory effects of imploding capital costs for physical production,
imploding transaction costs resulting from network culture, increased
economic independence of households and individuals, and the closer
gearing of production to consumption in relocalized economies.  And
the style of organization (the organizational style of Paul Goodman
and Colin Ward, vs. that of the Ministry of Central Services in
Brazil) is far more important than who formally owns the organization.
 I suspect the milk-dumping incident Patrick points to has more to do
with market structure, production scale and organizational style than
anything else.

@_date: 2010-04-28 00:45:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The "fair use economy" is enormous, growing, 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: The "fair use economy"
is enormous, growing, and endangered by the relatively tiny
entertainment industry via Boing Boing by Cory Doctorow on 4/27/10
The IT industry's US lobby group has released a report calculating the
size of the "fair use economy" in the US -- all the businesses that
rely on fair use, including web hosting companies, private schools,
search engines and many others. The total for 2007 (the last year for
which stats are available) is a whopping $4.7 trillion -- one sixth of
US GDP -- with over 17 million people employed.
The report is a counterpoint to those crazy Hollywood stats that show
that every job in America will disappear unless copyright is extended
to infinity, all network connections are surveilled, and every
infringer is fined her entire net worth and stuck in jail.
Industries benefiting from fair use have grown dramatically within the
past 20 years, and their growth has had a profound impact on the U.S.
economy.8 The development and spread of the Internet as a medium for
both business and personal use has been creative and transforma- tive.
The creation of new businesses (e.g., Google and Amazon) and business
activities has in turn fueled demand from other sectors of the U.S.
economy (e.g., fiber optics, routers and consumer electronics) and
transformed a host of business processes (e.g., communications and
The advent of the Internet and networking technology also has been
widely credited with reviving U.S. productivity growth after
two-decades of below-trend productivity.9 As higher productivity is an
important source of income to labor and capital resources, the "new
economy" has helped spur overall growth and offset structural declines
in other sectors of the economy.
FAIR USE IN THE U.S. ECONOMY (PDF) (Thanks, Ryan!) Previously:
- Fair use industries returned $4.5 trillion to the US in 2006 ...
- India's copyright bill gets it right
- Surowiecki on the "anticommons problem" -- The Gridlock Economy ...
- US makes Korea eliminate fair use
- US Copyright Czar wants your thoughts on how to measure and
reduce ...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-28 11:35:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pay-it-forward Mutuals and Cooperatives 
I don't really know much in the way of statistical info, but my
impression is that credit unions, insurance companies with "mutual" in
the name, and consumer retail co-ops like farmer cooperatives and
natural food stores are the overwhelming bulk of cooperatives.  I'm
not sure how prevalent CSA efforts are, but I hope they're spreading
rapidly.  Unfortunately the most predominant forms of cooperative,
like credit unions, are also the most subject to "capitalist drift" in
abandoning any active programmatic support for the cooperative
principle.  The natural foods co-op I belong to has a mission
statement, which tells me more than I want to know about the extent to
which they've adopted conventional business culture.  I'd also like to
see consumer co-ops take on more of a stakeholder cooperative model,
with representatives of the work force on the board alongside
member-owners (just as I'd like to see customer and community
representatives participating in the governance of worker co-ops).

@_date: 2010-04-29 12:52:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concerning wikiworld and its use of socialist 
It seems to me that a lot of the juxtapositions of "individual
authorial voice" and the "collective," in critiques of "Digital
communism/Maoism" like those of Lanier, Helprin, etc., miss the point.
The Web is not "collective" in the traditional sense of the
term--i.e., as it was understood in the days before networked
organization, when "collective" action could be taken only through
large institutions representing some collective of human beings and
coordinated by a hierarchy, in which each individual's freedom of
initiative was limited by the coordination of a central authority.
It is stigmergic, which synthesizes the highest development of  both
the collective and individualism.  It maximizes the efficiency of
collective action by removing the transaction costs of voluntary
cooperation.  But at the same time, it is entirely a sum total of free
individual actions, taken by individuals on their own initiative and
without anyone else's permission.  The sum total effect is created by
individuals coordinating their own unconstrained actions with the
common goal as they understand it.
Under stigmergic organization, any individual can formulate any
individual innovation he sees fit, and make it universally available,
and any other individual or group of individuals can adopt it as they
see fit.  If there is disagreement within a group as to whether or not
to adopt it, they can fork and replicate two different versions of the
same project.  Every single "collective" is the product of the
unanimous agreement of the individuals making it up.  And every single
contribution is modular, to be adopted or not adopted by unanimous
consent in every discrete grouping out there.
So stigmergy is the highest realization of both individualism and
collectivism, without either diminishing or qualifying the other in
any way.

@_date: 2010-04-30 11:57:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concerning wikiworld and its use of socialist 
Thanks for posting my comments, Michel, and also for the links to Mark
Elliot.  I'll download his papers and print them out on my next day

@_date: 2010-04-30 12:38:23
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concerning wikiworld and its use of socialist 
I can think of three aspects of P2P that might be relevant to
traditional Marxian ideas of "communism."
The first is stigmergic organization, which I mentioned earlier in
this thread, as a way of removing the transaction costs of collective
action and permitting collective action to emerge as the sum total of
free individual actions without having to be coordinated by large,
hierarchical institutions.
The second is the realm of non-rival goods with zero marginal
reproduction cost, specifically digital information.  This is an
example of the law of value being superceded, in Marx's terminology,
as well as of what the Austrians mean by non-economic goods.
The third, which might also be treated as a weaker subcategory of the
second, is the cheapening of producer goods in the physical realm.
The effect is to drastically lower the capital outlays and overhead
cost of production; make productive organizations smaller, more
decentralized and more resilient; and to blur the boundaries between
being a worker and owner that originally came about because of the
high cost of producer goods in the Industrial Revolution.  Because
expensive product-specific machines are being progressively replaced
with cheap general-purpose tools affordable by individuals and small
groups, and because the overhead cost from capital amortization to be
serviced is imploding, we'll see a shift toward networked production
model in which there's little cost to being out of the market for
extended periods waiting for new projects, and the
employment-vs-unemployment dichotomy will be replaced with constant
shifting of free agents between networked projects (something like
what Piore and Sabel, in The Second Industrial Divide, described for
the construction and clothing industries).   In this area, short of a
nanotech revolution in the indeterminate future, I don't see the law
of value or market exchange being superceded.  But least it's a move
in the direction of Free.  As Chris Anderson put it, "Atoms also want
to be free--they're just not as pushy about it."

@_date: 2010-04-30 13:50:03
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
I think here you may be conflating two different exoduses (exodi?).
The free towns themselves, which marked the high point of the medieval
system, were established largely by runaway serfs, and formed around
the nuclei of large strategically situated villages at major
crossroads, fords, etc.  The shift to capitalist employment, I think,
was associated with the later alliance between absolute monarchs and
the plutocracy, and involved the suppression of the free towns.
So the founding of the original free towns and guild systems by exodus
from the countryside, and the employment of refugees from the
countryside in proto-capitalist shops outside the guild system, were
two separate phases.
I'm basing this largely on my memory of Kropotkin's account in The
State and Mutual Aid.

@_date: 2010-04-30 13:53:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
============================== START ==============================
I think the third exodus Michel describes is an exodus with the others
mainly by way of analogy.  He doesn't mean it as a physical exodus in
the same sense as the two previous ones, but rather a dropping out in
place that's fully compatible with urban residence.  It takes the
primary form of dropping out, completely or partially, from wage
employment.  It's what James O'Connor described as "conserving
labour-power" in Accumulation Crisis, as workers shifted to shorter
hours and produced a greater share of total consumption value in the
informal sector.  A good example might be the creation of Web 2.0 by
unemployed tech workers following the collapse of the Tech Boom.

@_date: 2010-08-03 23:23:25
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is peer production a real mode of production? 
What do you mean by a half-wave:  a smaller wave of capital
investment, in monetary terms, than those of the past?
I agree that peer production needs to reproduce itself, but I question
whether it can do so in a way that's compatible with Kondratiev waves
or Gordon's social structures of accumulation, because new
technologies have the novel effect of making large quantities of
capital superfluous in ways that suggest future economic models won't
serve as large-scale investment sinks.

@_date: 2010-08-05 12:48:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] kevin's new book 
Thanks, Michel.  I'll put it on the list.  I'm not planning to write
any books on a macroeconomic topic -- I think I summed up my
conclusions in Ch. 3 of Homebrew Industrial Revolution.  But it's an
interesting subject.  I'll have to see what he means by "renewingi the
industrial base."  To me, one of the most important things about the
current technological revolution is that it renders conventional ideas
of "rebuilding the industrial base" irrelevant--most of the existing
industrial base will simply rust as production is relocalized.

@_date: 2010-08-05 13:12:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] very important debate on the ethics of free 
Interesting that he thinks borrowing a hard copy from a library is OK,
but downloading a copy -- even though the economic effect is precisely
the same -- is not.

@_date: 2010-08-05 13:36:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is peer production a real mode of production? 
Thanks for clarifying.
Possibly.  I just don't think it can absorb anywhere near the levels
of investment capital required to overcome monopoly capital's tendency
toward overaccumulation and excess surplus creation.
The whole setup seems designed as an uber-Hamiltonian project to
prevent deleveraging and keep asset prices inflated at taxpayer

@_date: 2010-08-05 15:03:23
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I just can't see the moral equivalency (as just a difference of degree
in a qualitatively similar phenomenon) between the permanent
alienation of agency involved in a slavery contract and a revocable
agreement to show up and take direction from someone else at specified
I agree with Ellerman that wage labor is undesirable, all other things
being equal.  But I can't consider it as morally equivalent to slave
I also think Ellerman makes some good arguments regarding the
inalienability of moral agency.  But in my opinion they're mainly
practical arguments for why the wage relation is an inefficient way of
organizing production, and why hierarchies with top-down authority
relations have all sorts of agency and incentive problems.
Absent structural conditions that make wage labor artificially
prevalent, I believe these agency problems would cause self-employment
and cooperative organization to be more common.
So my approach is to remove the structural conditions that make wage
labor artificially prevalent, and to increase the bargaining power of
labor so that wage labor has less of a "master-servant" character
where it exists.  Or to paraphrase Clinton abortion, to make wage
labor "safe, legal, and rare."

@_date: 2010-08-05 15:07:16
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] kevin's new book 
On further reflection, this is outside the scope of anything I'm
currently researching, and I just really, really can't juggle any more
deadlines.  I'm falling further and further behind on stuff I've
already agreed to do.  Most of the time, I really do better on
self-selected stuff that I already feel motivated enough about to
write on.

@_date: 2010-08-05 15:27:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In Defense of Worker Ownership 
Among other things, the sense of psychic reward that comes from
directing your own work and not feeling like a poor relation on
someone else's property.  Avoiding the feeling that causes me to
repart the mantra "God damn this place to hell.  God damn this place
to hell"  about ten thousand times every fucking day that I've ever
punched a time clock.  Avoiding the feeling of cutting loose your
independent judgment, values, and preferences along with an eight-hour
chunk of your time, and flushing them down the toilet.  The
satisfaction of knowing that you're in your own place, organizing your
own time, without a boss.
I would say that you keep framing this in terms of "allowing" and
"forcing," but you've never justified it logically.  Nobody can force
anybody to do anything, so long as market entry is free.
In all these dicussions, I think you've been missing a central point:
a lot of people would *like* to charge all sorts of rents, if they
could get away with it.  There's a big difference between wanting to
do something, though, and being able to do it.  And it's the existence
of unfettered competition and free market entry that makes the
difference in whether someone can do it.
I'd like to set up a lemonade stand and charge $1000 a glass.  And I'm
"allowed" to do so.  But if I can't prevent someone else from opening
a competing stand and selling the lemonade for the cost of ingredients
plus a reasonable compensation for their time, I'll have a hard time
"forcing" people to buy it at my price.
Of course.
Of course.  And if the low cost of machinery makes self-employment a
viable option, so that self-employment competes with wage labor, then
consumers will be "forced" to "allow" that--in other words, they won't
be allowed to prohibit market entry.
The same way anyone, in a market without restraints on competition,
protects himself from anything:  by competing.  If workers can't
compete in value-added and price, then automation works.  If
automation can't compete in value-added and price, then it doesn't.
How, exactly, do you see consumers as being "forced" to do this?  I
don't think Michel has suggested criminalizing the consumer co-op
organization, or preventing consumers from buying an orchard and
automating the picking of their own fruit.  You don't seem to be very
clear on how you think people are "forced" to pay an above-cost price,
or how consumers aren't being "allowed" to do this or that thing.

@_date: 2010-08-06 12:12:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
True.  But the lower the cost of the means of production, the less
onerous market dependency becomes.  The lower the cost of the means of
production, the less overhead there is to service, which means the
revenue stream required to avoid going in a hole dwindles to nothing,
and revenue becomes free and clear.  Not only the revolution in
low-cost tools, but the effect of the network revolution in destroying
overhead that comes from the transaction costs of administration and
coordination, are reversing the main cause that brought about
large-scale factory production and the wage system in the first place.
That's not to say that a worker can reliably support himself through
self-employment alone, without fear of periods of slow business.  But
it means he can incrementally shift a portion of his labor to
self-employment while keeping the day job at reduced hours, without
undertaking any significant debt or incurring major costs that require
steady business to service.

@_date: 2010-08-08 12:05:20
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
The individualist anarchists in America (and Hodgskin in England, who
was something of a kindred spirit) were socialists who also took the
ultra-individualist stance you describe.  Their position was that the
important thing was to remove monopoly rents on land and capital, and
then let free individuals cooperate (or not) as they saw fit.  Josiah
Warren, in particular, the ancestor of the American individualist
movement, had a temperamental aversion to all forms of cooperation
that didn't involve completely severable interests (e.g., he thought
that in cooperative production each separate piece of machinery should
be owned by one and only one person, with no joint shares in

@_date: 2010-08-10 15:16:49
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] post-scarcity critique of marxism 
As I understand it, Marxism presupposes a model of "abundance" based
on the high productivity of capital-intensive machinery.  The great
expense of the means of production, coupled with tendencies toward
underconsumption in the economy, lead to the periodic destruction of
large amounts of capital.  The solution is to nationalize the
factories and investment, with the giant product-specific machines
churning out shoes or sausages or cars by the tens of millions and
workers picking them up in the people's dispensaries.
Contemporary decentralized models of post-scarcity, OTOH, see the main
destabilizing force as the fact that an economic model based on
investing large amoungs of capital is becoming irrelevant.  Rather
than capital being expensive and inaccessible, and hence a source of
rents, it is cheap and ubiquitous.  Rather than production requiring
enormous capital-intensive machines, the shift is back toward
affordable, high-tech craftsman's tools.
So conventional Marxism takes the logic of mass-production capitalism
to its logical conclusion, with production by One Giant Trust and its
standardized output too cheap to meter.  Modern p2p ideas, OTOH,
undermine the basic logic of mass-production capitalism.

@_date: 2010-08-11 15:45:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
As far as I'm concerned, any P2P Foundation from which Michel has been
removed is not the real P2P Foundation.  It will be an empty husk.
And I will switch all recognition and support to the successor body in
which Michel participates.
I'm not even enough of a techie to understand exactly what's in
dispute.  But the volume of changes, and the drama taking place over
them, remind me of what happened at Open Source Ecology after Inga
showed up.

@_date: 2010-08-12 14:24:59
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
If I understand this correctly, it is completely insidious.  My
consistent response, in the face of arguments from people like Jaron
Lanier and Andrew Keen that network organization destroys "authorial
voice," is that stigmergy preserves the utmost in both individualism
and collective action, without compromising or impairing either.
But if individual voice and temporal/authorial context are obscured by
a schematizing approach and a false unity or objectivity of voice,
this is not true.  IMO the wiki should not attempt to conceal, behind
a false monolith, the fact that it is the composite work of many
individuals with individual viewpoints.
I don't know if the Myers-Briggs typology is relevant here, but it
seems to me that _NTJ types, as opposed to _NTPs, are far more prone
to authoritarian attempts to impose the one correct pattern on other

@_date: 2010-08-13 00:25:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
I agree that the actual text of the page gives no indication that it's
a mere proposal by one individual, who the author is, or that the page
is not an official policy document of the P2P Foundation.
I am aware that it's possible to ascertain the authorship of an edit
or a page by going to History.  But a casual reader should be able to
determine the authorship without having to do this.  I believe anyone
adding text to the Wiki should make it clear, with a byline in the
text itself, where it came from.

@_date: 2010-08-15 01:25:56
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
As I said off-list, I believe Alex's behavior as described by you and
Sam has reached the level of stalkerish harassment, behavior which led
us to ban another member in the past.  If Ryan agrees to it or is
neutral, I will unsubscribe Alex.
Peer groups are self-selected, and "voting someone off the island" is
a legitimate dynamic of peer self-government.  I think this is a
situation that screams for such a solution.

@_date: 2010-08-15 12:26:49
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
Since James has established a clear set of rules for editing other
people's pages on the Wiki, and Alex has a sent conciliatory message
to Michel, I consider the issue to be defused.

@_date: 2010-08-16 13:36:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
Any volunteers?  I don't mind doing the stuff at all, but a second
person would mean fewer and shorter lags between times someone checks
their email to clear moderated messages, approve subscriptions, etc.
It's fairly low-maintenance.  Basically email notices that a new
member's moderated post needs to be cleared (I pretty much
automatically remove the moderate flag as soon as I verify they're not
a spambot or psycho) or a subscription is awaiting approval.  And a
lot of bounce notices that you can delete unread.

@_date: 2010-08-16 22:50:31
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People who cannot escape a system are likely to 
This ties in, more broadly, with assorted theories of authoritarianism
as "ressentiment."  The rage of the oppressed, in classic "if you
can't beat 'em, join 'em" fashion, is redirected against safe targets
like outgroups and rebels against authority; the sense of oppression
is overcome by identifying with the authority figure.

@_date: 2010-08-17 01:02:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
Same here.  It's rather forbidding to imagine that there'd have been
twice as much moderator crap in my mailbox without a co-moderator.

@_date: 2010-08-17 01:15:50
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
That would have probably been a good thing to do, but I'm afraid I
already just unceremoniously added Franco's name to the list of
moderators without removing Ryan's.

@_date: 2010-08-21 12:55:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Alex, I thought the drama with you was over.  I am, quite frankly,
thoroughly sick of it.  I have put you on moderated status.

@_date: 2010-08-22 12:47:27
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the emergence of virtual guilds 
I'll take a look at it.  I'm doing a C4SS paper on labor struggle in a
free market, and have been interested in the French model of
socially-based unions that provide benefits and moral support to
workers in workplaces without union locals.

@_date: 2010-08-23 12:49:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Bradley Manning Support Network - libertarian 
Mike aimed this circular at libertarians, but it strikes me as
something the P2P Foundation/Blog might be interested in endorsing as
an organization.
 ---------- Forwarded message ----------
 From: mike at gogulski.com (Mike Gogulski)
 Date: Sun, Aug 22, 2010 at 7:57 PM
 Subject: Bradley Manning Support Network - libertarian outreach
 Dear libertarian friends,
 For the past couple of months, I?ve been developing the Bradley
 Manning Support Network ( in support of accused
 WikiLeaks whistleblower Pfc. Bradley Manning.
 Reaction thus far has been strong. However, the dedicated folks I?ve
 been privileged to work with the most closely fall largely on the
 traditional ?left? part of the political spectrum. I?d very much like
 to recruit support among libertarian circles as well, which is the
 reason for this letter.
 If you would like to get involved, there are a range of options:
 ?         A personal endorsement, to be published at
  ?         Organizational endorsement from orgs you work with
 ?         Membership on our Advisory Board
 ?         Mention, linkage and interviews for your publication(s)
 ?         Event organization and/or support for our International Days
 of Action, Sept 16-18 (
 as well as elsewhere
 ?         Press release forwarding
 ?         Referral of this message to other similarly-minded
 individuals and organizations
 ?         And so on
 Whatever your level of interest, I would welcome the chance to work
 with you for this cause. I?m happy to provide more information. Please
 get in touch.
 Peace,
 Mike Gogulski
 Bradley Manning Support Network
   mike at gogulski.com
 +421 910 199 253
 Skype: syadasti
 PS: Please don?t ?reply all?! Thanks!

@_date: 2010-08-23 21:06:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I don't know what's wrong with the P2P Blog dashboard, or why it
causes problems for me and nobody else.  But it's a lot more of a
chore to post there because the editing software is so screwed up.
When I make posts at other Wordpress dashboards, like my Homebrew
Industrial Revolution blog or the Center for a Stateless Society,
there's no problem at all with formatting.  But the P2P Dash won't
preserve line breaks in the draft when you publish--paragraphs are
nested right up against each other with no space in between, so it
looks really crowded and messy.  The line/paragraph break formatting
works fine at the other Wordpress dsahboards I use, without a problem.
 But even when I draft a post at one of those dashboards and then copy
and paste the html into the P2P Wordpress text editor, the line breaks
still don't show up.
You may (or may not) have noticed that there's a blank line with a
period on it between every two paragraphs of all the posts I've done
on P2P blog for the past several months.  The only way I can get the
text editor to put space between paragraphs is to hit "return" twice
and then insert a period on the blank line, to keep the formatting
from jamming them together.  As you can imagine, this is extremely
time-consuming and annoying.  Formatting a post for P2P blog so that
it doesn't look like crap can turn into an hours-long job.
Also, the text editor dashboard doesn't load fully or display the
buttons properly.  It's been this way for many months, and it's the
only Wordpress dash that does this for me.

@_date: 2010-08-23 22:35:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
Thanks, Sam.  Is it causing problems for anyone else?

@_date: 2010-08-23 23:16:04
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
OSX 10.4, Firefox
Actually it does the same thing even if I'm pasting in plaintext from
the gmail editor, or I paste in the html code directly from another
Wordpress text editor.  But right now the "visual" tab doesn't even
work on the dashboard!  Back when the "visual" tab did still work,
several months ago, I could compose a text that looked good with
normal breaks in the text editor -- but when I clicked "publish" or
"preview" the posted text was all screwed up with the paragraphs
jammed together.  If you look at the post I did this evening on the
Manning support group, you'll see what I mean.

@_date: 2010-08-26 12:27:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Open Peer Review 
Thanks, Meir.  I'm forwarding this to the P2P email list, because it
seems like a perfect example of the curating functions of the Web at
its best.  Certainly undermines the whole "Library of Babel" critique
of people like Andrew Keen.  I guess the decisive factor will be when
a majority of academicians start paying more attention to such online
reputational systems than to traditional peer review.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Scholars Test Web Alternative to Peer Review
 For professors, publishing in elite journals is an unavoidable part
of  university life. The grueling process of subjecting work to the
up-or-down judgment of credentialed scholarly peers has been a
cornerstone of academic culture since at least the mid-20th century.
 Now some humanities scholars have begun to challenge the monopoly
that  peer review has on admission to career-making journals and, as a
 consequence, to the charmed circle of tenured academe. They argue
that  in an era of digital media there is a better way to assess the
quality  of work. Instead of relying on a few experts selected by
leading  publications, they advocate using the Internet to expose
scholarly  thinking to the swift collective judgment of a much broader
interested  audience.
 ?What we?re experiencing now is the most important transformation in
our  reading and writing tools since the invention of movable type,?
said  Katherine Rowe, a Renaissance specialist and media historian at
Bryn  Mawr College. ?The way scholarly exchange is moving is radical,
and we  need to think about what it means for our fields.?
 That transformation was behind the recent decision by the prestigious
60-year-old Shakespeare Quarterly  to embark on an uncharacteristic
experiment in the forthcoming fall  issue ? one that will make it, Ms.
Rowe says, the first traditional  humanities journal to open its
reviewing to the World Wide Web.
 Mixing traditional and new methods, the journal posted online four
essays not yet accepted for publication, and a core group of experts ?
 what Ms. Rowe called ?our crowd sourcing? ? were invited to post
their  signed  comments  on the Web site MediaCommons, a scholarly
digital  network.  Others could add their thoughts as well, after
registering  with their own names.  In the end 41 people made more
than 350 comments,  many of which elicited responses from the authors.
The revised essays   were then reviewed by the quarterly?s editors,
who made the final  decision to include them in the printed journal,
due out Sept. 17.
 The Shakespeare  Quarterly trial, along with a handful of other
trailblazing digital  experiments, goes to the very nature of the
scholarly enterprise.  Traditional peer review has shaped the way new
research has been  screened for quality and then how it is
communicated; it has defined the  border between the public and an
exclusive group of specialized  experts.
 Today a small vanguard of digitally adept scholars is rethinking how
knowledge is understood and judged by inviting online readers to
comment  on books in progress, compiling journals from blog posts and
sometimes  successfully petitioning their universities to grant
promotions and  tenure on the basis of non-peer-reviewed projects.
 The quarterly?s experiment has so far inspired at least one other
journal ? Postmedieval ? to plan a similar trial for next year.
 Just a few years ago these sorts of developments would have been
unthinkable, said Dan Cohen, director of the Center for History and
New  Media at George Mason University. ?Serious scholars are asking
whether  the institutions of the academy ? as they have existed for
decades, even  centuries ? aren?t becoming obsolete,? he said.
 Ms. Rowe, who served as guest editor for The Shakespeare Quarterly?s
special issue  devoted to Shakespeare and new media, said:  ?The
traditional process is not so much a gold standard but an effective
accommodation to the needs of the field.  It represents a settlement
for  a particular moment, not a perfect ideal.?
 Each type of review has benefits and drawbacks.		
 The traditional method, in which independent experts evaluate a
submission, often under a veil of anonymity, can take months, even
 Clubby exclusiveness, sloppy editing and fraud have all marred peer
review on occasion. Anonymity can help prevent personal bias, but it
can  also make reviewers less accountable; exclusiveness can help
ensure  quality control but can also narrow the range of feedback and
participants. Open review more closely resembles Wikipedia  behind the
scenes, where anyone with an interest can post a comment.  This
open-door policy has made Wikipedia, on balance, a crucial  reference
 Ms. Rowe said the goal is not necessarily to replace peer review but
to use other, more open methods as well.		  In some respects
scientists and economists who have created online repositories for
unpublished working papers,  like repec.org, have more quickly adapted
to digital life. Just this month, mathematicians used blogs and wikis
to evaluate a supposed mathematical proof in the space of a week ? the
scholarly equivalent of warp speed
 In the humanities, in which the monograph has been king, there is
more  inertia. ?We have never done it that way before,? should be
academia?s  motto, said Kathleen Fitzpatrick, a professor of media
studies at Pomona  College.
 Ms. Fitzpatrick was a founder of the MediaCommons network  in 2007.
She posted chapters of her own book ?Planned Obsolescence? on  the
site, and she used the comments readers provided to revise the
manuscript for NYU Press. She also included the project in the package
 she presented to the committee that promoted her to full professor
this  year.
 Many professors, of course, are wary of turning peer review into an
?American Idol?-like  competition. They question whether people would
be as frank in public,  and they worry that comments would be short
and episodic, rather than  comprehensive and conceptual, and that
know-nothings would predominate.
 After all, the development of peer review was an outgrowth of the
professionalization of disciplines from mathematics to history ? a way
 of keeping eager but uninformed amateurs out.
 ?Knowledge is not democratic,? said Mich?le Lamont, a Harvard
sociologist who analyzes peer review in her 2009 book, ?How Professors
 Think: Inside the Curious World of Academic Judgment.? Evaluating
originality and intellectual significance, she said, can  be done only
 by those who are expert in a field.
 At the same time she noted that the Web is already having an
incalculable effect on academia, especially among younger professors.
In  her own discipline, for instance, the debates happening on the
site Sociologica.mulino.it ?are defined as being frontier knowledge
even though they are not peer reviewed.?
 The most daunting obstacle to opening up the process is that
peer-review  publishing is the path to a job and tenure, and no
would-be professor  wants to be the academic canary in the coal mine.
 The first question that Alan Galey, a junior faculty member at the
University of Toronto, asked when deciding to participate in The
Shakespeare Quarterly?s experiment was whether his essay would
ultimately count toward tenure. ?I went straight to the dean with it,?
 Mr. Galey said. (It would.)
 Although initially cautious, Mr. Galey said he is now ?entirely won
over  by the open peer review model.? The comments were more extensive
and  more insightful, he said, than he otherwise would have received
on his  essay, which discusses Shakespeare in the context of
information theory.
 Advocates of more open reviewing, like Mr. Cohen at George Mason
argue  that other important scholarly values besides quality control ?
for  example, generating discussion, improving works in progress and
sharing  information rapidly ? are given short shrift under the
current system.
 ?There is an ethical imperative to share information,? said Mr.
Cohen,  who regularly posts his work online, where he said thousands
read it.  Engaging people in different disciplines and from outside
academia has  made his scholarship better, he said.
 To Mr. Cohen, the most pressing intellectual issue in the next decade
is  this tension between the insular, specialized world of expert
scholarship and the open and free-wheeling exchange of information on
the Web. ?And academia,? he said, ?is caught in the middle.?

@_date: 2010-08-27 13:34:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p healthcare system? 
There are several clinics or chains of clinics around the U.S.
experimenting with contract practice -- i.e., bypassing the insurance
system and providing whatever services the clinic offers to all
subscribers for a flat monthly fee.  I think John Muney's clinics in
NYC charge a membership fee of around $80.  They say that just
eliminating the insurance paperwork removes about a third of costs.

@_date: 2010-08-27 15:29:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p healthcare system? 
Not that I'm aware of.  But then the only two contract practice
systems I've seen in the press are the Muney system and another chain
in the Pacific NW (I forget the name).  I'm sure there are a lot of
other local examples I've never heard of.
Muney's clinic offers outpatient surgery (skin cancer, etc.), but
nothing that requires inpatient treatment.
I don't see why a larger system of clinics couldn't pool their efforts
to maintain a small hospital, though.  The fact that it was organized
on a flat-fee contract basis, and that they couldn't simply pass
everything on through cost-plus markup, would mean powerful incentives
to minimize cost rather than padding the bill.
The mainstream American healthcare system today, with its cost-plus
culture, has an incentive structure a lot like what Seymour Melman
describes in the military-industrial complex.  So they pour money down
ratholes when it comes to wasteful capital expenditures, expansions,
remodelling, etc., and administrative costs as well -- and then just
pass it on to the insurance companies by marking up a bag of saline
solution to $300, charging $10 for an aspirin, etc.  It's the same
accounting system that created the Pentagon contractors' $600 toilet
seat.  I've got a lot more about it here:
Come to think of it, David Beito's history of mutual insurance gives a
lot of examples of lodge practice or contract practice networks that
included lodge or mutual hospitals as part of the deal.  You might
want to check that out.  Beito, From Mutual Aid to the Welfare State:
Fraternal Societies and Social Services, 1890-1967 (Chapel Hill and
London:  UNC Press, 2000).

@_date: 2010-12-04 06:58:35
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wikileaks cables reveal that the US wrote Spain's 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Wikileaks cables reveal
that the US wrote Spain's proposed copyright law via Boing Boing by
Cory Doctorow on 12/3/10
Spain's Congress is about to vote on a new and extremely harsh
copyright/Internet law. It's an open secret that the law was
essentially drafted by American industry groups working with the US
trade representative.
But it gets gets more interesting: 115 of the Wikileaks cables
intercepted from the US embassy in Madrid were tagged with "KIPR" --
that is, relating to "intellectual property," The big question has
been: will El Pais, the Spanish newspaper that has the complete trove
of Wikileaks cables, release them in time to affect the vote on the new
Well, now they've started. The first 35 of the 115 cables have been
released, and they confirm the widespread suspicion: the Spanish
government and the opposition party were led around by the nose by the
US representatives who are the real legislative authority in Spain.
So here's the new question: when the Spanish Congress votes on
America's copyright law this month, will they vote for their
sovereignty, or act like a US puppet state? La prioridad que los
estadounidenses otorgan a la cuesti?n se manifiesta en el nivel de los
interlocutores elegidos. La vicepresidenta Mar?a Teresa Fern?ndez de la
Vega es uno de los primeros objetivos. Un agregado de la Embajada habla
del tema con ella el 22 de febrero de 2005. El cable 27536, elaborado
por el agregado al d?a siguiente de la conversaci?n con De la Vega, se
cierra as?: "Dada la cantidad de estrellas de la industria del
entretenimiento con una abierta preferencia por el Gobierno socialista
(es significativo, por ejemplo, que Zapatero acudiera al equivalente
espa?ol de los Oscar), es posible que este Gobierno sea especialmente
sensible a hacer algo en este sector. Necesitaremos un a?o o as? para
ver si esta sensibilidad se traduce en resultados".
El 10 de noviembre de 2005, el embajador se entrevista con la ministra
de Cultura, Carmen Calvo: en el cable 45583, el propio embajador
concluye que en el Gobierno espa?ol hay buenas intenciones, pero no hay
La t?nica se mantiene. La potente Motion Pictures Association, que
agrupa a las majors de Hollywood, presiona desde EE UU. La industria
local espa?ola tambi?n se queja de la permisividad con las descargas,
sobre todo la musical. En 2007 se produce el punto de inflexi?n: el 28
de diciembre, la delegaci?n estadounidense en Madrid emite un cable
(135868) que contiene un minucioso plan. Asunto: estrategia para los
derechos de propiedad intelectual en Espa?a. El despacho despliega un
detallado plan a corto, medio y largo plazo plagado de citas con
responsables pol?ticos, con mandos intermedios de los ministerios de
Cultura e Industria, encuentros con las operadoras de
telecomunicaciones, visitas a Espa?a de expertos norteamericanos... y
anticipa, ya, la medida que hay que tomar a medio plazo: colocar a
Espa?a en la lista negra.
EE UU ejecut? un plan para conseguir una 'ley antidescargas' (Thanks,
- Fate of Spain's Internet/copyright law depends on El Pais ...
- Boing Boing: Spanish copyright society hounds Uni teacher out of job
- Spanish activists issue manifesto on the rights of Internet users ...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-12-06 10:59:18
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List was down 
I am also testing to see if my reply works.  If so, I presume this
puts our off-list discussions re setting up a new list on hold?

@_date: 2010-12-06 15:56:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Transition movement and pattern language 
, Piotr , Massimo
Locci , marco at clab.fi, Michel Bauwens
, Nikos Salingaros ,
antonio caperna , Ettore Maria Mazzola
, Alessia Cerqua Dear Friends,
the US Transition movement refers openly to Christopher Alexander, the
thinker lying under Biourbanism, and the work of the Gruppo
I think this article to be a helpful historic reference.
Best regards,
Stefano Serafini

@_date: 2010-12-06 21:47:51
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Listmaster Announcement: Possible Migration to New 
Dear Members:
Over the weekend, this list -- along with all other mailman lists on
listcultures -- was suspended without the courtesy of a warning or
explanation, and without any subsequent apology.  Here's Michel's
account of it:
"Last Friday, we discovered that our messages were no longer
distributed and that the info page... informed us there were no longer
any lists available. We also discovered on an another page, that our
account has been suspended.
"The host of our mailman list has been listcultures.org, a domain
owned by Geert Lovink, and the list was created a few years ago by Ned
Rossiter, co-author with Geert of a book on Organized Networks. The
lists are operating on servers from the Belgian firm Alfahosting
"It would seem that all the lists of listcultures.org have been suspended.
"Moreover, no warning, no explanation, has been given. After several
back and forths, we still don?t know why we have been suspended,
whether we are victims of collective punishment for the misdeeds of
another mailing list, or whether we ourselves did any wrong, albeit
unwittingly since we have no evidence from our own experience that we
"But it seems to us that a unilateral decision by a commercial firm,
to suspend an account, without any reason given, no communication and
no due process, is not acceptable ethical behaviour and endangers the
communication rights of online communities. Suddenly, we find
ourselves without access to a very rich archive, and in the
impossibility to communicate with our sympathizers. With a unilateral
act, years of community building are endangered.
"Surely, for the future, we and others will be careful about dealing
with ,entities that have ethical guidelines, due process and a respect
for communication rights, and avoid those that have such a callous
disregard for their clients."
To what Michel stated I would add that we have received nothing in the
way of an apology, and no assurances that something similar won't
happen in the future.  This is an intolerable lack of consideration.
We have, consequently, taken steps to prepare for a possible migration
to a new list -- probably another mailman list -- effective Jan. 1.
This is provisionally planned to take place if the membership agrees
on it.

@_date: 2010-12-07 11:32:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [#UAK-991836]: Listmaster Announcement: 
As far as I'm concerned, this clinches it.  Not even the merest whiff
of an inkling that this might be a situation where basic courtesy
called for an apology for the inconvenience.
I'm on board with the list migration.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
We suspended the lists after we informed our client about that, it's
not our task to inform further list owners/administrators, as we can
not see which lists was the cause we had to suspend them all. Normally
we only take drastic measures if the server stability is at risk
We cannot promise it won't happen again because if new spam is been
sent then we will take appropriate action.
Aarzel niet ons te contacteren bij verdere vragen,
Met vriendelijke groeten,
Werner Grossard
Technische Support AlfaHosting (AlfaNet bvba)
Mail: support at alfahosting.be
Tel.: +32(0)13.555.387
GSM: +32(0)498.520.817
Fax : +32(0)13.552.900
Ticket details
Ticket Nr.: UAK-991836
Afdeling: Support
Prioriteit: Low
Status: Closed

@_date: 2010-12-16 22:28:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Yahoo shutting down delicious 
Yahoo recently backed down when they got bitten in the ass by negative
reaction to their changes in YahooGroups (specifically, they wanted to
make it into an imitation of Facebook).  Maybe delicious users will
react in a similar manner.

@_date: 2010-12-19 14:12:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An interview with Michel Bauwens founder of 
On Fri, Dec 17, 2010 at 4:51 AM, marc garrett
Excellent interview.  I'd suggest that Michel's high road and low road
aren't mutually exclusive.  IMO there will be a blend of the two.
Some hierarchies will adopt networklike characteristics,
decentralizing and hardening, in response to crisis, while others
ossify in response to the same crises and become more brittle.  Those
that adapt will survive and become less hierarchical over time until
they gradually dissolve into pure networks.  Meanwhile, individuals
and localities will respond to successive crises by creating resilient

@_date: 2010-12-20 17:14:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
I don't buy it.  The advantages West ascribes to dense population
don't require large cities, as such.  They involve nothing more a
reduced surface/volume ratio on buildings, combined with economizing
on infrastructure by bunching stuff together.  They could be
replicated for all intents and purposes by the European village model:
 a dense core of houses (perhaps including a community house laid out
with central common facilities and family apartments along the outer
walls with private outdoor courtyards) surrounded by fields and park
And that's fully compatible with Kropotkin's model (in Fields,
Factories and Workshops) of eliminating the distinction between city
and country, replacing both with a large number of communities in
which small industry is integrated with agriculture.

@_date: 2010-12-21 21:29:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: list of politicians serving corporate 
Just get a list of all politicians and you're done.

@_date: 2010-12-27 16:23:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Attack Tyrrany at It's Weakest Link -- Enforcement 
Goo-goo liberals and ?good citizens? of all stripes are fond of saying
that ?We must continue to obey the law while we work to change it.?
Every day I become more convinced that this approach gets things
precisely backwards.  Each day?s news demonstrates the futility of
attempts at legislative reform, compared to direct action to make the
laws unenforceable.
The principle was stated most effectively by Charles Johnson, one of
the more prominent writers on the libertarian Left (?Counter-economic
Optimism,? Rad Geek People?s Daily, Feb. 7, 2009):
?If you put all your hope for social change in legal reform, ?then?
you will find yourself outmaneuvered at every turn by those who have
the deepest pockets and the best media access and the tightest
connections. There is no hope for turning this system against them;
because, after all, the system was made for them and the system was
made by them. Reformist political campaigns inevitably turn out to
suck a lot of time and money into the politics?with just about none of
the reform coming out on the other end.?
Far greater success can be achieved, at a tiny fraction of the cost,
by ?bypassing those laws and making them irrelevant to your life.?
Johnson wrote in the immediate context of copyright law.  In response
to an anti-copyright blogger who closed up shop in despair over the
increasingly draconian nature of copyright law, he pointed to the
state?s imploding ability to enforce such laws.  The DRM of popular
music and movie content is typically cracked within hours of its
release, and it becomes freely available for torrent download.  Ever
harsher  surveillance by ISPs in collusion with content ?owners? is
countered by the use of anonymizers and proxies.  And the
all-pervasive ?anti-songlifting? curriculum in the publik skools, in
today?s youth culture, is met with the same incredulous hilarity as a
showing of ?Reefer Madness? to a bunch of potheads.
The weakest link in any legal regime, no matter how repressive on
paper, is its enforcement.
I saw a couple of heartening news items this past week that illustrate
the same principle.  First, a judge in Missoula County Montana
complained that it would soon likely become almost impossible to
enforce anti-marijuana laws because of the increasing difficulty of
seating juries.  In a recent drug case, so many potential jurors in
the voir dire process declared their unwillingness to enforce the pot
laws that the prosecution chose to work out a plea deal instead.  The
defendant?s attorney stated that public opinion ?is not supportive of
the state?s marijuana law and appeared to prevent any conviction from
being obtained simply because an unbiased jury did not appear
available under any circumstances??  The same thing happened in about
sixty percent of alcohol cases under Prohibition.
Public agitation against a law may be very fruitful indeed ? but not
so much by creating pressure to change the law as by creating a
climate of public opinion such that it becomes a dead letter.
Another morale booster is the rapidly improving technology for
recording cops, which Radley Balko (a journalist whose chief bailiwick
is police misbehavior) describes in the January issue of Reason
Magazine (?How to Record the Cops?).    Miniaturized, unobtrusive
video cameras with upload capability can instantly transmit images for
storage offsite or stream content directly to the Internet ? which
means that the all-too-frequent tendency of thuggish cops to seize or
destroy cameras will result only in video of the very act of seizure
or destruction itself being widely distributed on the Internet.
?Smile, Officer Friendly ? you?re on Candid Camera!?
The practical implication, according to Balko, is this:
?Prior to this technology, prosecutors and the courts nearly always
deferred to the police narrative. Now that narrative has to be
consistent with independently recorded evidence. And as examples of
police reports contradicted by video become increasingly common, a
couple of things are likely to happen: Prosecutors and courts will be
less inclined to uncritically accept police testimony, even in cases
where there is no video, and bad cops will be deterred by the
knowledge that their misconduct is apt to be recorded.?
As such technology becomes cheap and ubiquitous, police will
increasingly operate in an atmosphere where such monitoring is
expected ? and feared ? as a routine part of their job.  Even the most
stupid and brutal of cops will always carry, in the backs of their
minds, the significant possibility that this might be one of the times
they?ve got an audience.
New technology, empowering the individual, will soon deter cops in a
way that decades of civilian review boards and police commissions
failed to achieve.
So the goo-goos have it backwards.  Don?t waste time trying to change
the law.  Just disobey it.

@_date: 2010-12-31 00:56:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] preparing the transfer to the new email list 
Um, I have no idea how to automatically transfer subs from one list to
another.  I compiled a membership which was complete at the time,
several weeks ago, because I thought one of the recipients would use
it for the purpose of setting up a new list.

@_date: 2010-12-31 01:26:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] preparing the transfer to the new email list 
Or maybe just publish an announcement on the existing list and P2P
Blog with a link to the subscription page for the new list, before we
shut down the old one.  I'd think that anyone who's at all interested
in the existing list -- as opposed to just deleting messages rather
than unsubscribing -- would follow the link to the new one and sign
up.  I'm not sure it's a good idea to subscribe anyone to anything
without permission.

@_date: 2010-02-01 15:29:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
It would primarily involve copyrights, although such opacity would
also protect patent infringement where infringing industrial designs
were exchanged in the form of CAD files.
But in general, I think IP means IP.  I'm familiar with your objection
to the use of "intellectual property" as a catchall term, but IMO it's
very useful because of the commonalities between the different forms
of IP.  They're all based on the same general principle:  enforcing
artificial scarcity through monopoly "ownership" in the right to
duplicate patterns or information, to the extent that such "property"
rights override my right to do as I will with my own genuine (i.e.,
tangible) property.

@_date: 2010-02-02 05:10:51
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The iTunes Store: just a detour on the way to a 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: The iTunes Store: just
a detour on the way to a world without intellectual property via
Anarchoblogs by Ra?ionalitate on 2/1/10
Tim Lee has an interesting analysis of the shortcomings of Apple's
iPad, but at the end he makes what I believe is a very prescient, more
general point about the future of intellectual property and digital
This is of a piece with the rest of Apple?s media strategy. Apple seems
determined to replicate the 20th century business model of paying for
copies of content in an age where those copies have a marginal cost of
zero. Analysts often point to the strategy as a success, but I think
this is a misreading of the last decade. The parts of the iTunes store
that have had the most success?music and apps?are tied to devices that
are strong products in their own right. Recall that the iPod was
introduced 18 months before the iTunes Store, and that the iPhone had
no app store for its first year. In contrast, the Apple TV, which is
basically limited to only playing content purchased from the iTunes
Store, has been a conspicuous failure. People don?t buy iPods and
iPhones in order to use the iTunes store. They buy from the iTunes
store because it?s an easy way to get stuff onto their iPods and
Apple is fighting against powerful and fundamental economic forces. In
the short term, Apple?s technological and industrial design prowess can
help to prop up dying business models. But before too long, the force
of economic gravity will push the price of content down to its marginal
cost of zero. And when it does, the walls of Apple?s garden will feel a
lot more confining. If ?tablets? are the future, which is far from
clear, I?d rather wait for a device that gives me full freedom to run
the applications and display the content of my choice.
Even though Apple's managed to stave off some amount of piracy with the
iTunes Store, I think this is likely to be temporary as it becomes
easier and easier to pirate media. (Streaming music ? legally through
YouTube and MySpace pages ? and movies ? through illegal content hosted
on sites like megavideo.com ? have already been essentially freed, and
as soon as the internets' pipes become thick enough that you can
download quickly without resorting to BitTorrent, I think it's over for
online movie/TV sales.)
This same analysis could be applied to the Wall Street Journal ? it has
a niche now, but it may not in the future, and I doubt any company
(including the New York Times) will be able to emulate its online
My advice to content providers in it for the long haul would be: make
it all free, find a good behavioral advertising firm, team up with a
company like Facebook or Amazon which already has a lot of mineable
data stored in already-established profiles, and, most importantly,
hire a damn good lawyer, lobbyist, and PR firm. A Message From
Anarchoblogs.org: January and February Fundraiser
You are viewing this feed through the Anarchoblogs aggregator, a hub
for blogs by self-identified anarchists, anarcho-syndicalists,
anarcha-feminists, anarchists without adjectives,
libertarian-socialists, autonomists and other assorted anti-statists.
Anarchoblogs relies on your support to stay running. We're doing a
fundraising drive for the months of January and February. Donations
cover the costs of running anarchoblogs.org and provide direct
financial support to active Anarchoblogs contributors. See
Anarchoblogs: Donate for details.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Anarchoblogs using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-02 12:55:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I think it's at least fair to call P2P a cluster of more or less
closely related movements, to the extent that there are free culture
advocacy groups and organizations that have one programmatic agenda or
But your point re historical forces and emergence is well taken.
One of the central historical forces currently in play is the growing
uneforceability of IP law, and the inability of proprietary content to
compete with free.
Ultimately I think the Apple model of monetizing content is doomed,
because no matter how popular Jobs' gadget designs are, the content he
makes available through iTunes is going to have to compete with free
versions available through "illegal" (but highly popular) channels.
In the end, what he can charge (and distribute part of to the
"artists," aka the industry) will be limited to the rents attendant on
convenience.  People (at least middle class people with a moderately
high opportunity cost of time relative to money) will pay a small
amount to avoid the inconvenience and transaction costs of finding an
authentic, complete copy of the song they want.  But that amount is
not as much as Apple could get from rents on proprietary content as
such.  So in the end, the cost of the content will be driven down by
competition with zero marginal cost, and will tend toward a value
comparable to that obtainable under Anderson's "Freemium" model.  The
only difference is that, ceteris paribus, the DRM will make the
product less attractive and reduce the convenience advantage over the
"pirated" stuff somewhat.  That means IMO Apple will eventually give
up and remove the DRM on everything.
The problem with the "what consumers wanted" thing is that laws like
IP restrict what consumers are legally allowed to choose from.
The Post Office can't force me to buy stamps.  I choose to buy them.
The only problem is, if anybody besides the USPS tries to sell first
class mail delivery, the government will throw them in jail.  So I
"choose" within a coercive framework that criminalizes some forms of
voluntary exchange in order to guarantee the legal monopoly of
privileged classes.
People "choose" DRM in an environment where copyright law artificially
restricts the range of other choices available to them.  "Pirated"
content is ubiquitous, but the transaction costs of verifying
authenticity and completeness of a copy are artificially increased by
IP law, because of the difficulty of organizing open and aboveground
authentication services.  My hope is that as darknet use spreads, P2P
counterinstitutions will emerge for providing such authentication
services; the counterinstitutions may be officially "illegal," but
will still become the normal means of vouching for quality and
authenticity for a growing share of the public.
In any case, even if such counterinstitutions do not emerge to make
"pirated" content fully competitive with proprietary content, there
will be enough competition on the edges to drive down the price of
proprietary content in the way I described above.  In that case, the
competition will simply be less perfect and the public's "choice" will
be between an artificially constricted range of alternatives.  But I
don't think that state of affairs will last.
People do control their own outputs.  I don't allow anybody to steal
unpublished manuscrips off my hard drive, or grab hard copy drafts off
my desk.
A legal restriction on copying digital information that's been made
public, on the other hand, is a restriction on everybody else's
control of their own property.  A society of EULAs, in which I never
own anything I pay for, and can only pay for content on the monopoly
terms set by copyright liegelords, is the ultimate slavery.
No.  The "reason" for artificial scarcity is to PREVENT abundance from
lowering the income of rentier classes.  It doesn't matter how
abundant technological potential is, if a class of privileged
monopolists have a deadlock on the right to sell the output and set
prices on it.  And the main way for abundance to defeat their
artificial scarcity is to make the rules on which artificial scarcity
depends (including IP) unenforceable.
There is no such thing as a unified social interest.  There is,
rather, an "advantage" for the lion and an "advantage" for the lamb.
Power works to the advantage of the privileged by disadvantaging the
non-privileged.  Power is a zero-sum game.  To those who benefit from
zero-sum relations, total capacity (the size of the pie) matters less
than the size of their own slice.  What happened in the Soviet Union
was not that "society" decided the system was no longer working to
everyone's advantage, but that (thanks to destabilizing technology and
their own mismanagement) the ruling class lost its ability to control
the pie.
The problem with all this is that power can, at least temporarily,
control the terms of competition between capacity/advancement/skill,
on the one hand, and outmoded forms of production like slavery on the
other.  The old will, for as long as it is able, use the power of the
state to regulate the terms of competition with the new--and that's
exactly what IP law is.  Ultimately the kind of technical achievement
and innovation that will break the stalemate are improvements in the
technical means of circumventing IP and other forms of artificial
scarcity, and making them unenforceable.

@_date: 2010-02-02 13:22:02
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
What Masnick discusses at Techdirt is essentially the same as Chris
Anderson's "Freemium" model.  So you can get pretty much the same
overview from *Free*.  The idea is to use free content to piggyback
monetized auxiliary services:  Linux distros offering tech support and
customization, music companies selling certified authentic copies
available at a convenient location, Phish selling concert tickets,
One thing Masnick fails to adequately address, though, is that the
total amount of cash available from such  auxiliary services is less
than what proprietary content brought in.  Or to take Anderson's
example, Encarta sales didn't bring in money equivalent to the
exchange value it destroyed for Britannica et al.
Which is where Eric Reasons comes in.  He argued that innovation would
ultimately result in a large net decrease in total monetized value.
Both Masnick and Anderson commonly argue that exchange value destroyed
by falling costs in one area will be compensated, as demand freed up
by lower prices is simply shifted to the output of other industries.
Total monetized GDP will keep right on going up, Ford's in his
flivver, and all's right with the world.
But this assumes that demand is infinitely, upwardly elastic, and that
some of the reduction in price formerly paid for some consumer goods
will not simply "leak" from the monetized GDP in the form of increased
leisure.  Reasons argues that the latter will happen:  as it costs
less in total labor time to purchase the goods we buy now, owing to
increased technical efficiency, consumers may choose to use part of
the saved wage income to buy new stuff they otherwise wouldn't have
bought.  But they'll probably not increase total consumption enough to
make up the entire reduction in required labor hours; rather, they'll
simply work less, and the total monetized GDP will be lower.
I'll include the Reasons material and the surrounding online debate in
a P2P Blog post.

@_date: 2010-02-02 15:36:04
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Sure.  The good thing is, enforcing patents based on seeing violations
depended, to a large extent, on the low transaction costs entailed
when a limited number of models were produced by the millions in giant
mass production factories owned by a handful of oligopoly firms, and
stocked on the shelves of a few giant retail chains.  When the
infringing products are designed in small peer networks and produced
by micromanufacturers serving neighborhood-sized markets, the
transaction costs of enforcing patents will skyrocket.
See below.
It fits patents because patents restrict one's right to configure
material elements in a particular pattern.  And the main area of
trademark law it doesn't fit is the one area with some arguably
legitimate basis  (preventing outright identity theft or fraud).
Both patents and copyright require the infringement of genuine,
tangible property rights by restricting what I can do with my
legitimate property (whether it be using a hard drive I own to
duplicate a CD I own, or producing parts from materials I own with a
machine I own to copy a patented product).
I believe these areas of commonality are very important.
There's a phrase--"recuperation," I think--for reclaiming pejorative
language used by one's enemies and proudly using it to label oneself.
I like to use IP in the converse way:  turning the enemy's
self-description into a pejorative ("decuperation"?).  For the reasons
I stated above, I think the enemy is correct in using IP as a catchall
term based on the areas of commonality between patent and copyright.
But that leaves them vulnerable if it can be shown that the common
principle underlying them is false.
Ditto for subsuming IP itself into an even broader category of
artificial scarcity or artificial property rights, along with the
other forms of artificial property attacked by Thomas Hodgskin,
Benjamin Tucker, etc., and then demonizing corporate capitalism in
terms of its own falsely professed "free market" values.

@_date: 2010-02-02 20:52:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
When I say power is a zero sum game, I simply mean that coercive power
is a zero-sum game.  When force is initiated against a nonaggressor,
by definition, one person is forced to accept a different outcome than
he would otherwise have freely chosen; that means he is forced to
accept a lesser utility, so that someone else can receive a greater
utility at his expense.  Force is a means for benefiting one person at
another's expense.
To bring up Ryan's earlier response to my
Britannica->Encarta->Wikipedia example, he said that it's OK to rig
the game so that Britannica is protected if consumers "choose" that
alternative.  My point is that it's not a consumer choice if force is
used to restrict Wikipedia's ability to compete, or to limit the
conditions under which it is allowed to compete.  By definition, when
the power of the state suppresses competition in the supply of
proprietary content, choice is not free.  Only if there are no entry
barriers to the competitive supply of content, without any enforcement
of "intellectual property," is there such a thing as genuine choice.
But if power is used simply in the sense of "empowerment," as you use
it below, I agree with you completely.

@_date: 2010-02-03 10:34:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
So it's a restriction on the implementation of an idea in physical
reality, using the implementer's own tangible property, based on the
idea "owner's" monopoly.  The ownership of an idea to the extent of
controlling replication and interfering with tangible property rights
is the patent's area of commonality with other forms of IP.
Key word "nominal."  It also prohibits marketing identical products
minus the trademark or with an anti-trademark.  Ownership of trademark
prevents job-shop owners in Asia from marketing goods identical to
those they produce for Western TNCs, minus the 400% brand name markup,
and with the original logo in a circle-and-slashbar (which would
obviously create no genuine misapprehension as to the producer's
I guess we'll have to agree to disagree on this.  See below.
They all create artificial scarcity by restricting people's freedom to
replicate/implement an idea/information/pattern in the material realm.
 If opposing them is a snap judgment, it's one I've formed over many
The term "intellectual property" points to a common fallacy used to
justify all its different forms:  ownership of ideas, patterns, and
information.  My goal is to encourage people to consider the wrongness
of the ownership of ideas and to reject "intellectual property" in all
its forms.  "Intellectual property" points to the common fallacy that
the intellect can be property, and thereby lays out a framework for
attacking it on the ground that intellect cannot be property.
Each has the effect of creating artificial scarcity, and IMO
artificial scarcity resulting from artificial property rights is the
central evil of corporate capitalism.

@_date: 2010-02-03 12:10:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Artificial scarcity is a way of controlling the *use* of capacity and
determining who profits from it.  In that sense, it is directly (and
inversely) related to abundance:  it is a secondary constraint on the
ability to take advantage of abundance.  It enables the owners of
artificial property rights to capitalize the efficiency gains and cost
savings from abundance and collect them as rents for themselves,
rather than allowing the market to pass them on to consumers.  It
imposes artificial costs where they would not otherwise exist, and
thereby neutralizes the competitive advantages resulting from
Blocking abundance and taking abundance are two sides of  the same
coin:  blocking or controlling access to the benefits of abundance is
prerequisite to taking rents from it.  By way of analogy, artificial
appropriation of vacant land is necessary to *block* independent
access to it, before privileged landlords can *take* rents from those
forced to access it on their terms.

@_date: 2010-02-03 18:28:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: The iTunes Store: just a detour on the way to a 
This strikes me as relevant to recent discussions with Ryan.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader:
The iTunes Store: just a detour on the way to a world without intellectual
via Anarchoblogs  by Ra?ionalitate on 2/1/10
Tim Lee has an interesting analysis  of the
shortcomings of Apple's iPad, but at the end he makes what I believe is a
very prescient, more general point about the future of intellectual property
and digital media:
This is of a piece with the rest of Apple?s media strategy. Apple seems
determined to replicate the 20th century business model of paying for copies
of content in an age where those copies have a marginal cost of zero.
Analysts often point to the strategy as a success, but I think this is a
misreading of the last decade. The parts of the iTunes store that have had
the most success?music and apps?are tied to devices that are strong products
in their own right. Recall that the iPod was introduced 18 months before the
iTunes Store, and that the iPhone had no app store for its first year. In
contrast, the Apple TV, which is basically limited to only playing content
purchased from the iTunes Store, has been a conspicuous failure. People
don?t buy iPods and iPhones in order to use the iTunes store. They buy from
the iTunes store because it?s an easy way to get stuff onto their iPods and
Apple is fighting against powerful and fundamental economic forces. In the
short term, Apple?s technological and industrial design prowess can help to
prop up dying business models. But before too long, the force of economic
gravity will push the price of content down to its marginal cost of zero.
And when it does, the walls of Apple?s garden will feel a lot more
confining. If ?tablets? are the future, which is far from clear, I?d rather
wait for a device that gives me full freedom to run the applications and
display the content of my choice.
Even though Apple's managed to stave off some amount of piracy with the
iTunes Store, I think this is likely to be temporary as it becomes easier
and easier to pirate media. (Streaming music ? legally through YouTube and
MySpace pages ? and movies ? through illegal content hosted on sites like
megavideo.com ? have already been essentially freed, and as soon as the
internets' pipes become thick enough that you can download quickly without
resorting to BitTorrent, I think it's over for online movie/TV sales.)
This same analysis could be applied to the Wall Street Journal ? it has a
niche now, but it may not in the future, and I doubt any company (including
the New York Times) will be able to emulate its online strategy.
My advice to content providers in it for the long haul would be: make it all
free, find a good behavioral advertising firm, team up with a company like
Facebook or Amazon which already has a lot of mineable data stored in
already-established profiles, and, most importantly, hire a damn good
lawyer, lobbyist, and PR firm.
 A Message From Anarchoblogs.org: January and February Fundraiser
 [image: So far your donations have covered $20.00 out of our annual budget
of $1500.00.] *You are viewing this feed through the Anarchoblogs
,* a hub for blogs by self-identified anarchists, anarcho-syndicalists,
anarcha-feminists, anarchists without adjectives, libertarian-socialists,
autonomists and other assorted anti-statists. Anarchoblogs relies on your
support to stay running. We're doing a fundraising drive for the months of
January and February. Donations cover the costs of running
anarchoblogs.organd provide direct financial support to active
Anarchoblogs contributors.
See Anarchoblogs: Donate  for details.
Things you can do from here:
   - Subscribe to
   *Google Reader*
   - Get started using Google
Readerto easily keep up
   *all your favorite sites*
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-02-03 19:13:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] towards post-industrial ? some books and 
Thanks, Michel. Dante, do you know if it's available in English
translation (*not* machine translation) anywhere?

@_date: 2010-02-04 15:14:07
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] iPad DRM is a dangerous step backward. Sign the 
I agree, in the sense that these "normal social processes" and
"evolutionary forces" include technological changes that erode the
ability to enforce copyright law.  The proliferation of encryption and
darknets, the hacking of DRM, and the distribution of "pirated"
DRM-free copies, are all part of this overall process by which DRM
becomes untenable.

@_date: 2010-02-04 15:20:31
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I agree that people should not be punished for not choosing free and
open.  Anyone who wants to post a copyright notice on his work should
be free to do so, and anyone who voluntarily refrains from reproducing
it out of respect for the creator's proprietary claims should also be
free to do so.  What the creator should NOT be able to do is punish,
or use the state to punish, anyone who does NOT voluntarily refrain
from reproducing the content.   That is not part of a level playing
I think  my view of IP is a mirror image of your view of free open.  I
see no reason for blocking the voluntary claim of copyright or the
recognition of that claim on a purely voluntary basis.  But I also see
no reason for people to be punished for not choosing to recognize or
obey copyright claims.

@_date: 2010-02-04 15:35:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Actually even most defenders of copyright law don't consider it
"theft" in the same sense of actual theft of tangible property.  It's
a limited monopoly conferred for a limited period of time for a
utilitarian purpose, so--most copyright defenders say--it's a
violation of legal rights in some sense, and a bad thing, but not
"theft."  It's mainly industry polemicists like Mark Helprin, the
people who design "anti-songlifting" curricula, etc., that casually
toss around the term "stealing."
"Artificial scarcity" is as absurd
There's a very large body of literature pointing out the fundamental
difference between tangible property, and "property" in the right to
reproduce patterns and ideas (which are called "property" mainly by
way of analogy).  Tangible property follows naturally from the finite
nature of physical goods.  Two objects cannot occupy the same space at
the same time, and the only thing necessary for me to enforce my
ownership claim of a plot of land is to maintain physical possession
and repel attempts to dispossess me.  On the other hand an idea can be
reproduced an infinite number of times without its original iteration
in a physical medium ever ceasing to be in the possession of its
creator.  The claimant to copyright "property" can only enforce it by
invading my genuine, physical property and interfering with my use of
Of course people "own their ideas," in the sense that nobody has a
right to remove them from their memories, to steal the paper or floppy
disks they're written on, or to erase them from their hard drives.
But nobody has the right to own an idea in the sense of controlling or
preventing the reproduction of it.
Preferably, some turn will move IP into public
Even many people who recognize copyright in principle think its
present duration 75 years after the death of the creator, or the fact
that it automatically exists without any requirement to register it or
publicly embed ownership claims in it, is  an abomination.  The result
is that we're awash in a sea of "orphan" content that nobody even
knows who claims copyright on it, and can't use for fear they'll be
trolled the next day with a DMCA notice.
I also think you're using "compelled" in a really perverse sense.
Nobody compels me to state an idea publicly.  When I state an idea
publicly, I choose to add it to the commons because by its very nature
the circulation of ideas adds them to the commons.   On the contrary,
it requires compulsion to keep an idea out of the commons.

@_date: 2010-02-04 15:40:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Nobody is entitled to a guarantee of the ability to recoup sunk costs
of any kind.  You are free to spend your time any way you see fit, and
to devise any business model you can think of to get money from so
doing--so long as it doesn't involve coercing other people to make the
business model viable.  You're no more automatically entitled to a
guaranteed return on how you choose to spend your time, than investors
in buggy whip factories were entitled to restrict competition from
Ford to guarantee a profit on the capital they'd invested.

@_date: 2010-02-04 15:52:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
The laws "society" is "comfortable" with usually reflect the kinds of
laws the dominant economic interests need for their own profit.  To a
large extent the institutional structure of the system reproduces the
kind of social consensus it needs to maintain its own power relations.
 That doesn't require a vulgar Marxist parody of "base-superstructure"
relations, or denying that the ideological realm can be contested.
But it does IMO rule out uncritically respecting "the law" and "social
consensus" as something autonomous and immaculate.  And it certainly
rules out uncritical obedience where the individual perceives the law
and the interests it supports as actively evil or immoral.
I cannot determine what I think laws ought to be and then
Really?  So you'd have obeyed the Fugitive Slave Law or the Nuremberg Laws?
Anarchists believe such approaches are
I think when a significant minority of "society" has such little
respect for slavery that they're willing to help fugitives escape, or
hold digital copyright law in such low regard that they routinely
download songs for free, it matters.  It certainly matters to the
music industry, considering how loud they're always howling about how
much money they're losing.  And to me, the very popularity of
filesharing, the fact that it's costing proprietary content industries
money, and the fact that de facto competition with "free" on the black
market is causing content owners to adjust their prices downward, are
all evidence that that approach is working very well right here and

@_date: 2010-02-04 16:21:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
This sounds almost exactly like the right-wing "best available
alternative" defenses of sweatshops, and of the Dark Satanic Mills in
the Industrial Revolution.  It's true as far as it goes (as Lionel
Hutz said, it's  the best kind of true--technically true).  But it
leaves out the fact that states are in the business of restricting the
range of available alternatives, in the interest of those who profit
from ordinary people having to choose the alternatives, as the best
available ones, that the privleged classes see fit to offer.
People did indeed flock from the countryside to the factories in early
industrial  Britain.  But when they had access to comfortable
subsistence on their own land, they stayed away in droves.  The whole
point of Enclosures was to guarantee a situation in which working for
wages was the only remaining acceptable alternative.  In China,
"market reform" has shifted over the past thirty years from Deng's
original peasant-friendly policies to foreign capital-friendly
policies in the '80s and '90s, and providing cheap labor to foreign
capital  on the employer's terms.  This has included collusion between
village authorities, the state, and foreign capital in turning village
communal lands into subsidized industrial parks, suppressing free
labor organization, and the like.   Western employers in Third World
countries are very good at acting through the state to break people's
legs, and then kindly offering them "crutches" in the form of
80-hr/week jobs for 20 cents an hour.
The problem with this is that states, for most of their history since
their origin in the riverine civilizations, have served the primary
purpose of enabling economic exploitation.  They enable a privileged
class to extract surplus wealth from society.  The idea that the state
represents the "common interest" or "general welfare," as a claim made
with a straight face, and that it's accountable to the people in
carrying out some sort of "social consensus," is at most a few
centuries old out of about five hundred years.  And over that five
thousand year history, one of the main things the state has done is
crowd out voluntary, self-organized alternatives, and cause civil
society to atrophy.
Kropotkin, very much a historian of the real world,  pointed to the
richness of self-organized institutions in the civil societies of the
late medieval free towns--instittuions which were suppressed by the
new absolute monarchies when their gunpowder enabled them to batter
down town walls for the first time.
So I don't find it convincing at all when someone points to the sudden
collapse of centralized, authoritarian states, and the fact that
they're succeeded by chaotic power vacuums or the seizure of power by
kleptocracies and mafias, as some normal and inevitable state of
It's a case of the state breaking legs and then giving out crutches,
and your pointing to the fact that people fall down when the crutches
are snatched away as some sort of evidence that the state was
necessary in the first place.
I think this, a narrative that recurs throughout many of your posts,
is the core area of our disagreement:  your taking at face value the
self-justifications of the system of power as some sort of
ideologically neutral or objective state of affairs that reflects a
"social consensus" or "public interest," etc.  An earlier example was
your taking at face value the legitimizing rhetoric of U.S. foreign
policy in promoting peace, stability, democracy and free markets
around the world.
Again, "the law" is not some neutral body of principles that "society"
agrees on.  It's protects a system of  power relations in which some
benefit at the expense of others--and then frames itself as "neutral"
and "objective" in the dominant legitimizing ideology.
Sure.  And if you don't like slavery, don't own a slave.  Sit down and
reason with people, and try to persuade a legislature full of people
representing the plantation owners who  benefit from slavery (oops,
sorry, I mean who represent "society") that slavery's a bad thing.
But don't just take matters into  your own hands and start helping
people break the law.
To me, the main beauty of the kind of stigmergic organization Eric
Raymond writes about is that people are able to "change the world"
without first getting everybody on the same page.  If changing
copyright law meant persuading a Congress elected with campaign money
from the RIAA/MPAA/Microsoft that the current digital copyright regime
was a bad thing, the DMCA and ACTA would be in place a thousand years
from now.  It's the technical means of circumventing copyright law
that will destroy it.

@_date: 2010-02-04 16:25:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I think this frames the issue almost totally backward.  By definition,
the non-coercive alternative is open, because it requires coercive
enforcement to stop people from copying what they want.   People who
believe in proprietary content should have the option of adhering to
it as a choice, by voluntarily refraining from using content that
other people claim a "copyright" on.  But they should not be able  to
use coercion in imposing copyright on those who  do not recognize it,
and forcibly preventing them from reproducing content.

@_date: 2010-02-04 16:34:47
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Again, I think this--the idea that "the law" and "society" are just
neutral states of affairs that result from the current state of
consciousness at any time--is my root objection to Ryan's narrative,
which appears in many forms.  The state came into existence because
"society" or "the people" all just decided for some reason that it
would be a good thing.  Globalization exists because "society"
"decided" it would be a good thing.  And when the law changes, it will
be because "society" or "the  people" one day just "decide" or
"realize," after due deliberation, that the preexisting state of
affairs wasn't a good idea after all.  And when "society" "realizes"
that things weren't working so great, it's just because their head was
collectively in a bad place and they became more enlightened.  Class
interest or power structures, and their cultural reproduction
apparatuses, have nothing to do with it.

@_date: 2010-02-04 17:55:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
If abundance is capacity in the sense of technical capacity to produce
at low or no cost, IMO that's clearly wrong, at least insofar as the
abundance is usable or realizable by the average person.  Artificial
scarcity is about the use of artificial property rights and privilege
to make abundance less usable, to control access to it, and thereby
the holders of artificial property rights to capitalize it as a source
of rents.  It doesn't matter how much zero-cost abundance a Star Trek
replicator makes technically or physically possible, if someone has an
effective and enforceable grant of privilege from the state which
enables him to monopolize access to the replicators and charge what
the market will bear, or if the state creates a "property" in the
right to make and sell certain things and treats the making of those
things through the replicator as "theft."
To put things in the language you use below, artificial scarcity is a
fact.  It is real.  It exists.  When the technical means of abundance
exist because of the Star Trek replicator, but I have to work an
artificially high number of hours to pay for stuff because the state
restricts the terms on which the replicators can be used, then the
output of the replicators is artificially scarce and expensive.   When
a man builds a fence around an oasis in the desert and charges $100
for what would otherwise be free, then artificial scarcity exists as
an objective, quantifiable, physical fact, "as real as houses."
And in fact most of the hours we work go toward paying prices for
things that have nothing to do with the cost of producing them, so
that we work a majority of our hour on the job paying rents to the
owners of artificial property rights.  In that sense, most of the time
we work is the same in kind (if not degree) to slavery, and exists
only because the state has created a particular legal framework.  And
that legal framework was not created by the state as representative of
"society."  It was created by the state as representative of a
particular institutional  structure of power, which exists to benefit
some at the expense of others.
But I do agree that abundance is about capacity, if the definition of
capacity is expanded to include the sense which you explicitly reject
above.  Abundance is about the *total* capacity made possible by
technological advancement, including technological advances that make
artificial scarcity unenforceable.
That is
We disagree about as fundamentally here as it is possible for human
beings to disagree.  Taking my example above, by your standards the
person who uses the Star Trek replicator to make free food for his own
consumption is "stealing," if the state has granted ADM and Cargill a
"property" in the right to sell food at whatever price they set.  But
IMO the actual moral state of affairs is the direct contrary:  I have
a right to feed myself using my own tangible property in any way I see
fit, and to share the food I produce with anyone I see fit.  And the
people at Cargill and ADM, or the people who monopolize access to
proprietary replicators, are thieves who deserve nothing but hatred
and contemptuous defiance of their despicable false "property rights."
Stealing is a fact.  Property is a fact.
I think you're conflating different senses of the word "real" here.
A couple of sayings are relevant:
Boswell:  Do you believe in infant baptism, sir?
Johnson:  Believe in it?  Why, I've seen it!
The Universe:  "You exist.  However your existence creates no sense of
obligation on my part."
Again, I think we disagree as far as it is humanly possible to
disagree on the moral authority of states.
Consider the implications of your statement of principles.  Do
landless peasants, or peasants working on insufficient land, because
of the state's feudal property rules, have a moral obligation not to
squat on vacant land that sits on a latifundio or hacienda without
paying rent to a feudal oligarch?  Did the state which stipulated such
laws and regulations do so as an agent for "society," which somehow
"decided" that that was in the "general interest"?   Is a vagrant
morally bound not to sleep under a bridge because the law, in its
magnificent equality, prohibits rich and poor alike from doing so (the
state, of course, reflecting the "consensus" of "society," not the
interests of the rich)?
Of course there is a
I believe IP is completely anti-social.  And slavery, although the
most extreme case and the most morally repugnant on a visceral level,
is paradigmatic of all artificial property rights.   Artificial
property, including slavery, is all of a kind, if differing vastly in
degree.   To the extent that someone else's "property" right enables
someone else to live off my labor, to that extent the law is immoral
and should be trampled underfoot.  A law which prohibits the copying
of code exists, for its primary purpose, so that someone will have to
work ten or twenty hours to buy a proprietary CD of Windows instead of
a free copy; that law, in its essence, is the use of coercion to
enable one person to live by skimming off the surplus from the labor
of another; in that sense, it is in the same qualitative category as
I agree.  If I physically invade someone's spact and take a paper
manuscript or a floppy disc from someone's desk, or erase a textfile
from their  hard drive, so that they no longer possess their original
copy, then I have done a great injustice.
But if the "something" is a state conferred monopoly on the right to
perform some act, then I don't perceive engaging in that act, on my
own land using my own physical property, to be "taking" anything from
them at all, unless the meaning of "taking something" be stretched to
the point of meaninglessness.
Rather, a person who stops me from using my tangible property in the
way I choose, because he has the state-conferred "right" to a monopoly
on performing that action, is taking something from ME.
If that is
To the extent that the state prohibits the circulation of DRM-free
versions of any form of content against the will of the content
"owner," and coercively enforces that prohibition, by definition there
isn't reasonable access to free alternatives.  To the extent that DRM
systems work within laws, to that very same extent there can be no
reasonable access to free alternatives.  The framework of laws that
enables DRM is, by definition, a restriction of reasonable access to
free alternatives.
Technical means of circumventing DRM and distributing "pirated"
content are, themselves, one of the market forces by which proprietary
is made to compete with free.
I respect you immensely, Ryan, and recognize that neither of us will
likely ever convince the other on this issue.  I do have to  say, by
the way, that my view of the legitimacy of states is neither ambiguous
nor indifferent ;).
I find the state destructive, hurtful, and evil.  To the extent
legitimate functions are performed by the state, they're functions
that would be carried out anyway by voluntary means in a stateless
society, and have been coopted or crowded out by the state in all the
ways that Kropotkin described in his historical account of the rise
and function of the state.  To the extent that the state enforces
rules that are necessary, or that are morally neutral but useful (e.g.
driving on the right hand side of the road, yielding the right of way
at a 4-way stop, etc.), it is simply replicating the kinds of
autonomous social rules that would spring up in civil society.  The
only things the state does qua state, that couldn't be done without a
state, involve zero-sum relations and the coercive extraction of

@_date: 2010-02-05 12:29:59
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Definitely a difference, but not insofar as it affects my principle.
There should be no coercive legal prohibition against reproduction in
either case.

@_date: 2010-02-05 12:32:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Thanks for the explanation, Michel.  But I don't see how the system
could work without either some sort of state action to discourage the
purchase of unauthorized copies, or to regulate and license the sale
of players subject to oversight by the taxing authorities.  Not but
that this would be vastly superior to DRM/DMCA, of course.

@_date: 2010-02-05 12:38:48
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Thanks for the clarification, Marco.
But what about the kinds of business models Chris Anderson and Mike
Masnick point to, making money off of scarce goods associated with
content, rather than off of the content itself?
I think that Eric Reasons is correct that the total "money pie" will
be less than that from the proprietary content it supplants, true
But at the same time, if we remove all forms of state-enforced
artificial property and artificial scarcity, the portion of the prices
of all the things that we consume that comes from embedded rents on
proprietary content, proprietary design, planned obsolescence
supported by proprietary design, subsidized waste, legally mandated
overhead cost, etc., will disappear.  Not to mention the portion of
living cost that comes from inflated asset values of land and housing,
the portion of healthcare cost that comes from drug patents and
licensing and mandated high-cost ways of doing things, etc.  This
means that the total overhead cost of living will be much, much lower,
and the pressure to spend time at wage labor and to  recoup a large
income stream to service those costs will also be much less.

@_date: 2010-02-05 12:46:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Not at all.  Stipulating that copyright exists, I don't object to its
being automatic at the time of writing, without registering with a
central authority.  I do, however, think that claiming it should
require embedding some kind of notice in the artifact itself, and a
prominent mention of the claim in the medium in which it is initially
published.  And someone who reproduces content without such a claim
embedded  or prominently displayed with it, on the assumption that
it's unowned or orphan, should only be liable for a takedown
notice--not damages.  There should not be the automatic assumption
that every song, book or image is proprietary content, even if no
copyright notice is included in it, with the burden of proof on the
user to do a "title search."
Maybe.  But without some burden of proof to display a copyright date
with the work how will anyone know when the ten years expires?
Although I'm  an anarchist, I'm pretty sane about welcoming steps in
the right direction.

@_date: 2010-02-05 12:53:47
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
That's quite true in the case of anything time-sensitive.
Contemporary music, art and literature that are the product of the
actual living culture we exist in today would be off-limits to the
public domain.  If the public domain were restricted to the creations
of people 75 years dead, Free and Open culture people would be
restricted to living in the Roaring 20s  and saying "Ha cha cha cha!"
Not that that would be a terrible thing, maybe, but it would certainly
set us apart from the rest of society.
Indeed, the whole point of the 75-year copyright duration, as with the
shorter duration of patents, is to keep stuff proprietary until it's
effectively useless as a source of competition.  In the case of
patents, a 14-year duration is sufficient to keep the current
generation of industrial technology under lockdown.

@_date: 2010-02-06 01:38:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] towards post-industrial ? some books and 
I read Belloc's The Servile State and can't recommend it highly
enough, although I object to a lot of his conclusions about practical
politics.  He argues as though the choices were between state
intervention to thwart the natural tendency toward concentration of
wealth, and rule by a plutocracy.  And so the final part of his book
is pretty pessimistic about the prospects for redistributing wealth,
or for a new set of rules to counteract the market's natural tendency
toward concentration.  As you know, I take pretty much the opposite
I'm friendly toward distributism as a member of a larger class of what
Marx called "petty bourgeois socialism":  distributism, agrarianism,
Georgism, social credit, etc.
John M.  is an excellent thinker and writer, and will be a benefit to
the blog IMO.

@_date: 2010-02-06 07:57:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Santa Fe Institute economist: one in four Americans 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Santa Fe Institute
economist: one in four Americans is employed to guard the wealth of the
rich via Boing Boing by Cory Doctorow on 2/5/10
Here's a fascinating profile on radical Santa Fe Institute economist
Samuel Bowles, an empiricist who says his research doesn't support the
Chicago School efficient marketplace hypothesis. Instead, Bowles argues
that the wealth inequality created by strict market economics creates
inefficiencies because society has to devote so much effort to stopping
the poor from expropriating the rich. He calls this "guard labor" and
says that one in four Americans is employed to in the sector -- labor
that could otherwise be used to increase the nation's wealth and
The greater the inequalities in a society, the more guard labor it
requires, Bowles finds. This holds true among US states, with
relatively unequal states like New Mexico employing a greater share of
guard labor than relatively egalitarian states like Wisconsin.
The problem, Bowles argues, is that too much guard labor
sustains "illegitimate inequalities," creating a drag on the economy.
All of the people in guard labor jobs could be doing something more
productive with their time--perhaps starting their own businesses or
helping to reduce the US trade deficit with China.
Guard labor supports what one might call the beat-down economy.
Community Action's Porter sees it all the time.
"We have based almost everything we have done on the idea that we
always need a part of our workforce that is marginalized--that we can
call this group into action at any time, pay them nothing and they will
do anything that needs to be done," she says.
More discouraging, perhaps, is the statistical fact that a person born
into this workforce has little chance of rising beyond it.
Born Poor? (via MeFi) Previously:
- China's labor unrest worse than suspected - Boing Boing
- Which Side Are You On? Explaining what happened to labor in ...
- Questions from economics honors exam at Oberlin College Boing Boing
- EVE Online's economist speaks -- economics as an experimental ...
- Max Keiser's curmudgeonly TV economics show: the Oracle - Boing Boing
- Mackerel economics in prison - Boing Boing
- Economics of Malware - Boing Boing
- MP3s from "Economics of Open Content" conference - Boing Boing
- Boing Boing: Psychology, design and economics of slot-machines
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-06 12:28:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Taking my example above, by your standards the
The point of the replicator example, though, was to point out my
problems with your view on obeying laws restricting access to the
kinds of abundance that exist here and now, in order to enable rentier
classes to capitalize increased productivity as a source of rents.
For now, we need economies
Well, first of all, IP violations are not literally defined as "theft"
in the law.
And IP holds for every nation on earth at present, specifically, in
its *legal codes*.  OTOH, the kind of freedom I advocate holds on
every nation on earth at present in what a major portion of the
population actually *does*.  There is a direct conflict in every
nation between the laws (laws made at the behest of corporate
interests) and what people do.
And of course the kinds of IP laws you favor are in force in every
country on earth.  You keep writing as if that universality simply
reflects some level of understanding currently achieved in the
collective consciousness of mankind, as it evolves toward the
I'm not at all surprised and dismayed by the fact that your idea of IP
prevails universally, or almost so, because my understanding of the
law and its significance differs almost entirely from yours.  Every
society in the world is a class society where the main purpose of the
state's laws is to enable a privileged class to extract a surplus from
everyone else's labor.  So of course IP  law is universal.
We have a global, state-privileged corporate economy in which the laws
of nations favor corporate interests.  In a world dominated by a
particular class system, the laws that predominate in all nations of
the world reflect the interests of that class system.  Big surprise.
If you lived in feudal Europe seven hundred years ago, you could just
as easily say "for every nation in the West at present my definition
of land tenure is what holds," because throughout western Europe the
peasantry would be paying feudal rents to land that they worked and
were the rightful owners of.  I would not consider this surprising.
Of course the laws universally in force would reflect the interests of
the dominant class universally in the seat of power.  And I don't
believe the peasant would be morally obligated to keep paying rent to
his feudal overlords, out of respect for "the law," until he could
persuade the landlord that society would be better off if he stopped
living off rents.  The peasant would be fully entitled to break down
enclosures, squat on vacant land, and stop paying rent, etc., to
whatever extent he could get away with it.  The state and its laws,
then as now, was not some neutral force reflecting the collective
understanding of society.  It was a weapon in the hands of an enemy,
used to promote his interests at everybody else's expense.
Well, of course.  That's true by definition.  But I don't genuflect at
the word "law," nor do I shy away from the term "criminal" when the
law and the people who create it are evil.
And "we" also have the technical means of circumvention, and millions
of people who use them.  The law doesn't have any magical effect on
reality, and isn't automatically carried out by virtue of being law.
IP is a contested issue, and "the law" is a stronghold of one side.
What real people do in everyday life is a stronghold for the other
side.  The law will be the last stronghold to fall when IP has been
defeated in physical reality by actual people in the way they live
their daily lives.
Is a a great
Strawman.  Once again, nobody is "forcing" anyone to give anything
away.  The exact opposite is the case.  IP law (to the extent that it
is enforceable) is forcing people not to buy unauthorized versions of
a song.  Competition between proprietary and free versions fo the same
content is the default.  Suppressing competition from free is what
requires force.   It's the RIAA and MPAA that are forcing people to
buy their content on their terms if they want it at all, by forcibly
suppressing competing providers.
And free replication of proprietary content does not amount to "giving
up" anything, because nothing is given up.  It's still there.  It's
been duplicated, so that two people have it instead of just one.
Once again, there is no such thing as "IP theft."  Even that sacred,
majestic "law" that you hold in such high regard does not literally
treat it as theft.  The only place you see it described as "theft" is
in polemics by supporters of proprietary content.  But in terms of the
law, it is explicitly the conferral of a monopoly for a limited term
in order to promote a utilitarian end.  Surely you, who hold the law
in such sacred esteem, should refrain from referring to unauthorized
copying as "theft."
By definition duplication cannot be theft, because there is no party
that ceases to have the item in question.  The only "loss" is loss of
the state-enforced right to a return on it, even at the price of
suppressing competition.  Nobody should have a right to a guaranteed
return on anything that comes from forcibly preventing other people
from entering the market and competing.
The free replicator example was simply an extreme case of the real
conflict between abundance and artificial scarcity entailed in
existing technology right here and now.  The struggle, in the case of
every innovation that reduces labor and capital costs to produce an
output, is whether that cost saving should be passed on to the
consumer by free competition or capitalized as a source of rents by
those who hold a state-granted monopoly.  If the law that grants
someone to live off someone else's labor by charging a state-enforced
monopoly price is so sacred now that it should be obeyed by all, even
to the extent of paying a monopoly price, why should they do otherwise
when matter printers come about?  In the case of every incremental
improvement in abundance and reduction in cost, the question is
whether it is subject to being made property and a source of monopoly
rents.  The only difference between these incremental improvements and
the replicator idea is one of degree.

@_date: 2010-02-06 12:33:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Exactly.  I agree with Ryan that IP is being destroyed by economic
developments, but unlike Ryan I believe the most important economic
development destroying IP is not competition that's formally legal,
but rather competition from technological capabilities that violate
the law or render it unenforceable.
The simple fact of the matter is that, as Cory Doctorow says, a
computer is a machine for copying bits.  And a business model based on
the criminalization of copying bits will fail.

@_date: 2010-02-06 12:40:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
I'm at a loss to see where you get the specific "agreement" above from
Michel's renunciation of coercive socialism or communism.
That a renunciation of coercive socialism entails recognizing a right
to "intellectual property" [sic] and the right to protect it through
the state strikes me as a monumental exercise in question-begging to
the point of smugness, since it assumes that opposition to
"intellectual property" [sic] equates to coercive socialism in the
first place.  That latter assumption may be your belief, but it's
wrong to attribute to others in interpreting their foreswearing of
coercive socialism as an endorsement of IP.
It would be similarly impermissible for me to infer that you opposed
IP law, just because you foreswore coercive fascist corporatism.

@_date: 2010-02-06 12:55:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
So we're back to where we were before, and you *do* in fact support a
state guarantee to enable you to recoup a return on your time by
restricting duplication.
This goes back to the Freemium model:  when reproduction of the
content itself is free, one capitalizes on other advantages that are
associated with the free content but not themselves free.  I've done
paid writing for group blogs myself, and the main source of value
added is the blog or site as a whole, as source for a range of content
that's of interest to a specific readership, and its convenience and
reliability as the main source of that content.
It's the same difference in convenience of getting guaranteed
complete, authentic, non-DRM songs from a single source at iTunes,
rather than searching around at a torrent site.
It strikes me that whatever possibilities there are of capitalizing
online writing as a source of revenue come from the advantages to the
site which originally hosts the content, and its reputational
advantages as the source for a range of related content that's of
interest to its readership, where they can depend on seeing it when it
first comes out.  The hosting site must sell something besides the
specific bits of content that are duplicated.  It must sell, to the
advertiser, the reader convenience that comes from the site as a

@_date: 2010-02-06 12:57:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Exactly.  I totally agree with this.  And I don't think any legal
regime is necessary to replace IP for it to hold true.  There are
genuine free market rents resulting from the kinds of convenience and
reliability that you describe--they're just smaller than the rents
that come from ownership of proprietary content.

@_date: 2010-02-06 13:02:31
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Well, sure.  But abolishing copyright law, which has been the main
source of contention here, is itself an enormous "if" with little
short term chance of being adopted at all.
So in advocating for such an enormous and unlikely change, I may as
well go whole hog and discuss the broader elimination of all forms of
artificial property, to the extent that other forms of artificial
property would exacerbate inconviences resulting from the abolition of
And in fact, I doubt the laws will ever be formally removed until
they're a moot point anyway.  My main interest is in promoting the
forms of technological development and counter-organization that will
render all forms of artificial scarcity unenforceable.  And in that
regard, I think the unenforceability of one form of artificial
scarcity will have synergistic effects in making the unenforceability
of others more beneficial.

@_date: 2010-02-06 13:07:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
BTW, how does this tie in with what you wrote in a different thread?
"artists and musicians profiting from IP is in the range of 0.ox
percent, so realy it's not really working for the overall majority of
them It's currently mostly a winner take all..."
It sounds to me like IP isn't working out so well for the majority of
artists, either.  And the situation is balanced by Doctorow's
observation that for the majority of small artists, obscurity is a lot
bigger concern than "piracy."
At worst, the abolition of IP will simply be a return to the same
situation we were in in the 19th century, before the rise of the
record industry, where the vast majority of music was generated on a
folk model, and the number of people getting a little money on the
side from performances far exceeded the small number who could get big
money from the sale of sheet music.

@_date: 2010-02-06 13:27:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
So it seems to me that the proper approach is to give the lie to all
the pseudo-populist RIAA agitprop, by publicizing as far and wide as
possible just how small a percentage of artists benefit significantly
from IP, compared to the number who are inconvenienced by legal
restrictions on sampling and mashups, and how little the average
artist makes from IP.  It's exactly like the pseudo-populist
Republican approach to the "Death Tax," acting like it's even a
relevant issue to the overwhelming majority of farmers and family
At the same time, dissatisfaction with the excesses
I doubt it's feasible to work for a significant change in the laws
from the perspective of social consensus.  It's far more
cost-effective to promote stigmergic efforts to simply make the law
unenforceable.  Even if the majority of the people come to disagree
with the IP law regime, a majority of people support a lot of things
that never appear on the radar because the bipartisan establishment is
against them.  You could probably convince 90% of the people that IP
was bad, and unless they felt that sentiment with such extreme
intensity that they were willing to sweep every incumbent from office
on that basis alone, change would still be effectively blocked by RIAA
lobbyists writing the laws in secret, and industry representatives
drafting trade laws in closed tribunals, and buying off Congressmen
from both parties.
The best way to change the law is to present the state with a fait
accompli by which it is unenforceable.

@_date: 2010-02-09 15:10:31
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Santa Fe Institute economist: one in four 
Thanks, Sam.  I posted it because it seemed to tie in with material
Paul had quoted from Bob Black.

@_date: 2010-02-10 07:02:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] BioShock 2, 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: BioShock 2, Loaded Up
With Annoying DRM That Pisses Off Fans, Cracked Immediately Anyway via
Techdirt by Mike Masnick on 2/9/10
When will the video gaming companies learn that DRM really only pisses
off your legitimate customers? Despite having seen this happen over and
over and over and over, it's happening again. With the release of
Bioshock 2, the decision was made to include annoying SecuROM DRM. Did
it do any good? Nope, on the day of release there's a cracked version
available immediately (thanks AJ, for sending this story in). Oddly,
that writeup uses this to suggest that the use of DRM made sense, but I
can't see how you get from there to here. The DRM didn't stop it from
getting cracked and being made available to anyone who wanted it. It
didn't stop any unauthorized access whatsoever. If they hadn't put the
DRM on it (which cost money both in licensing the technology and in
additional Q&A and customer support issues) they would be in exactly
the same position today with the app being available for unauthorized
download (except they'd have a bit more money). Oh yeah, they also
wouldn't have pissed off a bunch of customers. So what good did the DRM
do exactly?
Permalink | Comments | Email This Story
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Techdirt using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-10 12:09:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] bugmenot 
Does the latest version of Firefox not include a bugmenot plugin?  I
recall earlier versions having it when I right-clicked on a login at
sites that required registration.
I use the Firefox browser to remember my actual passwords, but when I
go to a site I haven't visited since I bought my last computer it's a
pain.  I email myself my passwords for the most important stuff and
save them with a "Passwords" tag, but for news sites it's more bother
than it's worth.
I went to McKinsey Quarterly for the first time in months because an
email article teaser caught my eye, but every attempt at a fake login
email address (eat at me.com, bite at myass.com, etc.) was "already taken."
That ought to tell you how much site registrations are worth for
commercial purposes, and what most users think of them (I'm sure
fuck at you.com is already taken).

@_date: 2010-02-10 15:19:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
The idea is not to do those things instead of publishing online for
free, but to use free online content as advertising to promote the
scarce paid content (i.e., using free ebooks to increase sales of hard
copies, using free music files to promote concert tickets, etc.).
It has everything to do with the matter at hand.  I'm using it in the
sense of an economic rent or quasirent, a scarcity rent deriving from
artificial property rights.  To the extent that the right to sell a
good is artificially restricted, the privileged seller is enabled to
charge a price above the marginal cost of production.  That's a rent.
And specifically, the price of a manufactured good that results from
proprietary industrial design rather than materials and labor is a

@_date: 2010-02-10 15:20:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Republishing is one form of duplication.  So you're in favor of state
restrictions on some forms of duplication.

@_date: 2010-02-10 15:27:44
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Precisely.  Marco is free to get angry about anything he wants.  But
in practical terms, it's apt to be as effective as commanding the
waves not to advance (whatever Anglo-Saxon king that story's
attributed to).
It's a simple matter of fact that, DRM or no DRM, new movies and
albums appear DRM-free on torrent sites the same day they're released
by the content owners.  And it's a simple matter of fact that this
phenomenon affects the price it's possible to pay for proprietary
content.  We're rapidly heading for a time when the convenience value
of content procured from an authorized source is the only source of
income on it.  The unenforceability of IP  law is one component of the
total environment which is pushing toward "Free," and there's really
no way of stopping it short of a totalitarian information regime (and
even China's not so hot at carrying that off).
If the near-universality of IP law is one part of the reality Ryan
appeals to, then so are 1) the relative degree of enforceability of
such laws, 2) the percentage of the public  willing to break them, and
3) the resulting limits on prices content owners can charge.

@_date: 2010-02-10 16:22:23
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
The root of our disagreement is probably our different attitude toward
the law.  In my view, the only legitimate things law can accomplish
involve enforcing what would be morally binding even without positive
law, or what would be a pragmatic set of rules that people would
likely follow without a state.  As Joe Alexander, a local member of
Fayetteville's aging hippie community, put it, "Everything genuinely
criminal--murder, assault, robbery--was already illegal over a century
ago." And it would have been criminal even without positive law.
Likewise, driving on the right side of the road and following the
first-come-first-move rule at a 4-way stop are common sense social
rules that would exist in civil society even without traffic laws.
But a law that violates my right to apply my labor to my tangible
property to support myself in any way I see fit, so long as I commit
no aggression against other people or their tangible property, is no
law at all.
Everything in the state's law which is not superfluous is immoral.
When I refer to corporations, I use it as shorthand for large,
powerful firms that dominate the economy and are specially privileged
by the state.  My concern is with oligopoly firms in cartelized
markets, the main beneficiaries of government subsidies and artificial
They are indeed fundamentally anti-state.  But your statement of your
own views confuses me, because to date you've framed the obligation to
obey positive laws in terms that seem very strongly to imply moral
I'm not sure how much we disagree on this.  I do believe that the
dominant memes reflect, in Gramscian terms, a dominant class's view of
what is "helpful."  There is such a thing as "forces of society"
evolving in an objective direction, with technology playing a large
role in the evolution.  But the tendency of that movement is
complicated by contested, class-based ideas of what is "helpful," with
the positive law tending to reflect the interests of a dominant
extractive class.
The dominant class's ideological hegemony is imperfect and prone to
internal contradictions, and the cultural reproduction process is
imperfect indeed.  For example ruling class concepts are appropriated
and contested by the rules, and their force is turned against the
ruling class (what Saul Alinski called "political jiu-jitsu").
Percieved internal contradictions in the ruling class's own ideals
also operate as glitches in the Matrix (the ideas of "democracy" and
"liberty" used by one class in its fight against feudalism are
amenable to used, in all sorts of inconvenient ways, against the
interests of that very class; and the neoliberals' "free market" and
"free trade" rhetoric is quite useful as a foil for the privileged
reality of corporate welfare queens).  What's more, the develop of the
Internet and network culture have undermined the technological basis
of ideological hegemony.  When one can "own a printing press" for
under a thousand dollars, the media environment assumed by people like
Frank McChesney and Noam chomsky, with a handful of unidirectional
broadcast media controlled by big corporate players, is obsolete.
So do you believe the peasants were obliged to pay feudal rents,
because of the laws on the books?  Were people like the Diggers on St.
George Hill, tearing down enclosures and cultivating the common, at
fault for doing so?
If not, why not?  Because I believe in a standard of objective
legality that's prior to and superior to the state's positive law.
And the central standard is nonaggression.  All forms of voluntary
organization and cooperation that follow consistently from
self-ownership and nonaggression are morally permissible.  This
includes community associations for the purpose of mutual defense
against aggression, for voluntary mutual aid, etc.  The only things
not permitted are 1) the claim of a "police power" by some
institution, acting as "representative of society," to initiate force
against nonaggressors, and 2) the enforcement of privileges and
illegitimate property claims that violate real, tangible property
rights.  Of course the definition of "nonaggression" presupposes a
consensus on property ownership rules, before the aggressive and
defensive parties can be identified.  And a variety of such
consensuses are consistent with the principle of self-ownership:
individual property in land, residual communal rights to land by the
clan or village (like the English open field system, the Russian mir,
or Israel under the Judges), etc.  But I believe there are limits to
what can pass as a legitimate property right.  And property titles
that create scarcity where it doesn't exist, rather than simply
dealing with real scarcity, are on the outer side of that limit:
absentee titles to vacant and unimproved land, property in ideas,
restriction of market entry through licensing requirements, etc.
I think individual "piracy," on whatever scale, is a key part of the
environment in which DRM and proprietary content rents are becomiing
We'll have to agree to disagree on whether unauthorized copying, or
restrictions on unauthorized copying, can more justly be described as
force.  We also disagree on the extent to which DRM works, I think.
Even when a small minority of people take advantage of the
availability of pirated content on torrent sites, the very fact of its
availability limits how much content owners can gouge, and pushes
prices toward Free (including legitimate rents on convenience and
authenticity, of course).
And I still insist that the "wave" includes not just laws on the
books, but the technical means of circumventing those laws.  In fact
I'm far more interested in direct, stigmergic action to build a
society in which those laws are irrelevant, than in changing the laws.
 The transaction costs of the latter are much, much higher, and one of
the advantages of network culture is the possibility of direct action
on Eric Raymond's model without waiting for permission or
painstakingly getting everybody on the same page.
Well, I'll certainly agree that it's criminal--by definition--as a
violation of positive law.
And I'll agree, with strong stipulations, to the value of rule of law.
 *Given* a state which is executive committee of a ruling class, and
*given* a set of laws that primarily reflect the interests of that
class, it's good to have a system of due process that regulates the
ways in which the state can enforce those laws.  That doesn't mean I
recognize the laws themselves as legitimate; I'm just glad I can have
access to a defense attorney and demand to see a search warrant, etc.,
when the state tries to enforce them.
Few people in the 19th century southern U.S. would have shared my view
of slavery--even those who didn't own slaves.  I don't believe I would
be obligated to respect the slave-owners' law until I could convince a
majority they were wrong.  I do, however, appreciate the value of
outreach efforts to counteract and undermine the hegemonic view, and
demonstrate to people the extent that their ideas of what's
objectively or self-evidently right reflect the interests of a
dominant class.
You might check out Kinsella, or Boldrin and Levine.  But of course I
consider it perfectly natural that a majority of the legal profession
accepts the rationale behind the laws in force.
You may be right about the relative weight of such efforts, I don't
know.  But I believe they'll be *part* of the overall market mechanism
by which the discussion becomes moot.  Absolute numbers are less
important than the marginal effect of Free being part of the
competitive mix.
You're also right that "artificial" has normative implications.  But
it's still descriptively useful, I think, in comparing the rents that
prevail under one set of conditions to those which prevail without

@_date: 2010-02-10 16:28:13
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Again, I disagree with your focus on the state's laws as the primary
reference point for defining "reality."  When I refer to people who
favor free culture and oppose IP, my main focus is individual.  And
the main places where such ideas are widespread on an individual level
are the countries in which free associations of individuals like the
OS movement, the EFF, publications like Techdirt, etc., are common.
Just as an aside, I consider Chavez a lot less statist and
authoritarian (despite seriously troubling caudillist tendencies) than
what the U.S. would replace him with, or what it's supporting next
door with Plan Colombia.  I consider the Sandinistas a lot less
horrible than the Contras, Allende than Pinochet, etc.
Kevin Carson
Center for a Stateless Society Mutualist Blog:  Free Market Anti-Capitalism
The Homebrew Industrial Revolution:  A Low-Overhead Manifesto
Organization Theory:  A Libertarian Perspective

@_date: 2010-02-10 16:36:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Semantics again, but to me "capitalism" is just the opposite:  the
extraction of rents from artificial scarcity created by the state.
Paying rackrents to landlords because the state restricts access to
vacant land, working for less than your full product because the state
criminalizes free competition in the supply of credit or imposes
artificial capital outlays for small-scale production, etc.
But IP is the main reason companies like Nike can charge a 400% markup
for its sneakers, over and above wages and materials, without even
having its own factories.  Anything that enables the factories to
produce identical shoes without the swoosh, for sale to the local
market minus the markup, is a good thing in my view.   When the
supplier networks and networked job shops ignore the western
corporations' IP and bypass them as redundant nodes, it will be a good

@_date: 2010-02-10 16:40:31
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
The problem is that, so long as copyright exists at all, licensing
systems like CC et al *have* to be piggybacked on it in self-defense,
as the only alternative to stuff in the public domain being
appropriated and copyrighted against its creators. That doesn't mean
people who use CC necessarily recognize copyright as legitimate; some,
like Stephan Kinsella, just use CC as an expedient to guarantee their
work will be kept freely available in the public domain.  That's
certainly my intent when I use OS licenses of any kind.

@_date: 2010-02-10 16:58:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
To me the problem with this whole system is that the owner of
resources seems to get very little out of agreeing to license his
enterprise under such rules, aside from a lot of extra administrative
hoops to jump through.  It's not quite as much rigmarole as Parecon,
but a lot more than most people would like.
By way of parallel, Josiah Warren's time store required him to
painstakingly calculate the amount of total overhead cost, and the
portion of it included in each item he sold, and then to maintain two
parallel accounting systems (amortization of his cash expenses through
a cash price for the good, plus labor notes for his time in serving
the customer).
The beauty of William Greene's mutual banking system was to remove
barriers to free competition in supplying a circulating medium and
credit, and then let the market mechanism itself automatically flush
artificial scarcity rents like interest out of the price system.
In this case, as well, I think it would make more sense to simply
eliminate the legal supports to artificial scarcity and then leave the
market to work automatically.  The owner's prices would be driven down
to production cost through the automatic function of the market,
without a lot of paperwork and administrative complications.

@_date: 2010-02-11 16:48:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Your goHastings Order 
Did anyone on this list order the book for me?  If so, thanks!
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hello from goHastings,
 Thanks for your order!
 We just wanted to let you know that the following item(s) on your
order have been shipped.
 ORDER NUMBER:    300658597
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Ship Qty           Title
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    1              Freedom
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 The item(s) shown above were shipped to the following address:
     Kevin A. Carson
     [snip]
 Thank you for choosing goHastings as your entertainment supersite.
We hope to see you again!
 ----------------------------------------------
 goHastings staff
 ----------------------------------------------

@_date: 2010-02-12 12:49:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
See below.
I think there's some harm to society, even if relatively minimal, in
restricting mashup use of imagery (all the trademark "dilution" crap).
 It still falls under the heading of ownership of an idea.  IMO
trademark law is only valid to the extent that it prohibits outright
fraud or identity theft, in cases where there really is an attempt to
pass one's product off as that of another company and there's a
genuine risk of confusion.   That would rule out the vast majority of
trademark litigation in which it's used for bullying, pure and simple.
 There's an important tradition of defacing trademarks as a form of
Alinsky's political  jiujitsu, turning the trademark's strength around
and using it against a symbolic corporate target.
No problem.
I may be wrong about the effect of trademark law in constraining
freedom of physical production.  If it's only patent law, and not
trademark law, that makes it illegal to sell sneakers identical to
Nike's (I mean identical in the sense that the shoes are physically
identical in design and materials, but minus the Swoosh), then I stand
IMO it's useful to strike at the root.  If the advocacy of IP is based
on the assertion of a general principle that ideas can be owned, it's
useful to attack the core ideological principle behind such advocacy.
It's useful to make a case that ideas cannot be owned, and that the
rationale behind such ownership claims, in all their forms, is
therefore invalid.  As you put it in the GNU Manifesto, "'Control over
the use of one's ideas' really constitutes control over other people's
Advocates of property in ideas have created the term "intellectual
property" as a commonality to serve them as a weapon, but in so doing
they've also made it into a single, almighty big target.  IMO it would
be a mistake not to take advantage of it.
But IMO all this just reflects a difference in opinion over strategic
approach.  "Let a hundred flowers bloom," and all that.
Which of them do you consider good, and why?

@_date: 2010-02-13 04:34:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Future of Manufacturing in the U.S. 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: The Future of
Manufacturing in the U.S. via oftwominds by noreply at blogger.com
(Charles Hugh Smith) on 2/5/10
Hoping that old jobs return is a doomed project; we must look ahead to
new modes of production and creating value.
Frequent contributor Michael Goodfellow responded to The Wal-Mart Model
of Self-Destruction: Lowest Prices, Always (January 24, 2010) with this
story on the future of small-scale manufacturing: In the Next
Industrial Revolution, Atoms Are the New Bits (Wired.com) .
His point was that to bemoan the loss of old large-scale manufacturing
jobs was not productive compared to forward-looking models such as
the "workbench" production and crowd-sourcing/out-sourcing described in
the Wired article.
What I find radically appealing is not so much the technical aspects of
desktop/workbench production of parts which were once out of financial
reach of small entrepreneurs--though that revolution is the enabling
technology--it is the possibility that entrepreneurs can own the means
of production without resorting to vulture/bank investors/loans.
Anyone who has been involved in a tech startup knows the drill--in
years past, a tech startup required millions of dollars to develop a
new product or the IP (intellectual property). To raise the capital
required, the entrepreneurs had to sell their souls (and company) to
venture capital (vulture capital) "investors" who simply took ORPM
(other rich people's money) and put it to work, taking much of the
value of new promising companies in trade for their scarce and costly
The only alternative were banks, who generally shunned "speculative
investments" (unless they were in the billions and related to
derivatives, heh).
So entrepreneurs came up with the ideas and did all the hard work, and
then vulture capital swooped in to rake off the profits, all the while
crying bitter tears about the great risks they were taking with other
rich people's spare cash.
Now that these production tools are within reach of small
entrepreneurs, the vulture capital machine will find less
entrepreneural fodder to exploit. The entrepreneurs themselves can
own/rent the means of production.
That is a fine old Marxist phrase for the tools and plant which create
value and wealth. Own that and you create your own wealth.
In the post-industrial economies of the West and Asia, distribution
channels acted as means of wealth creation as well: you want to make
money selling books or music, for instance, well, you had to sell your
product to the owners of the distribution channels: the record labels,
film distributors, book publishers and retail cartels, all of whom sold
product through reviews and adverts in the mainstream media (another
The barriers to entry were incredibly high. It took individuals of
immense wealth (Spielberg, et al.) to create a new film studio from
scratch (DreamWorks) a few years ago. Now any artist can sell their
music/books via the Web, completely bypassing the gatekeepers and
distribution channels.
In a great irony, publishers and labels are now turning to the Web to
sell their product. If all they have is the Web, then what value can
they add? I fully expect filmakers to go directly to the audience via
the Web in coming years and bypass the entire film distribution cartel
Why go to Wal-Mart to buy a DVD when you can download hundreds of new
films off the Web?
Both the supply chain and distribution cartels are being blown apart by
the Web.Not only can entrepreneurs own/rent the means of production and
arrange their own supply/assembly chains, they can also own their own
distribution channels.
The large-scale factory/distribution model is simply no longer needed
for many products. As the barriers to owning the means of production
and distribution fall, a Renaissance in small-scale production and
wealth creation becomes not just possible but inevitable.
Of course some manufacturing entails large scale production: aircraft,
bulldozers, semiconductors, etc.
Surprisingly, perhaps, some large-scale manufacturing is growing in the
U.S.: Radical Shifts Take Hold in U.S. Manufacturing (WSJ.com)
Here is a chart from the article:
Protecting intellectual property is a powerful reason to bring
high-level manuafcturing back home. It is simply fact that intellectual
property is at risk overseas in countries with poor IP protection and
rule of law. So is it worth risking your crown jewels to expand
overseas? That is at least one issue facing Google in China.
Anecdotally, it is known that the Japanese are careful to keep
high-level manufacturing technology in Japan to protect it from theft
or reverse engineering.
The chart reflects this: there isn't much IP in furniture, textiles or
plastic products to reverse engineer/steal, so these industries will
continue declining unless they move to a small, flexible, low-cost
model as described in the Wired article.
Those industries which need to protect their IP or which cannot be made
overseas (electricity) continue to expand.
Opportunities abound on both large and small scales.
If you haven't visited the forum, here's a place to start. Click on the
link below and then select "new posts." You'll get to see what other
oftwominds.com readers and contributors are discussing/sharing.
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence.
Order Survival+: Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation
and/or Survival+ The Primer from your local bookseller or from
amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats.A 20% discount is available
from the publisher.
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle: Of Two Minds blog-Kindle
Thank you, Kimberly S. ($50), for your extraordinarily generous
contribution to this site. I am greatly honored by your support and
readership. Thank you, Bill S. ($50), for your exceedingly generous
contribution to this site. I am greatly honored by your support and
Go to my main site at  for the full posts
and archives.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to oftwominds using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-13 13:03:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] conditions for successfull resilience 
This is somewhat related IMO to a paradigm shift from what James
Scott, in Seeing Like a State, calls social organizations that are
primarily transparent to the state, to social organizations that are
primary transparent to the people of local communities organized
horizontally and opaque to the state.
The latter kind of architecture, as described by Kropotkin, was what
prevailed in the networked free towns, villages, etc., of late
medieval Europe.  The primary pattern of social organization was
horizontal (guilds, etc.), with quality certification and reputational
functions aimed mainly at making individuals' reliability transparent
to one another.  To the state, such local formations were opaque.
With the rise of the absolute state, the primary focus became making
society transparent from above, and horizontal transparency was at
best tolerated.  Things like the systematic mapping of urban addresses
for postal service, the systematic adoption of family surnames that
were stable across generations (and the 20th century followup of
citizen ID numbers), etc., were all for the purpose of making society
transparent to the state.
Before this transformation, for example, surnames existed mainly for
the convenience of people in local communities, so they could tell
each other apart.  Surnames were adopted on an ad hoc basis for
clarification, when there was some danger of confusion, and rarely
continued from one generation to the next.  If there were multiple
Johns in a village, they might be distinguished by trade ("John the
Miller"), location ("John of the Hill"), patronymic ("John Richard's
Son"), etc.
By contrast, everywhere there have been family surnames with
cross-generational continuity, they have been imposed by centralized
states as a way of cataloguing and tracking the population--making it
transparent to the state, in Scott's terminology.
And there is a powerful residual cultural habit, among the general
public, of thinking of such things through the mind's eye of the
state.  E.g., if "we" didn't have some way of verifying compliance
with this regulation or that, some business or other might be able to
get away with so-and-so.
We need a shift in focus toward creating reputational and quality
assessment mechanisms on a networked basis, to make us as transparent
to *each other* as possible as providers of goods and services--and
not transparent to an all-seeing state.  In fact, the creation of such
mechanisms may well require active measures to render us to the state
(e.g. encryption, darknets, etc.) for protection *against* attempts to
suppress such local economic self-organization against the interests
of corporate actors.
To do this requires overcoming six hundred years or so of almost
inbred habits of thought, by which the state is the all-seeing
guardian of society protecting us from the possibility that someone,
somewhere might do something wrong if "the authorities" don't prevent
it.  We need to replace it with a habit of thinking in terms of
ourselves creating mechanisms to prevent *each other* from selling
defective merchandise, protecting *ourselves* from fraud, etc.  In
other words, we need to lose the centuries-long habit of thinking of
"society" as a hub-and-spoke mechanism and viewing the world from the
perspective of the hub, and instead think of it as a horizontal
network in which we visualize things from the perspective of
individual nodes.  We need to lose the habit of thought by which
transparency from above ever even became perceived as an issue in the
first place.

@_date: 2010-02-13 13:21:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] conditions for successfull resilience 
I meant to add, this will require, in particular, overcoming the
hostility of conventional liberals who are in the habit of reacting
viscerally and negatively, and on principle, to anything not being
done by "qualified professionals" or "the proper authorities."
Paul Fussell, Andrew Keene, Keith Olbermann (who  mocks the
"barn-raising" ethos)--I'm thinking of you.
Such critics take a remarkably static view of society.  Because people
are not presently in the habit of automatically consulting networked
reputational systems for checking up on people they're considering
doing business with, and are in the habit of unconsciously assuming
the government will protect them, conventional liberals assume that
people will not shift from one to the other in the face of changing
incentives, and scoff at the idea of a society that relies primarily
on networked reputational mechanisms.
But in a society where people are aware that most licensing and
safety/quality codes are no longer enforceable, and "caveat emptor" is
no longer just a cliche, it would be remarkable if things like Angie's
list, reputational certification by local guilds, customer word of
mouth, etc., did *not* rapidly grow in importance for most people.
They were, after all, at one time the main reputational mechanism that
people *did* rely on before the rise of the absolute state, and as
ingrained a part of ordinary economic behavior as reliance on the
regulatory state is today.
In fact, if anything the assumption that "they couldn't sell it if it
wasn't OK, because it's illegal" leaves people especially vulnerable,
because it creates an unjustified confidence and complacency regarding
what they buy.  The standards of safety and quality, based on "current
science," are set primarily by the regulated industries themselves,
and those industries are frequently able to criminalize voluntary
safety inspections with more stringent standards--or advertising that
one adheres to such a higher standard--on the grounds that it
constitutes disparagement of the competitor's product.  For example,
Monsanto frequently goes after grocers who label their milk rBGH free,
and some federal district courts have argued that it's an "unfair
competitive practice" to test one's beef cattle for Mad Cow Disease
more frequently than the mandated industry standard.  We have people
slathering themselves with lotion saturated with estrogen-mimicing
parabens, on the assumption that "they couldn't sell it if it was
dangerous."  So in many cases, this all-seeing central authority we
count on to protect us is like a shepherd that puts the wolves in
charge of the flock.

@_date: 2010-02-17 16:26:56
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Funding an Ecosystem Prototype (was: User 
Thanks for the clarification.  There would certainly be advantages to
having a fairly secure customer base in the user community.
I can also see the appeal of expanding an enterprise into a
stakeholder coop, from the standpoint of a beleaguered and indebted
small businessman who trades the vagaries of enterpreneurial profit
for a steady supervisory wage, in return for some guarantee of
amortizing his debts and capital outlays.
OTOH, for those not already so saddled, I can see the attraction of
entering the field with low-capital and low-overhead methods that
don't carry a high burden of debt or risk, and taking a chance on
recouping all the short-term entrepreneurial profit.
Sure.  But as someone who works for a wage, I can see a problem from
the opposite direction.  Dominion over production, through getting to
play "King for a day" as consumer when you buy something, rings pretty
hollow when you have to go back to being a serf every time you punch
that time clock.  And most of us spend a lot more of our waking hours
working on somebody's clock than we do buying stuff.  I would still
argue that the main source of disempowerment for the consumer is legal
barriers to competition in meeting the needs of end users.  Most of
the stuff consumers object to in product design results from
proprietary design.

@_date: 2010-02-17 16:39:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
I'm using "idea" in a sense of "pattern of information," which includes images.
I guess our mileage just differs.  For some reason, the whole idea
that ideas/patterns of information can be owned just seems to click
intuitively as the misconceived idea at the root of all ideas of IP,
and I feel driven to combat them by attacking that root assumption.
But again, "let a thousand flowers bloom" and all that.
But I oppose them even as separate issues, so I find some value in
taking the falsification as a handy target presented to me by the

@_date: 2010-02-17 16:44:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Well, I'm not sure myself how much of the "political jiujitsu" I
describe is prohibited by the letter of trademark law, and how much of
it is simply de facto prohibited by the willingness of corporations to
use SLAPP lawsuits as a weapon even in cases where the courts would
probably rule against them, simply because the defendant doesn't have
deep enough pockets to fight the issue.
But what I'm thinking of is the kinds of parody uses of trademarked
corporate imagery, the cultural monkey wrenching, that Naomi Klein
describes in No Logo.
Thanks for the clarification.  I wonder if it would be possible to
make a shoe with identical structure and materials, and specifically
market it as an anti-Nike at (say) 25% the price.

@_date: 2010-02-17 16:45:57
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
I guess we disagree on this.  I consider copyrights and patents to be
universally illegitimate, and trademarks to be illegitimate beyond
prohibitions on outright fraud or identity theft.

@_date: 2010-02-17 17:46:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] conditions for successfull resilience 
Thanks, Michel.  I'll try to put something together.  I agree that
crowding out is a real problem.  But people are very resilient when it
comes to adapting in the face of necessity, IMO.  The most important
thing is to remove the state-enforced obstacles to doing so.

@_date: 2010-02-19 12:57:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
Smith had a labor/cost theory of value insofar as he held that the
natural price toward which market prices were always tending, through
the process of supply and demand, reflected embodied labor or the cost
of production.
And he saw this as a logical deduction from individual utility
maximization.  If price exceeded cost, competing producers would enter
the market and drive price down; if price was less than cost,
producers would drop out of the market.  And to take his
beaver-vs-deer illustration, if a day's labor on average can either
kill a deer or trap two beaver, then the natural rate of exchange will
be a deer for two beaver.  If the price of a deer rises to three
beaver, it will become a better return on labor to hunt than to trap,
and labor will shift until the ratio reflects respective labor time.
I believe in the classical labor/cost theory of value, and I don't
have a problem with entrepreneurial profit (as opposed to artificial
scarcity rents) at all.  Entrepreneurial profit, to those who are
first and best at recognizing and meeting needs, is part of the
discovery mechanism by which resources are moved to their best use.

@_date: 2010-02-19 12:59:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
I think this is misreading what Ricardo and Marx meant by a labor
theory of value.  The LTV did not imply any inherent, mystical value
in a product like a platonic form.  It was, rather, the natural
equilibrium price toward which prices gravitated--and supply and
demand was the mechanism by which this took place.

@_date: 2010-02-22 19:09:54
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Request: Peer to Peer and Human Evolution 
As an anarchist, I can't say I'm in favor of taxation of any kind.
But so long as a state exists that's funded by coercive taxation, the
exemption of any favored sector of the economy has exactly the same
practical effect as if the state started with a base taxation rate of
zero and then imposed a punitive tax only on those firms not engaged
in favored forms of activity.
OTOH, one of the benefits of the emerging network society is its
opacity to the state, and its ability to function outside the
regulatory framework that creates artificial scarcity.  I see a
darknet economy of networked, encrypted currency transactions, in
which patents and copyrights are ignored, and with its own
certification and authenticating mechanisms, as the basis for the
post-state society.
So long as a tax-funded state exists, I think the geolibertarians are
right on the mark:  by far the least harmful forms of taxation are
those that fall either on negative externalities or economic rents
(land value taxation, severance fees for minerals, carbon taxes,

@_date: 2010-02-23 15:37:44
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: ZNet Daily Commentary: Climate and 
To put this in a much longer range historical perspective, the
distinction between  "cooperator" and "dominator" societies follows a
division between agrarian and pastoral/nomadic economies.  Some
theorists like Oppenheimer trace the origins of the state to conquest
of agrarian populations by patriarchal, warlike pastoral nomads.  A
relatively recent historical example is the conquest of the eastern
Slavs of Kievan Rus by the Mongols.  The cruel, authoritarian
political culture of modern Russia is a direct outgrowth of the
brutality they experienced under the Tatar yoke.
And the impetus the original desertification of North Africa and
Central Asia gave to the growth of nomadic cultures on marginal land
may have been a historical tipping point towards authoritarianism and
patriarchy.  The desertification of Central Asia led to a long-term
outflow of pastoral nomads from the steppes, overrunning the settled
agrarian populations to the south and west and promoting the rise of
extractive states and authoritarian cultural values.  Through a chain
reaction, the threat of conquest led to the adoption of militaristic
values by threatened populations.

@_date: 2010-02-24 00:33:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: ZNet Daily Commentary: Climate and 
I actually got it second hand through Larry Gambone, although I think
he dug pretty heavily into their work.  He's also tied the
cooperator/dominator society and desertification stuff together pretty
closely with Alice Miller's work on childhood development and
authoritarian personalities.  Also relevant is Arthur Silber's
blogging on Alice Miller in his "The Roots of Horror" series.
I might try to put something on this in the queue just to draw more
attention to Gambone's and Silber's work, although I haven't read any
primary scholarship on any of it firsthand.

@_date: 2010-02-24 17:32:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what open supply chains info reveals 
Definitely.  It dovetails very nicely with what Tom Peters wrote about
"intellect" and "ephemera" as sources of value.

@_date: 2010-02-25 17:43:09
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the arvidsson-carson maker turf-out .. 
I confess that was also my reaction.  I skimmed through the post and
saved it for more thorough reading later, but on first reading I
didn't see anything I'd consider a point of disagreement.

@_date: 2010-02-25 19:28:49
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the arvidsson-carson maker turf-out .. 
Ah, I get you.  I agree with Adam that the problem is the capitalist
value form, and the difficulties of adapting the system of exchange to
the technologies of abundance.
But rather than a basic income (the demand side), I'd prefer to focus
on the supply side:  eliminating the artificial scarcity component of
At the same time, most of the problem on the demand side can be
addressed by some other expedients:
1) the use of work-sharing and shorter work weeks to evenly distribute
the amount of necessary work that remains;
2) the rise of extended family or multi-family income-pooling
arrangements, cohousing projects, urban communes, etc.;
3) a shift of consumption wherever feasible, from the purchase of
store goods with wage income, to subsistence production or production
for barter in the household economy using home workshops, sewing
machines, ordinary kitchen food prep equipment, etc.  If every
unemployed or underemployed person with a sewing machine and good
skills put them to full use producing clothing for barter, and if
every unemployed or underemployed person turned to such a producer as
their first resort in obtaining clothing (and ditto for all other
forms of common home production, like baking, daycare services,
hairstyling, rides and running errands, etc.) the scale of the shift
from the capitalist economy to the informal economy would be
4) the promotion of local alt currency and barter networks taking
advantage of the latest network technology, and of mutuals as
mechanisms for pooling cost and risk.
Suppose the amount of necessary labor was only enough to give everyone
a twenty-hour work week--but at the same time the average rent or
mortgage payment fell to $150/month and anyone could join a
neighborhood hospital co-op for a $50 monthly fee, and a microfactory
in the community was churning out quality manufactured goods for a
fraction of their former price.
Putting it all together, the answer might be 1) for people to transfer
as much of their subsistence needs out of the money economy as it's
feasible to do right now, and to that extent to render themselves
independent of the old laws of economic value; and 2) where exchange
value and scarcity persist, to restore the linkages of equity between
effort and purchasing power.

@_date: 2010-02-26 00:53:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: ZNet Daily Commentary: Climate and 
For Arthur's entire roots of horror series, just do the following Google search:
site:thesacredmoment.blogspot.com "arthur silber" "the roots of horror"
Since Larry's pamphlet "The Primal Wound" was at the defunct Geocities
site, I'm including the downloaded web page as an attachment (which
unfortunately won't post to the group).

@_date: 2010-02-26 00:59:31
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: ZNet Daily Commentary: Climate and 
Here's a better link with all of Arthur's Alice Miller essays indexed:

@_date: 2010-02-26 12:47:51
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Request: Peer to Peer and Human Evolution 
OTOH, the comparatively low transaction cost of enforcing patents in
the mass production era was a business model based on producing a
handful of competing versions of the same kind of product, in
production runs of millions, and distributing them in a handful of
large centralized retailers.  If patents are violated by
mass-customized designs, by modular components for proprietary
designs, etc., produced in short runs by tens of thousands of garage
manufacturers and sold in tens of thousands of small independent
retailers, the transaction costs of enforcement would be much higher.

@_date: 2010-01-03 12:30:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] scaling the counter-economy 
Thanks much, Michel, and Happy New Year to you and the rest of the list.

@_date: 2010-01-06 01:28:21
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Millions of Health Freedom Fighters - Newsletter 
> Hi Michel,
 > it seems to me that Wikipedia is pissing off too many people.
 > Here is one who's not kidding. He's working for the alternative health
 > When he gets his teeth into someone, you can be pretty sure they are in
The problem is, this guy's objections to Wikipedia all seem to hinge
on the strawmen and stereotypes promulgated by snobs like Andrew
Keene.  IOW, most of the stuff Bolen has a problem with is the direct
opposite of what most people here object to.  Most people here object
to the shrinking insider clique of deletionists and notability hawks,
And frankly, I'm extremely skeptical that "library crazies" and pedos
vandalizing Wikipedia ranks very high as a serious drawback.  That
reeks either of someone who buys in to the second-hand critiques of
conventional liberal journalists who pine away for the lost cult of
professionalism, or somone whose experiences reflect personal
axe-grinding that's relevant to an infinitesimal fraction of
Wikipedia's content.  Generally, serious vandalism and crankery are
corrected relatively fast by the Wikipedia community's stigmergic

@_date: 2010-01-06 11:20:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Millions of Health Freedom Fighters - Newsletter 
I agree that his frustration with that is justified, but I think it
falls under my original statement that his critique applied mainly to
very small specialty areas.
And his beef with Wikipedia's treatment of alternative medicine
doesn't jibe very well with the general language he used to criticize
Wikipedia's editing practices.
When most people hear a complaint that Wikipedia lets crazy vagrants
edit it from library computers, they're not thinking "Oh, yeah, those
damn shopping bag people keep editing out the alternative medicine
material and replacing it with mainstream medical material."
The press is full of criticisms of "the cult of the amateur" that
sound very much like Bolen's, but most such people object to what they
see as excess freedom for advocates of the alternative (whether it be
alt medicine, heterodox econ, or whatever) without being properly
subject to gatekeeping authority by properly qualified

@_date: 2010-01-07 17:47:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Also quiet declines in total employment as a percentage of the
population, and in average work-weeks, that don't really show up very
well in the kinds of macroeconomic indicators you see in the newspaper
every day.
My hope is that the growing surplus of industrial capacity and labor
power will continue to be reflected in such quiet stagnation, and not
in sudden or catastrophic mass unemployment.
It would be good, toward that end, if artificial scarcities in
benefits like healthcare were removed so that it would be easily
affordable outside the traditional model of full-time employers as the
primary institutional base for the social safety net.
It would also be good if some sort of job-sharing, either formal or
informal and unannounced, gradually chips away at the average work
week rather than there being a sharp dichotomy between the
still-employed and a growing class of long-term unemployed.  We could
gradually transition to a society in which a shrinking percentage of
people had full-time jobs, and a larger share were part-time workers
living in extended families, cohousing and other income-pooling
And it would be good, in general, if more social safety net functions
were to gradually shift from the employer-based welfare state to
primary social units like the income-pooling arrangements (e.g.,
membership in one of Greco's credit-clearing networks might entail a
modest monthly payment (assessed as a percentage of one's total
transactions within the system) that would go toward sick benefits,
unemployment and disability, old age pension, etc., so that those who
became incapacitated would be able to obtain necessities from members
of the network.
What's needed, in sum, is 1) a "cramdown" or "mark to market" of most
of the inflated asset values that impose high fixed costs on the
average person, 2) an end to the artificial scarcities that enable
owners of fake property rights to prevent the benefits of increased
productivity from being passed on to workers and consumers, so that it
takes fewer hours of work to live comfortably.
If the full-time work week today were reduced to 32 hours in lieu of
10% unemployment, but the price of housing were allowed to fall to
normal historic levels (i.e. 20% of the average monthly income, rather
than 40-50%), and per capital healthcare expenditures were reduced to
European or even Canadian levels, we'd be a hell of a lot better off.

@_date: 2010-01-08 02:06:06
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Change in posting replies 
I just changed the list settings so that simply clicking "Reply" to a
message will send the message to the list rather than the individual
If Ryan or Michel objects, or any of the other members, please let me know.

@_date: 2010-01-11 23:03:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Can Marxian Economics Explain the Crisis? 
Marx himself, in vol. 3 of Capital, wrote of a number of offsetting
tendencies to the falling direct rate of profit, which were developed
by twentieth century Marxists (including the export of surplus
capital, in assorted theories of imperialism by Lenin, Kautsky,
Luxemburg, etc.).
IMO the most relevant Marxist work to the present crisis is that of
the neo-Marxists in the Monthly Review group, starting with Baran and
Sweezy's dissection of corporate capitalism's tendency toward
overaccumulation in Monopoly Capitalism.  More recently, Harry Magdoff
did some great work on financialization as a remedy for growing
surpluses, tendencies to jobless recoveries, etc., over the past
twenty years or so.

@_date: 2010-01-12 12:00:15
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Can Marxian Economics Explain the Crisis? 
The growing portion of profit that results from rents on IP is part of
a larger phenomenon, described by Marxist theorists of monopoly
capitalism earlier in the 20th century:  the extraction of surplus
value through the production process is being surpassed by the
extraction of super-profits through the exchange process.

@_date: 2010-01-12 12:19:22
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homebrew Industrial Revolution: A Low 
The Homebrew Industrial Revolution is based on a series of research
papers on industrial history I did for Center for a Stateless Society.
 It is available as an ebook:
In writing Organization Theory:  A Libertarian Perspective, I found
myself most engaged in researching the material on micromanufacturing,
household microenterprises, the alternative economy, and the
singularity resulting from them.
A major part of the material in The Homebrew Industrial Revolution is
drawn from Organization Theory, but was imperfectly tied together and
developed there.  I attempted to draw these themes together into my
first C4SS monograph, and then found myself developing them in a
series of followup papers.  Those papers gradually took shape in my
head as a book.
One theme is the rise and fall of Sloanist mass-production in light of
Mumford's paleotechnic/neotechnic periodization and his theory of the
cultural pseudomorph, and the rise of networked manufacturing as (in
the words of Michael Piore and Charles Sabel) the rediscovery after
more than a century of how to integrate electrical power into
Another is the contrast of Sloanism to the leanness, agility and
resilience of the alternative economy, with low overhead as the
central conceptual  principle around which my study of the latter is
organized.  Large inventories, high capital oulays, and high overhead
have the same effect on mass-production industry that shit has on a
human body bloated by constipation.  The higher the fixed costs
required to undertake an activity, the larger the income stream
required for a household or firm to service that overhead; the
enterprise must either get big or get out, and the household must have
multiple sources of full-time wage income to survive.  The alternative
economy, on the other hand, operates with almost no fixed costs, so
that almost all its revenue is free and clear and it can survive
prolonged periods of slow business.  Because it's organized
stigmergically, with modular open-source designs, innovation costs are
spread over the widest possible product ecologies with a minimum of
transaction costs.  The alternative economy is breeding the rats in
the nests of corporate dinosaurs.
Thanks much, Michel.  It's seven chapters, so would you prefer two
excerpts for chapter or a seven-month run?

@_date: 2010-01-12 14:17:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
What's a bit weird is that academic and research-related works
I wonder, specifically, about torrent sites for college textbooks.
it seems to me that there'd be a major demand for pirated versions
given the absolutely monstrous copyright markups, and the deliberately
crooked gimmicks used to circumvent competition in the used book
market.  The cost of scanning would be much lower given the
possibility of a modular approach, just scanning the new material that
publishers tweak old textbooks with each year.  And a single download
site catering to college students would probably have very high
The main obstacle would probably be finding a secure host in a country
where the DMCA isn't enforced.  And once torrent files were uploaded,
they'd probably be widely duplicated and circulated by other student
communities, including via darknets and "sneakernet."
I would absolutely rupture myself laughing at this.  As it is, I find
the local University library constantly plastered over with RIAA "Did
You Know?" handouts aimed at "educating" students about the dangers of
"stealing" music.  Can you imagine how many notches higher the
reaction would be if students were sharing pirated *textbooks* and
depriving the faculty of their $120 cover price for a 250pp book?  It
would probably look like Romania in the last days of Ceaucescu.

@_date: 2010-01-12 17:24:25
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 2010 will be a hot year in the US 
What Kunstler says is true, but it's only one side of it.  He strikes
me as a stereotypical liberal who pines for the days of the post-WWII
middle class consensus where every aspect of life was regulated by
"the proper authorities."  He has no appreciation at all for the
network culture, its resilience, or the network generation's potential
for routing around many of the obstacles created by Peak Oil and
finding cheaper relocalized alternatives without some sort of big
government liberal Manhattan Project to supervise the process.

@_date: 2010-01-14 14:47:15
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Haiti and debt 
Its foreign debt should also be cancelled.  The U.S. helpfully made
high-interest loans to Haiti to enable it to pay reparations, and it
was saddled with debt almost until the accession of the Duvalier
family--who again borrowed enormous sums from the U.S. to support
their corrupt lifestyle.  I think some 80% of Haiti's budget goes to
interest on the foreign debt.
As somebody at Alternet said, Haiti has indeed suffered ever since it
made a bargain with the devil--but the devil was the United States.

@_date: 2010-01-14 21:59:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
Do your photocopy shops tend to be copyright hawks, by and large?
Here the people at Kinko's won't photocopy anything for you themselves
unless you practically pass a polygraph swearing it isn't subject to

@_date: 2010-01-14 22:04:22
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
Copy shops are certainly expensive in the U.S.  Even in Fayetteville,
AR, a college town of close to 100,000, the only prominent copy shop
is a single FedEx-Kinkos.  Not only are the per-copy prices very bad,
but their computer stations offer poor-quality software.  No Firefox,
no Open Office.  Just the standard vanilla-flavored crap from Redmond,
all around.
This tells me there's not much competition.  I wonder just what the
capital outlays and other entry barriers are to setting up an
independent copy shop, and what kinds of government regulations raise
the cost.

@_date: 2010-01-16 12:17:03
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
1) To make their own labor more efficient and reduce the amount of
effort required for a given output;
2) For the entrepreneurial profits that temporarily result from the
first-mover advantage of offering a new innovation; and
3) To be able to compete, in the long run, with other producers'
production costs.
I don't see any of these things as illegitimate.  The only things
illegitimate are artificial scarcity, and entry barriers that lock in
permanent profits for innovation against competition by later

@_date: 2010-01-16 12:25:03
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Haiti and debt 
Thanks for the clarifications, Ryan.
In general, I think the international community should respect the
principle of "odious debt" in cancelling add debts acquired by
previous dictatorial regimes.  For that matter, even debt acquired by
formally democratic regimes (what Chomsky calls "spectator
democracies") should be regarded as odious when it was acquired
pursuant to the decisions of technocratic policy elites with close
ties to the World Bank and IMF, and insulated from genine democratic
The global neoliberal apparatus has fostered the growth of such
technocratic Third World elites, as insulated as possible from
democratic accountability, for a wide range of issues.  It's certainly
true for the Uruguay Round of GATT, which was developed behind closed
doors and rubber stamped by formally democratic parliamentary bodies
with little or no public consideration--and for recent changes in
digital copyright law as well.
As Chomsky has pointed out (re NAFTA among other things), when
two-thirds of the bipartisan policy establishment agrees on a measure,
and two-thirds of the American public is against it, guess which side

@_date: 2010-01-17 12:30:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
IIRC, "samizdat pirate" was a term used in the USSR, illustrating the
parallel between the respective forms of information lockdown the
Soviet oligarchy and American corporate power depended on.
Even with a highly authoritarian Internet surveillance regime, BTW,
burning CDs or making floppy disk copies of stuff from hard drive and
distributing it by sneakernet would be a massive improvement over the
means available to the Soviet samizdat movement.

@_date: 2010-01-18 01:24:59
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
Best wishes for a successful diagnosis and treatment, Michel, and your
speedy recovery.

@_date: 2010-01-18 23:25:40
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
Here's hoping you get good news soon.
I can't promise a weekly article, but I'll keep an eye out for stuff
I'm working on that's relevant to the blog and post it where gaps in
the posting schedule indicate it will do the most good.  And I'll
definitely get the stuff posted that I've promised in the past (like
scaling the countereconomy, assorted crisis theories, and the Homebrew

@_date: 2010-01-19 08:21:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Asking Citizens What They Want Out Of Copyright Law 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Asking Citizens What
They Want Out Of Copyright Law Is Really Just A 'Tactic To Confuse'?
via Techdirt by Mike Masnick on 1/18/10
One of the more stunning realities that has become clear in watching
the entertainment industry, as it responds to people who are actually
impacted by ever more draconian copyright laws, is the fact that the
industry doesn't view other positions as worth hearing at all. To the
industry, copyright law has one purpose and one purpose only: to
protect the big players in the content making business. Everyone else
is secondary. Unfortunately, those big industry players have powerful
lobbyists. That's why it was so nice to see Canada at least hold an
open process to hear from the public. Of course, we were skeptical if
those voices would really be heard, and stories about the industry
itself stacking the deck at public gatherings did not bode well.
Separately, with so much pressure coming from other countries, we
wondered if Canada would be able to resist implementing ever more
draconian copyright laws, which would be a serious drain on the
Canadian economy. So far they have resisted, but the pressure from
outside continues to be fierce. We recently noted that US lobbyists and
lawyers were insisting that Canada needed to be dragged into the 21st
century, and now European trade negotiators are pushing hard on Canada
to change its copyright laws despite no actual evidence of any problem
with existing laws.
But what's most troubling of all is that these trade reps don't seem to
care at all what Canadian citizens had to say. Despite receiving
thousands of well-argued, well-thought-out statements concerning
Canadian copyright law, EU trade negotiators are dismissing the whole
process as "a tactic to confuse." To confuse who? About what? Holding
an open discussion with citizens, rather than just backroom deals to
protect a small group of companies? I'd argue that's the very opposite
of a tactic to confuse, but rather it's a tactic to enlighten.
Permalink | Comments | Email This Story
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Techdirt using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-19 12:17:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
Thanks much, Carolina.  If you have a login, the Wordpress dashboard
shows when existing drafts are scheduled for publication, so you can
see where the gaps are.  If not, Ryan or I can submit them for you.

@_date: 2010-01-19 15:52:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
I'm afraid that wasn't Michel and it wasn't irony.  The author has
been unsubbed until his problems are resolved.

@_date: 2010-01-19 16:04:21
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
No problem.  I admit I'm rather taken aback by the situation myself.

@_date: 2010-01-23 12:42:21
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The open-source hydrogen car set to change the 
Very interesting.  But I can't find any specific mention anywhere of
even a ballpark estimate of production cost.  This strikes me as one
of the most important considerations in evaluating the significance of

@_date: 2010-01-23 13:46:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Well, in part a cramdown of housing prices and other asset values that
contribute to the fixed costs of living, and all the monopoly and
artificial scarcity components of healthcare, would remove some of the
pressure on income.  And the trend toward unemployment and
underemployment would increase pressure for work-sharing as an
alternative to unemployment.  It's a lot better to have 32 hour work
weeks than to have 25% of the population unemployed.  The more people
feel the wolves nipping at their heels and start to think "it could
happen to me," the more the possibility of secure employment at
reduced hours will seem like a hope rather than a threat.

@_date: 2010-01-23 13:51:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
To a large extent, I think European-style social democracy is just a
simulation of the way civil society would have developed in free
societies over the past several hundred years, had not absolute states
suppressed the free town communes, expropriated and enclosed peasant
land, etc., starting in the late Middle Ages.
The kinds of socialsafety net functions currently provided by the
government welfare state, and by the employer-based welfare state,
would have been provided within the context of voluntary communal
institutions like mutual aid associations, multi-family or -household
risk- and income-pooling arrangements, etc.

@_date: 2010-01-25 23:41:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
Sure it can, so long as the scarcity is natural, and the profit is a
temporary entrepreneurial first-mover rent.  Entrepreneurial profit is
entirely healthy, because it's a strong motivator to be first to
market with useful innovations; but it's entirely healthy, because
there are no artificial property rights or other artificial sources of
scarcity to prevent the free diffusion of the innovation or to prevent
the market from driving price down to cost as fast as competitors
adopt the innovation.

@_date: 2010-01-30 12:22:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Let's say it all together now:
DRM and forced updates
DRM and forced updates
DRM and forced updates
The next time that "Neo" mac guy taunts the stodgy PC guy about
Windows' DRM and forced updates on one of those commercials, I guess
the guy in the suit will have a snappy comeback.

@_date: 2010-01-30 12:42:07
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
There's a difference between saving the "music industry" and paying
actual content creators.  Every day Techdirt has material on how
content creators have followed business models that don't require
artificial scarcity rents on proprietary content.
And as I understand it, the whole postscarcity/abundance movement is
about eliminating artificial scarcity, and the portion of the
monetized GDP and commodity price that result from artificial
scarcity.  The implosion of the part of commodity price that results
from rents on artificial property reduces the number of hours we have
to work to obtain stuff that was formerly proprietary.  Reduced prices
in every aspect of life reduce the hours we have to work to live.
As Chris Anderson described it, Encarta badly hurt the hard copy
encyclopedia industry.  And then Wikipedia hurt it far more--along
with also destroying Encarta as a proprietary alternative to the
traditional encyclopedia.  This eliminated many, many billions of
dollars of previously monetized value that previously supported some
content generators.  If Steve Jobs figured out some way to "save the
encyclopedia industry" against the Wikiipedia threat, would you
consider that a good thing?  How about if somebody had managed to save
the buggy whip makers against Henry Ford?  If somebody comes up with a
Star Trek replicator that can produce any food or consumer good at
zero marginal cost, will it be a good thing if somebody figures out a
way to "save the food/clothing/appliance industries" by enabling
manufacturers to keep charging for them?
That's what Eric Reasons was arguing a few months back on the
implosion of artificial scarcity rents.
Speaking for myself, P2P is very much about opposition to
"intellectual property."  I was drawn to the open movement for the
same reason people who considered slavery illegitimate were drawn to
the abolitionist movement.  I think Stallman also considers IP
illegitimate in principle.
For me, open-source is a way of recreating, within the belly of the
beast, the state of affairs that would exist if copyrights and patents
didn't exist at all.
And again, as I understand it the open movement is about the ultimate
value of eliminating artificial scarcity.  So while some accommodation
to IP as an interim measure may be consistent with this, it is still
in some way a compromise of the fundamental culture of the movement.
The problem is they're "competing" in an artificial ecosystem defined
by "intellectual property."  Capitalism won because the playing field
was tilted.  If I lived in Virginia in 1850, I wouldn't say that slave
cotton plantations must be better than free ones because they
outcompeted in the market.  I'd question the basic structural
preconditions of the market.

@_date: 2010-01-30 12:44:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Maybe so.  Maybe what they're doing wrong is assuming that IP is in
any way legitimate and that they should "compete" with the proprietary
conent model in a legal framework defined by the latter.  Maybe their
first priority should be to make it cheap, easy, user-friendly and as
low-risk as possible to pirate and distribute proprietary content, and
design a reader that makes it easy to access such content at a low

@_date: 2010-01-30 13:04:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open manufacturing, generalized exchange, 
I think it also conflates two separate predictions:  that demand for
use-value will never fall, and that demand in the sense of monetized
demand for monetized prices will never fall.
I don't think that material demand for use-value is infinitely
upwardly elastic.   While it may not be fixed, it will probably not
expand sufficiently to compensate for the labor-power and capital
freed up by increased efficiency (Eric Reasons again).
But whatever the consumer demand for use-value, I don't think existing
models of capturing productivity increases in monetized form  as a
rent to those who own and control the industries are viable.

@_date: 2010-01-31 12:24:37
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
============================== START ==============================
The reason such attempts at organization (land trusts, etc.) have
failed is that they work within the larger framework of a system in
which artificial property rights (title to vacant and unimproved land,
IP, entry barriers to competition in the supply of credit, mandated
levels of capitalization for things like Greco's credit-clearing
networks, artificial scarcity from zoning and licensing, etc.) are
enforced by the state.
The only way to success IMO is through developing means...
1) to find ways of using limited amounts of land and capital so much
more efficiently than those with privileged access to large amounts of
it, that it becomes useless to the privileged class.  This means
Robb's STEMI compression, Nathan Cravens' productive recursion, Vinay
Gupta's distributed infrastructure, the lean principles Amory Lovins
discusses in Natural Capitalism, using networked stigmergic
organization for the superior reaction times Eric Raymond described,
etc.; and
2) to find ways of making the artificial property rights
unenforceable.  This means, to take a few examples:
2a) in the area of IP, by rapid improvements in encryption and
anonymization, the proliferation of darknets, etc., that make our
activity completely opaque to the state;
2b) garage manufacturing for networked local markets on such small
scales as to make the costs of detecting patent and trademark
infringements prohibitive;
2c) household microenterprises on such a small scale as to make zoning
and licensing regimes unenforceable;
2d) encrypted mutual credit and credit clearing systems that operate
without any state-mandated initial capitalization, and are invisible
to the state taxing authorities;
2e) etc.
There is a significant difference between 1) natural profit which
results from temporary scarcity as supply adjusts to demand, where
there are no entry barriers to prevent competing suppliers from freely
entering the market to meet the demand, and 2) scarcity rents
resulting from entry barriers and artificial property rights.  The
former kind of profit is self-liquidating (free competition flushes
profit out of a system pretty quickly, so that the entrepreneur must
quickly move on to the next big thing, and the next, and so on, rather
than living off the rents of one-hit wonders).   What's more, it's
salutary while it does exist because it provides a strong incentive
for competing producers to enter the market rapidly, and to adopt new
innovations rapidly.  As a result, production costs and prices fall
much more rapidly as a direct result of such legitimate short-term
profit than they would under a regime where production costs were
painstakingly calculated and the last farthing of surplus used to buy
into the capital assets.

@_date: 2010-07-06 13:58:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ASCAP Declares War on Free Culture 
This is excellent news.  As it is, the way the press reports on such
issues, there's no indication of a "fight" of any sort.  The
mainstream press simply reports the position of groups like the MPAA
and RIAA, along with some quip from Joe Biden, and gives the
impression that there's no debate -- the "other side" is just a bunch
of freeloading pimply-faced teenagers who don't even have a coherent
position other than wanting to get free stuff.
If they want to publicize this as a fight, it will mean the press will
have to report for the first time that there *is* a fight, with some
idea of what it's about.  Even reporting that there *are* such
organizations as EFF that have a coherent position of some kind
challenging the maximalist copyright position will result in a glitch
in the Matrix for many people.
Just goes to show, once again, that the Copyright Nazis' stormtroopers
are stoopid.
This ought to work out for them, on the PR front, about as well as
suing thousands of teenagers for copyright infringement.

@_date: 2010-07-13 12:37:50
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
"Free market capitalism" is an oxymoron.  Historic capitalism (not
only debt-based but based on a myriad government interventions,
subsidies, protections, and artificial property rights) is as much a
statist construct as state socialism -- it just hides behind "free
market" rhetoric in the same way that Stalin appropriated the language
and symbolism of the historic socialist movement.
Without peasant land expropriations and quasi-feudal titles to land,
totalitarian restrictions on self-organization by labor, the forcible
conquest of most of the earth and appropriation of land and mineral
wealth, coercion of other countries into trade relations on unequal
terms, massive subsidies to economic centralization and the most
capital-intensive business models, and the cartelizing effects of
"intellectual property" and assorted regulations, capitalism wouldn't
have *been* capitalism.  Capitalism, as a historic system of political
economy, was really just an outgrowth of feudalism with markets
grafted in and allowed to operate in the interstices to a limited
Capitalism is becoming the past, but free markets may be a big part of
the future.

@_date: 2010-07-13 12:51:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Capitalism 
I don't really even think any form of Marxist state practice can be
straightforwardly drawn from Marx himself, because Marx was so vague
about his ideas of a post-capitalist society.
I do find Marxist ideas useful as a tool of analysis.  I think Marx
and the Marxists got it wrong on the root cause of economic
exploitation.  But given that it does in fact occur, and that things
like maldistribution of purchasing power, overaccumulation and
underconsumption are all real, Marx's theory of late capitalism in
Capital vol. III  and the analysis of assorted neo-Marxists in the
Monthly Review group is pretty much spot-on.  Particularly useful has
been that group's analysis of financialization, jobless recoveries,
etc., from the 1980s on.
It's also interesting how Marxist theories of overaccumulation
dovetail to a considerable extent with Austrian theories of

@_date: 2010-07-13 12:57:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Capitalism 
I think the very idea of "the economy," capitalist or any other kind,
has reached its peak.  That's not to say that any place, including the
industrialized world, has reached a peak in terms of standard of
living.  I'm guardedly optimistic on that score.  But there's not much
growth potential for "the economy," capitalist or any other kind, in
the developing world or anywhere else, because post-scarcity
technology is undermining innovation as something to be capitalized as
a source of revenue.  As the capital outlays required for a given
level of production implode, and artificial scarcities/artificial
property rights become increasingly unenforceable as a source of
rents, the monetized economy will shrink everywhere.

@_date: 2010-07-14 23:11:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Privacy-friendly ISPs 
Can anyone recommend a source that ranks Internet service providers in
terms of their respect for customer privacy and their refusal to
cooperate with the RIAA beyond the bare minimum that is absolutely
required by law?  Especially ISPs deliberatedly located in countries
where the legal apparatus for enforcing the DMCA is relatively weak,
or ideologically motivated ISPs that are hostile toward the RIAA as a
matter of principle?

@_date: 2010-07-15 15:50:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative economy approach 
They do seem to be getting some things right, but the problem IMO is
that they're reinventing the wheel.  We've got an endless supply of
attempts at creating a single, overarching umbrella/network
organization for the alternative economy, and it would be far better
to pick a single one -- whatever it is -- and stick with it.   And the
one to pick should be chosen based on network effects -- the number of
prominent alt economy organizations affiliated with it.
Global Villages and Transition Towns are two of the most promising
organizations, and IMO the Solidarity Economy Network is the single
most promising clearinghouse for coordinating such movements.  If you
look for a single nucleus where the most prominent alt economy
organizations are already affiliated, SEN is it.  It's comparable to
the creation of the I.W.W. as an umbrella organization in 1905, with
all the "big dawgs" in it:  Haywood from the Western Federation of
Miners, Debs from the ARA and Socialist Party, DeLeon from the SLP,
Mary "Mother" Jones, etc.

@_date: 2010-07-16 11:57:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative economy approach 
I don't know of any, and there may be some value in it.  But when it
comes to that sort of thing, I expect that most alt exchange systems
will develop locally in a very ad hoc fashion, with little regard to
such attempts to create an overarching template. My guess is that
people will shift to the purchase of locally produced goods, not
through a deliberate choice to participate in such an over-arching
network, but in the face of economic necessity as Peak Oil shortens
supply and distribution chains and micromanufacturing supplants
large-scale mass production.  It's just my opinion, but Local Mart
strikes me as an attempt to supply a standard model for something that
doesn't need one.

@_date: 2010-07-17 12:25:09
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative economy approach 
I'm not even sure I disagree with this.  I just think the common
patterns will emerge through something other than one group devising a
new template from scratch that appears to include only a handful of
marts with a handful of product categories each, while a thousand
other flowers are meanwhile blooming and doing their own thing -- the
overall pattern may be similar, but I expect the local iterations of
it to emerge from all sorts of stuff on the pattern of Craigslist,
Freecycle, p2p exchange systems modeled on them, etc.

@_date: 2010-07-18 12:17:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Unionism... organizing 4 democracy at work 
I think this is definitely material for a post.  It reminds me a bit
of attempts to organize the unemployed into radicalized unions of
their own during the CIO's big strikes in the early '30s, which put
pressure on conservative governments from a second front and also made
the unemployed harder to recruit as scabs.
The I.W.W. and some radicals in the AFL-CIO and SEIU are also
proposing a different model of "minority unionism" where the
federation recognizes locals made up of a minority of workers in a
workplace even when they don't  meet the standards for NLRB
certification under Wagner; the same people are big on the French
model of labor federations and unions offering union membership (and
with it benefits like cheap mutual insurance and other forms of
networked mutual aid) to people who are unemployed or don't have a
local in their workplace.  The idea is to make union membership open
to anyone who wants it, without jumping through the NLRB's hoops. This
would also work well with labor tactics (like those in the old Wob
pamphlet "How to Fire Your Boss") other than conventional strikes,
aimed at fighting guerrilla war inside the workplace.

@_date: 2010-07-18 12:38:45
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
I'll look into it.  As I recall vaguely from reading his blog, Greer
is a primitivist sort along the same lines as Kirk Sale, who's hostile
overall to high-tech stuff.  And as much as I admire his work, Dave
Pollard is much the same way:  seeing the assorted Peak Everything
crises leading to a post-tech future.
If this is indeed Greer's orientation, I'd probably have to use him as
a foil or straight-man for Mumford.
What I don't understand about these guys is how they miss the obvious:
 how digital technology and the network revolution are at the heart of
what's creating the potential for a low-impact, less
resource-intensive economy.  Green and high-tech are allies against
mass production and the mountains of deliberately obsolete goods
piling up in our landfills, and against the globalist economic model
of truck/containership warehouses linking points of production and
points of consumption thousands of miles apart.
If any single thing reduces the need for fuel, it will be shifting
wherever feasible from the movement of material to the movement of
information.  Despite all the talk of how big the carbon footprint of
server farms is, compare it to the carbon footprint of the low-hanging
fruit they could replace:  replacing business air travel with
teleconferencing, replacing most white-collar commutes with working at
home, the sharing of digital designs with relocalized neighborhood
manufacturers, etc.  If it's looked at in those terms, then the
servers and communications infrastructure are worth their weight in
gold, and will (along with freight trains) be given all the rationed
fuel they can use even when fossil fuel ouput is at 20% of present

@_date: 2010-07-18 12:47:10
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] facebook and organizing, for and against 
I can certainly link to it, but there's not much constructive I can
add beyond seconding--enthusiastically--what he's already said very
well, and throwing in my own reaction that this is just another item
in an already definitively long list of reasons to avoid Facebook like
the plague.
I totally agree that most social networking sites, aside from those
dedicated to some specific purpose, are time sucks.  Having to keep up
with all the updates strikes me as a kind of full-time job that
doesn't leave any time for thoughtful writing.  That a microcephalic
cretin like Sarah Palin communicates with the world through her
Facebook page says it all IMO.

@_date: 2010-07-18 13:12:12
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
I don't think the quotes reflect so much a misunderstanding of how
central banking works as a difference over its moral significance.
A lot of libertarians object, on principle, to the creation of money
by a central bank.  My argument is that *if* you're going to have a
central banking system issuing fiat money anyway, there's nothing any
*less* statist about enabling banks to loan it into existence at
interest by tweaking their reserve requirements or increasing their
reserves through open market operations.
If anything, it would be *less* statist to follow the Social Credit
route of depositing the new money into existence in citizens' bank
accounts, or the greenback route of spending into existence an amount
of money equal to the Keynesian demand shortfall rather than selling
bonds to cover the deficit.  I say it would be less statist because
the exact same function would be performed, but without feeding an
entire separate layer of rentiers at taxpayer expense.
It's analogous to the kind of "libertarian" at venues like Heritage or
the Adam Smith Institute who thinks it's "less statist" to "privatize"
functions by outsourcing taxpayer-financed, state monopoly functions
to nominally private entities.  If the function is protected from
market competition by state regulations, and the people performing it
have a state-guaranteed revenue stream, I don't see how their nominal
"private" status makes things any less statist.  Their essence as a
branch of the state is just concealed, and the REAL state includes
another parastic layer of shareholders in addition to state
bureaucrats.  But for the worst kind of right-wing market
libertarians, the "free market" just means funnelling state loot to
nominally private corporate entities like Halliburton.

@_date: 2010-07-19 21:00:10
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bonds VS Bills for P2P Money 
Again, this makes perfect sense.  If government is going to control
the money supply by the creation of fiat money out of nothing, I see
no reason whatsoever what's more "free market" or "liberal" about the
government delegating the function to banks that lend it into
existence at interest, rather than depositing it directly into
existence itself interest-free.

@_date: 2010-07-19 21:10:46
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks! 
I'm afraid that strengthening the government against the banks is a
pretty risky strategy, because government by its nature is more easily
captured and controlled by the few than by the many.  Whatever
"progressive" powers are granted government will succumb in the long
run to the Iron Law of Oligarchy.  What's most likely, and what we've
seen over and over during the past 150 years of government-corporate
collusion (including the "Progressive" Era and New Deal) is that
government measures are undertaken for the primary purpose of
stabilizing capitalism for the big boys, but sold to the public as
"progressive" by useful idiots like Upton Sinclair.
Now that's getting in the spirit of things.  But tanks are too messy.
I prefer methods that leave the bankers' (and Fortune 500 CEOs')
bleeding heads relatively undamaged so they'll look better on pikes
along Wall Street.

@_date: 2010-07-19 22:37:35
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
I wonder how much creativity there'd have been a few centuries ago if,
say, the Petrarch estate got a copyright extension every few years
from the government of Florence, and Shakespeare had to worry about
getting a DMCA takedown notice.  I think Soderberg's direct comparison
between Soviet control of photocopiers and the FBI-RIAA control of
file-sharing technology, as totalitarian supports to the rule of a
dominant class, is a good one.
I do object to calling it "free market ideology," any more than
Stalin's bureaucratic oligarchy was "socialism."   What we had was a
showdown between two totalizing statist systems:  "socialism" for the
Party apparat vs. "socialism" for the corporate plutocracy.

@_date: 2010-07-19 22:44:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
Sure.  I'd agree with most of this.  My objection is to the "serious
thinkers" on CNBC and the WSJ who think that fiat money creation by
lending it into existence under the auspices of a central banking is
somehow the "responsible" thing to do, whereas Lincoln's Greenbacks or
Maj. Douglas's Social Credit is some sort of crankery -- and that the
folks who question their preference for the former or advocate the
latter should stop worrying their pretty little heads about stuff they
don't understand, and leave it to the grownups.
My point is that social credit is *no more* a fiat system than is the
current Federal Reserve system, and that we should be looking
seriously at the material interests being served by the choice of one
system over another.
The difference comes down to *whose* interests are being served, and
*who* has the ability in the present structure of power to "choose"
between those "machines for making value."

@_date: 2010-07-19 22:47:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
I'd also take issue with what seems to me to be your relatively
charitable and nonconfrontational view of the choice between machines
as some sort of reflection of the state of consciousness of society as
a whole, on its great journey to get its head in the right place--as
opposed to a reflection of the material interests of those who hold
disproportionate power within the system.

@_date: 2010-07-19 23:59:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Unionism... organizing 4 democracy at work 
I'm just juggling too many small deadlines, which I'm not at all good at.

@_date: 2010-07-20 14:38:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments 
In other words, you're creating money that you have to pay interest
on--despite the fact that it is not money created by the abstention of
the "lender," but lent into existence out of thin air by government
altering the amount that can be lent against a given amount of
reserve.  When gov't tells a bank "Surprise!  You can suddenly lend
out another $100,000 more against the reserves you already have,
without sinking a penny of your own money," the interest they collect
on the new "loans" is just free money.  If we're "privileged" by being
able to borrow (at interest) money that cost them nothing to "lend" --
especially when government could just as easily have deposited the
same amount of money into existence interest-free -- how privileged
are they to be collecting interest on it?
When the seller justifies his price in terms of how much the consumer
benefits and how much it would cost him to do without, rather than
what it costs the producer to provide the benefit, you know you've got
a rigged game.  You're dealing with an administered pricing system
where the seller can tailor the price to just enough below utility to
the consumer to keep the consumer coming back, without any market
competition to drive price down to production cost.

@_date: 2010-07-20 14:43:49
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Advantages of Debt 
The difference is that the Austrians are hard money cranks, and they'd
call Patrick a soft money crank.  To put it in Tom Greco's framework,
soft money cranks like Patrick (and me) see money primarily as a unit
of measure for denominating the exchange of present and future goods,
whereas the Austrians see money as a store of past value.  In a mutual
credit-clearing system, you don't need some store of past value as
"backing" for the money.  And the Austrians are all about gold
precisely for the purpose of such backing.

@_date: 2010-07-20 23:52:21
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
My usual reaction to stories of plutocratic philanthropy is that,
instead of giving back part of what they extracted from society, they
just shouldn't steal in the first place.  I don't think it's possible
to become a billionaire by honest means, without some sort of rent
extraction with the help of the government.  Just about every penny of
Gates' fortune comes from the "intellectual property" rents he's
extracted with the help of the state.

@_date: 2010-07-21 09:55:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
Politicians and bureaucrats ought not to be the ones who
Nice work if you can get it...especially when someone
I agree, in principle--with the caveat that managers of giant
corporations fall more on the "state" side than the "private" side of
the state/private dichotomy.  Corporate senior management has most or
all of the charastics of bureaucratic state planners.
The idea of shareholder "ownership" of the corporation is a myth.
Proxy fights almost always fail.  After a brief period of successful
hostile takeovers in the eighties effective counter-measures were
developed by management so that almost all takeovers today are
friendly and in collusion with the management of the bought-out
company.  And most financing of capital investment is with retained
earnings rather than the sale of bonds.
This means that management is really a self-perpetuating oligarchy in
de facto control of a mass of unowned capital, investing money that
they didn't contribute and won't personally lose.  When Oskar Lange
and Fred Taylor came up with their "market socialism" model, Mises
pointed out that they weren't real entrepreneurs:  they were "playing
at markets" because they were risking other people's money with none
of their own to lose, but stood to collect the gains from any
successes.  If that isn't a textbook description of the incentive
structure for people like Bob Nardelli and the hedge fund managers, I
don't know what is.  And the sheer information and incentive problems
created by hierarchy within the "little Gosplan" of a corporation are
almost a direct mirror-image of the irrationality involved in state

@_date: 2010-07-22 14:29:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments 
Because the terms and conditions on which an institution is allowed to
lend money are controlled by regulations that reflect the primary
interest of conventional capitalist banks in restraining competition.
Even the issue of secured loans against the borrower's collateral,
which is strictly speaking not even a loan at all but rather the
monetization of property, requires the "lending" institution to amass
some artificially high level of initial capitalization as a condition
of licensing.  In other words, the incumbent players impose a cost
structure on the competition that's totally unrelated to the actual
costs of doing business, as an entry barrier.
Efforts like Greco's credit-clearing system, to the extent that their
activities can be plausibly interpreted as "lending," are on the very
risky border of illegality when they operate without meeting the
licensing and capitalization requirements of the regulatory regime.
The regulatory regime is premised on the assumption that "credit" is
something advanced against past savings, and that money is primarily a
store of past value rather than a measure for denominating the
exchange of present and future goods.
It's analogous to a situation in which the government mandates capital
outlays on extremely expensive, product-specific machinery on the
Sloan model as a precondition for undertaking auto production, even if
you want to do it on a networked/flexible manufacturing basis.  You
might as well argue under those circumstances that you're free to
enter the market and undertake decentralized flexible manufacturing,
so long as you have the money to do it on the regulatory terms
prescribed by your high-cost competition.
Another analogy is the old regulations the funeral home industry used
to have, as described by Mitford in The American Way of Death.  They
mandated the purchase of a casket even for bodies that were being
cremated.  So you could say, if you don't believe in burial, you're
free to be cremated--so long as you're willing to buy a casket anyway.
The whole point of most regulatory regimes is to mandate high-cost
modes of operation, in order to protect high-cost operators against
low-cost competition.
So long as the alternative economy is forced to compete in a cost
structure defined by subsidies and state protections to its
competitors, it will be a yuppie lifestyle choice forced to swim
upstream against market forces.
I believe interest-free credit systems *will* emerge from the time of
troubles.  But they will be technically illegal--which means it runs
up against the same scruples you've expressed re file-sharing.  The
emergence of the counter-economy will be what Robb calls an
open-source insurgency, in direct defiance of the corporate state's
regulations and artificial property rights.
I think this gets back to the heart of our old, fundamental difference
on how the law works.  You tend to treat it as some sort of social
technology, based on the social consensus and where "society's" head
is at at any given time, and thus having some moral authority.  I view
it as rooted in a power structure built to serve certain particular
class interests, and having no more moral authority than slavery.

@_date: 2010-07-22 21:56:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
Since this draft post seems to be a pretty comprehensive framework for
the discussion, in lieu of my writing a separate post could you plug
my comments (partly edited from my on-list comments) in with everybody
Michel Bauwens originally solicited my comment on Greer's views from
the standpoint of a tie-in with Lewis Mumford's thought.  But to the
extent that, like Dave Pollard, he sees assorted Peak Everything
crises leading to a post-tech future, I feel Greer is best treated as
a foil or straight-man for Mumford.
Digital technology and the network revolution are at the heart of
what's creating the potential for a low-impact, less
resource-intensive economy.  Green and high-tech are allies against
mass production and the mountains of deliberately obsolete goods
piling up in our landfills, and against the globalist economic model
of truck/containership warehouses linking points of production and
points of consumption thousands of miles apart.
If any single thing reduces the need for fuel, it will be shifting
wherever feasible from the movement of material to the movement of
information.  Despite all the talk of how big the carbon footprint of
server farms is, compare it to the carbon footprint of the low-hanging
fruit they could replace:  replacing business air travel with
teleconferencing, replacing most white-collar commutes with working at
home, the sharing of digital designs with relocalized neighborhood
manufacturers, etc.  If it's looked at in those terms, then the
servers and communications infrastructure are worth their weight in
gold, and will (along with freight trains) be given all the rationed
fuel they can use even when fossil fuel ouput is at 20% of present
Greer's point, that the desirability of the Internet does not mean it
will survive, might seem to be a telling objection to my views on the
significance of telecommuting and teleconferencing.  But it misses the
point of Mash's argument quoted above:  to the extent that the
Internet is a loose network of lots of modular local systems, it's
quite likely that local meshwork systems may survive indefinitely as
community "intranets" of sorts.  Given that, the capacity of central
trunk lines and servers for connecting them are not an all-or-nothing
thing but a more-or-less thing.  In fact his own example of the Roman
courier relays--which survived in modular, local form in the
cities--works against him in this regard.
Greer is entirely correct that the "job" as primary vehicle for work
is likely to disappear or become drastically reduced in significance.
But the rapid evolution of micromanufacturing technology, with
networked/flexible manufacturing using affordable general-purpose CNC
tools for craft production, is currently driving just such a shift.
We're seeing a reversal of the economic forces that created the "job"
two hundred years ago:  a shift back from expensive mass-production
machinery to individually affordable craft tools.
And I think Greer seriously underestimates the resilience of society.
The development of micromanufacturing and decentralized production
technology means that a much larger and growing portion of the total
prerequisites for meeting our consumption needs can be produced
locally.  Projects like Factor e Farm are in the process of expanding
the technologies available for continuing this shift even more
rapidly.  And the larger the share of the prerequisites for production
that are modular and scalable and locally reproducible, the smaller
the share of the prerequisites for production will remain as weak
links.   Arguably, the smaller the number of weak links, the more
plausible it is that the market will shift dwindling resources to
maintaining these weak links.
The significant thing about the slow collapse of the Western Roman
empire in my opinion is that the component parts of production
technology that were modular and scalable to the village or town
economy survived.  It was emergent or wholistic relationships between
these components that collapsed.  And we're in the middle of a
revolutionary shift toward modularity and scalability in share of our
total prerequisites for production unequalled since the beginning of
the Industrial Revolution -- and amounting in many ways to a reversal
of the increasing brittleness entailed in mass-production society, on
the same scale as the original increase.
The more energy resources are freed up by market pressures toward
relocalization and shortening of supply-distribution chains, where it
is possible to do so, the more resources will be freed up for shifting
to redundant cushioning mechanisms for the reduced number of weak

@_date: 2010-07-24 12:50:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] liberaltarianism 
I'll have to pass on this, because it's too unrelated to anything I'm
working on right now and I've still got the post on Greer to do.
Usually I'm better at writing on a few big things that are direct
outgrowths of what I'm already doing.

@_date: 2010-07-24 13:05:51
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Any firm following a state-enforced monopoly business model, to the
extent it is successful doing so, produces good lives for those on the
gravy train.  Boeing and Lockheed-Martin have also produced good lives
for those who work for them and collect their dividends.  That doesn't
change the fact that it's theft.
If an a priori set of ethical postulates that leads me to believe that
intellectual property" is theft is "religious," so be it.  But by the
same standard your own repeated assertion that copyright violations
like file-sharing are theft is also religious.
Anyone who lives off the rents of state-enforced monopoly privilege is a thief.
If calling a thief a thief is "hate," so be it.  So apparently you
hate downloaders, eh, brother?
My impression is that your own language of moral condemnation re
things you disapprove of, in the past, has been just as strong as my
moral condemnation of Bill Gates.  So please get off that high horse
about "hate" before you fall and hurt yourself.
Alternating between an anti-metaphysical, wertfrei stance and language
of moral condemnation, when either is convenient for the immediate
situation, must be a useful strategy.

@_date: 2010-07-26 15:47:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
I think your implicit assumptions here get it almost directly
backward.  Getting rich would be a lot harder, and I would say getting
super-rich would be virtually impossible, in a genuinely free market.
The main function of state interventions in the market, and state
limitations on the operation of the free market, has not been to
reduce the amount of blood or economic exploitation.  It has been to
rig the market in favor of big business and the rich.  State subsidies
to operating expenses and accumulation, and state protections from
competition (like regulatory cartels and "intellectual property"), are
the main structural supports that make corporate capitalism possible.
The state rules aren't there to protect us from the corporations, but
to protect the corporations from us.

@_date: 2010-07-27 12:23:25
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is peer production a real mode of production? 
So are you arguing that to qualify as a mode of production peer
production must generate value, in the sense of exchange value or
purchasing power?  This seems to tie in with your ideas on Kondratiev
long waves and social structures of accumulation.  The thing is, I
don't think there will *be* another Kondratiev long wave, in the sense
of a new basic infrastructure which absorbs large amounts of
investment capital and becomes the engine for generating monetized
incomes for lots of people.  The main effect of the current wave of
technological innovation is to destroy monetary value and to reduce
the capital outlays required for production.  So whatever mode of
production emerges on the other side, it will be one with much less
monetized labor time and a lot more free stuff.

@_date: 2010-06-02 01:43:49
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?b?4oCcVGhlcmXigJlzIE5vIFJlYXNvbiBJIFNob3Vs?= 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: ?There?s No Reason I
Should Have to Shut Up Because Some Guy Doesn?t Want His Dirty Laundry
Out? via Hit & Run by Katherine Mangu-Ward on 6/1/10
?There?s no reason I should have to shut up because some guy doesn?t
want his dirty laundry out,? Mr. Kurtz said. ?It?s the power of the
Internet, man.?
Kalamazoo, Michigan college student Jason Kurtz fights against
speech-chilling lawsuits with a Facebook group, plus a new federal law
in the works to protect people who want to complain about bad service.
Read all about it.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Hit & Run using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-03 16:27:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Blog Feed 
The P2P Blog's feed seems to have been reset so as to show only the
title, and not the entire article.  Is there any way to fix this?

@_date: 2010-06-07 01:27:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] producing less, consuming more? 
Thanks, Michel, but I've got stuff still undone that I promised to
comment on two weeks ago and am also falling behind on a series I
promised to do.  I assure that when I promise to write on something I
have every intention of doing it, but when I juggle and switch gears
between too many deadlines I usually wind up just not getting anything
done.  And if I do get all the blog posts actually done, by the time
I've done it I don't have enough attention left over to concentrate on
any long-term project.  I'm a lot better at focusing on one or two
big, long-term projects of my own choosing, or maybe doing an
occasional think piece, than doing a bunch of occasional commentary.

@_date: 2010-06-14 13:20:33
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homebrew Industrial Revolution: A Low-Overhead 
It's now in print.
The eBook is available here for free:

@_date: 2010-06-14 15:49:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homebrew Industrial Revolution: A 
Thanks!  Your economies of agility are mentioned, by the way, in the
last chapter.

@_date: 2010-06-16 11:19:41
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [LeftLibertarian2] Henry Jenkins Quote 
"When we read reports of fans developing online reference works for
 Lost, say, there's often a dismissive response that says they had too
 much time on their hands. I don't want to undercut the value of this
 grassroots production of knowledge and culture on its own terms, but I
 also want to ask - whose fault is that? Such activity emerges in a world
 which undervalues the creativity and knowledge, the skills and
 intelligence, of every day people -- undervalues it in school,
 undervalues it in the work place. As a result, young people create
 alternative spaces where they can learn and share what they learn with
 each other. It can be enormously frustrating to watch the company where
 you work make bad decisions because it is ill-informed about alternative
 possibilities, even as you sit there, knowing about new ways forward,
 and not being solicited to contribute, or sitting there going through
 mind-numbing repetitive activities while you know a high tech way which
 would be more effective and efficient. Just as schools need to change to
 embrace new ways of learning, companies need to change to embrace new
 ways of working. The most forward thinking companies have relatively
 flat organizations which allow new ideas to emerge bottom up from any
 corner of their staffs. They reconfigure teams so that everyone has a
 chance to lead and people can contribute based on their skill and
 expertise. As we think about who might be best at working in such an
 organization, it may well be someone who grew up playing massively
 multiplayers games, swaping roles, trying new identities, tackling new
 challenges. Hell, don't just hire an individual gamer. Hire an entire
 squad or guild, since this team of people already knows how to work
 together to achieve its goals, already knows what each member can
 contribute, and already trusts each person to carry their own weight. It
 isn't just that companies need to embrace new technologies; they also
 need to recognize and value new cultural processes which come out of
 young people's experience of growing up in a networked society."
  ------------------------------------
 Yahoo! Groups Links
 <*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
     <*> Your email settings:
    Individual Email | Traditional
 <*> To change settings online go to:
        (Yahoo! ID required)
 <*> To change settings via email:
    LeftLibertarian2-digest at yahoogroups.com
    LeftLibertarian2-fullfeatured at yahoogroups.com
 <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    LeftLibertarian2-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
 <*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:

@_date: 2010-06-23 12:06:36
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] James Howard Kunstler 
Kunstler's good on the kinds of stresses the energy and transportation
system will be subjected to, but IMO he seriously underestimates the
resilience of society.  I think we'll be amazed at how rapidly people
in the U.S. pick the low-hanging fruit of economic relocalization and
energy conservation, in the face of $12 gasoline.
Ditto for Dave Pollard, who thinks server networks will eventually go
the way of the Roman aqueducts in the face of extended rolling
brownouts and blackouts.  That strikes me as ludicrous.  When oil goes
back to and over its 2008 prices, and first 20% and then another 20%
of the trucking and airline industries shut down, telecommuting and
teleconferencing will be some of the most cost-effective low-hanging
fruit imaginable.  The Internet infrastructure will be worth its
weight in gold.  Whatever its base level of incompetence, if we're
faced with a real energy shortage emergency I imagine the government
will be capable of some sort of WWII-style rationing effort to direct
energy to top-priority sectors like freight trains, public transit and
Web servers.
I would also expect, in a time of rolling brownouts, that there'd be a
booming market in something like a handcrank or bike generator with
built-in battery and inverter, which could be used to power (say) a
radio, notebook or LED light.
It's literally inconceivable to me that the human response to energy
problems could be so passive and static as to result in the scenario
described in World Made by Hand.  Maybe if Peak Oil and the economic
bust were coupled with a supervolcano and monster solar flare, but not
by themselves.

@_date: 2010-06-23 12:38:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Postcards from Hell: What Failed States Look 
That was sort of my reaction as well.  I clicked through about ten of
them.  Aside from a couple of pictures in which armed militias
patrolled the streets or small children in uniform practiced military
drills, I couldn't see anything that constituted prima facie evidence
of being a "failed state" in the pictures themselves.  Most of the
other pictures simply depicted people wearing non-Western dress,
sitting on the ground, or living in housing that Americans would
regard as overly rustic or in need of a coat of paint.  Oh,
yeah--there was one picture of Somalia in which some sort of smoky
haze was visible in addition to the non-Western dress and old houses.
But the source of the smoke itself was not visible, and might have
just as easily been an outdoor cooking fire as (say) a house struck by
a mortar fire.  I hate to say it, but at times it almost seems as if
the article is treating sights like Somali men wearing those kilt
thingies as some sort of symbol of extreme backwardness, so that the
reader's reaction will be "Egad!  People who don't dress like the
folks at Wal-Mart!  What a godawful shithole!"
I'm not saying any of these places *don't* qualify as failed states.
But most of the pictures don't show it taken by themselves.  The
author presumably intends each image to be a poignant and self-evident
symbol of failure and squalor, but I just don't see failed statedom
leaping out of most of them.
Also, I suspect there's some problem of arbitrariness in
classification.  There's a difference between "failed states" and
"hollow states," and there are degrees of hollowness as well.  I
imagine there'll be a lot more room for nuance in assigning states to
positions on the hollowness spectrum in years to come.

@_date: 2010-06-23 16:11:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] James Howard Kunstler 
That's probably true.  But there's a whole long series of steps
between here and Mad Max, and there are all kinds of dynamic/reactive
mechanisms that make it unlikely we'll get from here to there.  During
all those intermediate steps, I would expect market signals from the
rising cost of fuel to create powerful incentives for telecommuting
and teleconferencing in the place of physical meatspace presence
wherever it was feasible, and I would likewise expect powerful
incentives for substituting the movement of digital designs for the
movement of physical products wherever decentralized
micromanufacturing was feasible.  It is these incentives in the
intermediate range that make me doubt the Internet's physical
infrastructure will be allowed to fail, or that we'll ever get to the
Mad Max stage.  I have no doubt certain centralized infrastructures
will collapse, but the infrastructure of the Internet is more akin to
the Roman villas -- i.e., the kernel of the successor society -- than
it is to the part that's doomed.

@_date: 2010-06-28 14:09:57
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the sterling quote 
Re socializing risks, Tom the Dancing Bug hits it on the head IMO:

@_date: 2010-06-28 15:36:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p ficiton category in need of intro 
I've got some very fragmentary comments on some SF novels in my hopper
page (mainly Neal Stephenson stuff) which I could post, along with
links to my reviews of Makers and the Suarez books.

@_date: 2010-06-29 12:21:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] introducing samuel bowles 
David M. Gordon, in Fat and Mean, found a very high correlation
between economic inequality (specifically between the pay of top
management and typical line workers inside the corporation), and the
proportion of employees in supervisory/managerial positions.  The
stagnation of worker pay and the shift of most compensation to those
at the top (the shrinking carrot) create increased agency and
incentive problems that make the stick more necessary for disciplining
the labor force.  Economic inequality within the corporation
inevitably leads to internal authoritarianism, as what Oliver
Williamson calls "compunctory compliance" and petty sabotage by
increasingly disgruntled workers make it essential to keep them under
constant surveillance.
All the resources devoted to enforcing artificial scarcity (RIAA
surveillance costs and legal staff, the performance problems from
Vista's DRM, etc.) would also seem to fall under the heading of guard
labor.  Johan Soderberg compared Western corporate capitalism's need
to control access to the means of digital reproduction to the old
Soviet Nomenklatura's control of access to photocopiers.
Also the enforcement of entry barriers of other kinds against
competition from low-overhead micro-producers (zoning laws, business
licensing, arbitrary safety standards, etc.).

@_date: 2010-03-02 13:35:09
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
On the sexual monogamy thing, it's probably a combination of three
factors:  unusually high testosterone levels tend to be correlated
with below-average intelligence; people of lower intelligence are more
apt to be ethically opportunistic and generally less likely to care
about any kinds of principles for their own sake (as opposed to an
authoritarian fear of being caught and punished); and people of
below-average intelligence are likely to be more impulsive without
thinking out long-term consequences.  So a "dawg" is likely to be of
lower than average intelligence.
The intelligence correlation with irreligiosity probably reflects a
general tendency to question all authority-based judgments.  The same
gap probably applies to a wide range of other forms of social
convention, as well.

@_date: 2010-03-03 05:27:51
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Meet the Peepoo 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Meet the Peepoo via
Matthew Yglesias by myglesias on 3/2/10
Aside from the extraordinarily silly name, this seems like a very good
Once used, the bag can be knotted and buried, and a layer of urea
crystals breaks down the waste into fertilizer, killing off
disease-producing pathogens found in feces.
The bag, called the Peepoo, is the brainchild of Anders Wilhelmson, an
architect and professor in Stockholm. [...]
In the developing world, an estimated 2.6 billion people, or about 40
percent of the earth?s population, do not have access to a toilet,
according to United Nations figures.
They say a bag will retail for two or three cents. I wonder what the
monetary value of the resulting fertilizer would be.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Matthew Yglesias using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-03 11:27:17
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
The general value may be associated with Christianity, but at least in
the U.S.  divorce rates tend to be much higher in stereotypical "Red
States" where authoritarian strains of fundamentalist Christianity are
more common, whereas marriages on average are more stable in parts of
the country where liberal protestantism predominates.
That's one of those paradoxes of American politics that drive the Tea
Party folks crazy.  Another is that Red States, whose populations are
much more likely to look down on "welfare queens" and sing the praises
of "rugged individualism" and "free enterprise," tend to be net tax
consumers with more working poor on welfare, and to have economies
heavily reliant on federal military bases or extractive industries
with privileged access to federal land.

@_date: 2010-03-03 12:10:54
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
I'm not sure what *wouldn't* confirm your point, because you seem to
be moving the goalposts.
You originally said you agreed completely with Athena's dismissal of
the study's findings of a correlation of higher intelligence with
monogamy as absolute nonsense, and associated monogamy as such with
authoritarian religious values.
When I pointed out its greater predominance in areas with less
religious authoritarianism and higher levels of education, you say I'm
confirming your point.
If you agree that monogamy tends to exist at higher levels in areas
with more education and less cultural authoritarianism, then how  can
you agree that the study is nonsense?
Nothing in the article Ryan linked, IMO, constituted
self-contratulatory praise for "geniuses" (monogamy correlated only to
modest differences of around ten IQ points, and I don't think an
average IQ of 105 as opposed to 95 puts anyone in the Wile E. Coyote
class), or praise for monogamy as such.  It was simply an empirical
observation on the correlation of average intelligence levels with
particular forms of social behavior.

@_date: 2010-03-04 07:36:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Incidentals (3rd of 5): apropos the future of 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Incidentals (3rd of 5):
apropos the future of conflict (and TIMN) via Visions from Two Theories
by David Ronfeldt on 3/1/10
Some comments that fit in this five-part scrapbook pertain to the
evolving nature of conflict. These comments include a couple of swipes
at the ?4GW? notion, followed by a reprise of John Arquilla?s and my
view about the four ways of war associated with military history and
social evolution ? la TIMN ? and I've inserted some additional remarks
about the fourth way, our concept of swarming. I then tack on two
comments about organizing for cybersecurity that reflect my view of the
+I part of TIMN. In all this, there are a few ? but only a few ?
observations that I?ve not made before.
* * *
I have long bridled at the notion of ?Fourth Generation warfare? (4GW)
and finally dropped a couple comments to that effect.
The first was at Adam Elkus?s keen blog Rethinking Security in
September 2009, for a post he did in August doubting that conflict was
becoming ever more fraught with ?complexity? and likely to induce
?state failure? here and there:
I quite agree that notions about state failure -- notably about states
being eroded by tribal, market, and new network actors, as well as by
internal corruption and incompetence -- have acquired excessive memetic
momentum these past few years. My view remains that the state is far
from finito. It?ll go through adaptations and reformulations, remaining
essential for the construction and governance of complex societies.
Speculations about the decline of the state get tied to the rise of
4GW. It?s a concept I find attractive, but I?m continuing to have a
problem with it: 4GW is presumably a postmodern kind of warfare. But
I?ve yet to identify a wholly postmodern bunch engaging in 4GW in a
violent manner. Instead, the ablest postmodern practitioners appear to
be lobbyists, public-relation firms, and activist NGOs. Plus some cyber
gangs dedicated to malevolent hacking.
But as for violent conflict, most (all?) of 4GW?s perpetrators so far

@_date: 2010-03-05 05:31:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Stunned_and_hurt_Baffler_guy_figures_out?= 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Stunned and hurt
Baffler guy figures out that Swedish pirates aren?t Canadian Marxists
via Wired: Beyond the Beyond by Bruce Sterling on 3/4/10
*I sympathize with much of this guy?s obvious bewilderment, but he
somehow imagines that these phenomena he describes can be resolved by
the just and righteous values of a Canadian teachers? union.
*I?m cool about Canadians, teachers and even unions, but thinking they
can resolve the difficulties this gentleman denotes here is like
imagining that ?progressives? could hold their breath and make Haitian
earthquakes go away.
?Remember what pirates like: Parrots. Eye Patches. And gold, best of
all. Mason?s argument was sensible enough: Pirates aren?t
anti-capitalists, they?re punk capitalists. ?D.I.Y. encourages us to
reject authority and hierarchy, advocating that we can and should
produce as much as we consume,? Mason writes in the opening chapter of
his homage to piracy. ?Since punk, this idea has been quietly changing
the fabric of our economic system, replacing outdated ideas with
twenty-first-century upgrades of Punk Capitalism.? (?)
?As Mason suggested, piracy isn?t just another business model; it is
the greatest business model of them all. Its secret, as we shall see,
is getting people to work for you, for free. (?)
?Behold the majesty of digital communitarianism: It?s socialism without
the state, without ideology, and, best of all, without the working
?And so we have our conversation about the enormous cultural
restructuring that is going on, but we are having it in a senseless
vocabulary where ?content? takes the place of ?art? and ?information?
substitutes for ?culture,? ?knowledge,? ?literature,? ?music,? ?cinema?
and ?meaning.? All the mysteries of the creative process are flattened:
the fickle nature of the muse, the idiosyncrasies of scholarship, and
the tenacity required to compose a novel. All are reduced to nothing by
analogies derived from the logic of computer code, data processing and
high-tech business models.
?But a deeper problem arises when the idiom of technology supplants
traditional social criticism. The ?freedom? promoted by the software
community always turns out to be the libertarian version. It?s about
freedom of information: the desire to see how something is made, to
tinker, and to pass those insights and innovations along. Copyleft, as
the advocates of this all-purpose transparency call it, is not ?left?
in any traditional sense; it has nothing to say about entrenched
systems of economic privilege or limits on profitability. Likewise, the
open-source movement does not provide the blueprint for a fairer social
order. ??
(((Nothing wrong with this that progressive values couldn?t cure:)))
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Wired: Beyond the Beyond using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-10 12:30:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NSFW: Hey, 
Aside from the whole issue of IP's legitimacy, arguments like these
make me want to pull my hair out.  By definition, anything that anyone
can charge for adds to the GDP by the amount people pay for it.  So
the more stuff is enclosed with charges for admission, the higher the
GDP will be.
In Theories of Value and Distribution, Marxist Maurice Dobb put forth
the example of the state granting to a class of people the right to
erect toll gates across highways and pockiet the proceeds (not to fund
highway maintenance, mind you--just to take the money for themselves).
Under marginalist economics, any production input with a price has
"marginal productivity" equal to what it adds to the final price of
the good.  So under that orthodox paradigm, the toll-gate owners would
have "marginal productivity" equal to whatever cost the toll added to
total production costs and prices, and economists would be stroking
their beards and intoning learnedly about the "service" the toll
collectors perform in not impeding traffic on the roads.  And of
course, GDP would increase by the amount of the tolls.

@_date: 2010-03-10 23:35:07
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] transparent trade 
[from Steve Herrick]
Thanks a lot, Steve.  My impression of Fair Trade organizations is
that they fit into Paul
Goodman's typology of large, hierarchical organizations with Weberian
work rules, mission statements, and all the rest of it.  Just another
example of the way the organizational style of the large corporation,
government agency, etc., has contaminated the "nonprofit" and
"cooperative" sector.
IMO free market certifications of quality, safety, trustworthiness,
etc., will look a lot more like Angie's List and Rate My Doctor.  The
tipping point will occur when the average person starts to realize
that all the government's regulations are just minimalist,
dumbed-down, least common denominator standards, and don't really do
much to protect him from the crooks out there.  At that point, looking
at the networked rating/certification systems to check the history of
the people they do business with will start becoming automatic
behavior  for most people.

@_date: 2010-03-11 06:41:02
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Backwards Economics 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Backwards Economics via
Dilbert.com Blog on 3/10/10
Regular economics involves someone starting a company and then hiring
people to fill positions. That seems like a sensible model. But I
wonder if the Internet gives us a way to flip that around, at least in
times of high unemployment.
Imagine a web site in which the unemployed, and underemployed, can
register their skills and the sorts of jobs they would be willing to
do. The site then suggests the sort of business that would fit in a
particular community based on the available pool of labor.
This is suboptimal, you say, and you are right. Labor is only one of
many factors in deciding where to start a business. So let me constrain
the model further. Suppose the initial investor is the government, and
the sorts of businesses are only the types that are good for the
country: health, education, and energy.
Yes, yes, the government screws up everything it touches. But imagine
you can solve that by having each business run by qualified business
people who have a profit motive. The government would be the funding
source, set a few high level rules, and otherwise stay out of the mix.
The reason I suggest government funding is that unlike a private
investor, the government can make a huge return on a business that
simply breaks even, assuming all of the employees pay income taxes.
Plus you have the ripple effect on vendors to the company, and the
benefit of reducing unemployment. In other words, where a private
company might chase only low hanging fruit, the government can nibble
from the top of the tree and still enjoy a sizeable return on
On the health side, we know that proper exercise lowers healthcare
costs. Imagine the government setting up a virtual company in your
community that involves the formerly unemployed acting as personal
trainers and activity directors for the rest of the community. To
simplify things, sometimes all you need is a soccer ball, some space,
and a person willing to organize a game, and suddenly 22 people are
having a great time and getting healthy too. Would they all pay five
bucks per game? Probably. And one person could organize several games a
day. If the government is involved, there are no insurance issues
because a government can simply make it a law that you can't sue it.
If soccer isn't your thing, substitute a running club, boot camp
training, tai chi, basketball, biking, or whatever.
For education, imagine all of the skills that the current unemployed
possess and would be able to transfer, if only there were a company to
organize them. There's a huge demand for student tutoring. In my area,
the kids who are struggling use tutors, and the kids who are doing well
also use tutors to get an advantage for college. Tutors charge up to
$40 per hour.
Now extend the education model to adults. There is an almost unlimited
demand for adult education, ranging from reading to language to public
speaking to technology. In an era of high unemployment, there are
plenty of people with the skills to teach almost anything.
In the area of energy, the government could form businesses around
photovoltaic installations. A benefit of this model is that it requires
both blue collar and white collar workers. As long as there are roofs,
the market is unlimited. And the government could make the product free
to homeowners by fronting the cost and mandating that the local power
companies pay off the systems over ten years, keeping some of the
excess energy generated for profit. The government's return would be
huge because, again, they reap the income taxes from the people they
employ right away, while recouping all of their investment in ten years.
I'm just throwing out some ideas without thinking them through too
carefully. That's what I do in this blog. The main point is that the
government could use the Internet to organize businesses around
education, health, and energy, and make huge returns, thanks to income
taxes, and improved health and education of the citizens.
What I find most compelling about this notion is that the unemployed
presumably imagine only a few types of jobs they could fill. But almost
anyone who is employable in general could work in at least one of the
job areas I just described, and none of it is digging ditches. As the
economy improves, people can move on to careers that are more to their
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Dilbert.com Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-11 08:12:14
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Greed kills: Why smartphone lock-in will fail and 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Greed kills: Why
smartphone lock-in will fail and open source win via Armed and
Dangerous by esr on 3/4/10
In a previous post, How smartphones will disrupt PCs, I explained how
and why I think small, ultra-portable, general-purpose computers that
we?ll think of and use as ?smartphones? are going to displace the PC. I
promised then to explain why the software of these devices will be open
Go read Androids Will Challenge the iPad. It isn?t about smartphones,
but the logic that will break the iPhone business model is clearly set
out in it for anyone who?s paying attention. What we?re about to see in
the smartphone and tablet markets is a repeat of the way the IBM PC
shouldered aside the Apple II after 1980. Google?s deliberately
slow-balled launch of Android via the G1 was just prelude; it?s with
the Motorola Droid, the unlocked Nexus One and the generic Android
tablets that the game begins in earnest.
After 1981, IBM seized the lead in the personal computer market by
exploiting two advantages over Apple. The first was marketing and sheer
size: IBM?s brand had a lot of power, and IBM?s run rate allowed it to
fund product development and reap economies of manufacturing scale on a
scale Apple couldn?t match. Twenty-nine years later Google has at least
as cool a brand as Apple, more financial mass, and more engineers. And
that?s all I need or want to say about the biz-journalism end of things.
IBM?s second advantage was openness. The PC was designed to be
kit-bashed; it became the hardware platform that launched a thousand
hardware startups and, effectively, the entire PC industry as we know
it. The manuals included a BIOS listing, the bus specification was
public; anyone could plug in, and did. IBM?s own attempt to close the
platform a few years later, the PS/2, was a failure that sank almost
without trace.
Fast forward three decades. The commoditization of hardware that the PC
pioneered has succeeded so completely that all smartphones are built by
anonymous OEMs on the Pacific Rim and the real competition has shifted
from hardware to software. Forget details like smartphone vs. tablet
form factors and which handset manufacturer is the belle du jour: the
real competition is the OS X ecology vs. the Linux/Android ecology.
And isn?t it entertaining, boys and girls, how thoroughly Unix won?
Both OS X and Android are Unix underneath. Windows Mobile is
hemhorraging market share and even the most notoriously
Microsoft-gullible elements in the technology press can see it?s a
On its way down, Windows Mobile gives us an object lesson that allows
us to predict how the OS X/Android war will end. It?s the same lesson
that the Apple II vs. PC war taught, and it?s heightened by the way
that Microsoft has (just barely) managed to hang onto a dominant
position in desktops ? by allowing lots of third-party developers to
make money from that dominance. (Update: I wrote ?just barely? because
Microsoft has had to give away most of its profit margin to maintain
IBM won its battle for ubiquity over the Apple II because it was
willing to give up control, to let third parties (including Microsoft
and the peripheral-card industry) make most of the money and content
itself with a tiny sliver of a rapidly expanding pie. Microsoft kept
Windows viable on the PC desktop by yelling ?developers, developers,
developers!? and conceding third parties a huge share of that pie.
And now? Google is willing to let handset makers, telecoms providers,
and third-party developers capture most of the overt value of the
Android market. Google can give all that prompt revenue away because
everything it?s doing in this space is actually funded the same way its
search-engine business is; by the volume of consumer attention Android
devices will bring to its advertising. Apple, on the other hand, acts
as a very controlling gatekeeper of its products ? requiring (and
insisting) that it?s going to capture most of the profit margin for
Apple?s problem now is the same as the Apple II?s problem in 1981: in
markets reliant on a vigorous ecology of allies to add value to a
product, greed kills. Gatekeepers lock out potential allies; walls
limit the garden?s growth. Ask any strategic planner at a telecoms
provider or handset maker why Windows Mobile failed and you?ll hear the
same thing: they saw what happened to IBM and swore they?d never let
Microsoft talk them into being its butt monkeys. Windows lost out to
Linux in the medium and high-server market, because third-party
developers are much less important there; customers tend to be writing
their own bespoke software, so server Windows isn?t pinned in place by
a huge collection of allies. There?s a harsh tradeoff between control
and ubiquity; the original IBM PC and desktop Windows got on the right
side of it, but Windows mobile got on the wrong one.
The competitive dynamic between Linux/Android and OS X can be
understood in the same way. OS X is playing a control game and Android
a ubiquity one. We can expect the outcome to be the same: when the
bazaar meets the walled garden, the walls will eventually come down,
crushing the life out of the garden.
This is why Symbian is now open-source in spite of having no
inheritance from Unix-land; its backers have figured out that a control
strategy collects short-term gains over a ubiquity strategy but simply
cannot compete in the longer term against open-source Android and
open-source Maemo. Apple will learn this, to its cost, too. Because
Steve Ballmer may be an evil maniac, but when he yelled ?developers,
developers, developers!?, he was right. In the war for market-share,
allies are better for your long-term prospects than walls, and ubiquity
will always eventually triumph over control.
UPDATE: I wish I had read Where Android beats the iPhone before I wrote
this. It bolsters the argument pretty effectively.
UPDATE: And here?s Gylnn Moody dispelling some anti-Android FUD.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Armed and Dangerous using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-11 22:46:27
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Jobless Millennials 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: The Jobless Millennials
via The Narrow Bridge by noreply at blogger.com (Anya) on 3/1/10
This month's issue of The Atlantic contains a long thoughtful and
downcast article about the possible effects of long-term unemployment
on the American national character.
One section in particular is very much up my alley: about how the
shifting job market and how it might affect the Millennial generation.
Graduating into a recession, it turns out, can afflict your income for
a lifetime. "Seventeen years after graduation, those who had entered
the workforce during inhospitable times were still earning 10 percent
less on average than those who had emerged into a more bountiful
As my sister Kezia, a 2009 Yale graduate, commented on
Buzz: "UM....scary for peeps my age :(" And her friends chimed
in , "Schnikies." " i had this article mentioned to me today during a
job interview. needless to say, there was no real job being offered."
The article argues that Millennials are especially ill-equipped to deal
with this unprecedented era of long-term joblessness because of their
(supposed) crippling high-self esteem, and because they don't
understand the meaning of hard work. It also argued that there are
widespread socially negative effects of long-term
joblessness--especially for men--include depression, alcoholism, and
broken families.
But...I think there's a hole in this logic. It crystallized for me
yesterday when I was part of a panel (including this technologist, this
simplicity expert, and this social media maven) speaking to Professor
Kyra Gaunt's Anthro 101 class at Baruch College. This was a very
diverse group of 19 and 20 year olds and we were talking to them about
hacking their way through the system to get what they need.
I realized that it's exactly this generation's unreasonable optimism
that gives me the most hope for our future. Millennials aren't full of
despair if we don't get the "perfect" job right out of college--our
expectations are already adjusted. Young men are free from the demand
that they automatically be breadwinners. Young people are learning to
cultivate other values outside of work, and to take risks to seek work
that meets their values. All that time we're spending inventing and
building social networks and new ways of communicating with each other
will translate into social capital and will serve us to build a society
that doesn't depend on income to buy happiness. We will increasingly
turn to each other to get what we need and to make what we want.
Yes, we still need to figure out better ways to get people health care
and housing and education. The legacy problems of an economy in decline
are not going away any time soon. But I have confidence that past
performance does not have to guarantee future results. And this
generation might just be the perfect people for this time.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Narrow Bridge using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-15 17:51:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Greed kills: Why smartphone lock-in will fail 
It's way beyond my technical competence.  One reason it caught my eye
was Raymond's reference to the commodification of hardware in the PC
market, which is something Eric has written about a lot in the past.

@_date: 2010-03-16 12:56:26
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] US Intelligence planned to destroy WikiLeaks 
Since WikiLeaks uses ``trust as a
Oh, is that all?  Simple as that, is it?  Sounds a bit like the simple
Monty Python instructions on "How to Play the Flute":  blow in one end
and run your fingers up and down the outside.
[As two years have passed since
No kidding.  The U.S. national security community is just now learning
about the Streisand Effect.  That's a remarkably rapid learning curve
for them.
Reminds me of Robb's bit about the U.S. military's Fourth Generation
Warfare doctrine trying to duplicate the networked organization of its
enemies.  Instead it winds up using all that enhanced network
communications technology, not to empower autonomous individuals on
the ground, but to empower larger numbers of mid-level officers.  So
you have the kind of "networked warfare" where the people on the
ground have to have seventeen sign-offs (not to mention a few
PowerPoint presentations thrown in) before they can do anything.

@_date: 2010-03-24 10:55:03
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcf_discussion] Piracy and job losses in 
I think he's wrong on this particular.  I doubt there's a one-to-one
tradeoff in monetized consumption between reduced expenditures for
music and increased expenditures elsewhere.  Some of the reduced cost
is probably taken in leisure--and some of that involuntarily, in
today's economic climate.  Overall, as Eric Reasons argued, the  rise
of Free means we're probably seeing a net reduction in the total
amount of consumption needs met by monetized expenditure, and the
disappearance of a growing set of needs from the cash nexus.
Of course in the case of the music industry, a disproportionate of the
net loss of monetized consumption is probably suffered by the record
companies, whereas a larger share of what money remains can be
appropriated directly by artists without relying on record company
marketing and finance.  So the dislocation for actual producers, as
opposed to useless eaters, will arguably be mitigated.
That was the subject of this blog post:

@_date: 2010-05-01 01:24:49
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
Both The State:  Its Historic Role and Mutual Aid are available online
at Anarchy Archives:

@_date: 2010-05-04 01:31:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Court Allows Unmasking of P2P Downloaders 
The logical response is to start disclosing the identity, home
addresses, etc., of the RIAA's leadership and senior management of
affiliated record companies.
It's amazing how irate such people become when hoist by their own
petard.  One example I recall especially vividly was of a town where
the police were sued for going through someone's trash.  The court
ruled there was no reasonable expectation of privacy because trash
left at the curb was abandoned.  Fair enough.  The local newspaper
sent reporters to dig through the trash of the chief of police and the
judge, and published all the interesting items they found.  The cop
and judge, of course, were incensed about the invasion of their
We're living in a network age, and these fine folks at the RIAA who
want to nullify our privacy may find they're living in glass houses.

@_date: 2010-05-04 12:36:43
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P revolution? 
My gut instinct is that what peer production has is less about some
new institutional basis than about the unsustainability of the *old*
centralized, hierarchical institutions.  States are being hollowed
out, IP is becoming untenable as a method of controlling the value
created by human capital, and the imploding cost of garage production
machinery means most investment capital is becoming superfluous.

@_date: 2010-05-04 13:04:00
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P revolution? 
Along those lines, the ubiquitous trend I see is taking place in many
different ways:  as the old corporate and state hierarchies become
unsustainable, they're being forced to decentralize, harden their
component units, and increase the initiative of those in last-mile
They try to retain some sort of residual control, in ways that Andy
Robinson has commented on here:  i.e. the Nixon Doctrine as a way of
pulling back from most direct superpower policing and working instead
through proxies, attempts to maintain corporate control of networked
manufacturing through ownership of IP, etc.  But by progressively
outsourcing and delegating functions, they're putting themselves
increasingly in the position of redundant nodes, so that their
artificial property rights are the *only* source of control they
retain.  At some point, the networked producers, having built the new
society within the old corporate shell, will decide to "break the
corporate integument" and ignore their IP and other property rights.

@_date: 2010-05-10 20:54:42
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the p2p approach utopian? 
Exactly.  If you take the word "utopian" in the sense of Marx's
distinction between utopian and scientific socialism, your analysis
(in terms of failure to enclose the digital commons as a source of
rent, the three exoduses of labor, etc.) is quite scientific.  Many
other theories of the coming of a future society based around
post-scarcity are also scientific in the same sense, of having a
coherent theory of the evolution of the material basis of such a

@_date: 2010-05-17 00:11:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Another reason not to waste time with Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook, caught offering the personal data of
Facebook users to a friend and calling people that trusted him with
their info "dumb f**ks."

@_date: 2010-05-17 21:05:22
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] end of the free market? 
Sure--it's on my list.  Just from the framing in the title, though, I
have to say that the idea of a war between states and corporations
strikes me as about as genuine as the disagreement between the "good
cop" and "bad cop" in a police interrogation.

@_date: 2010-05-18 12:42:52
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] end of the free market? 
Sounds thought-provoking.  There's a large body of excellent
contemporary Marxist literature on the various theories of the state
(instrumentalist, autonomist, structuralist).  G. William Domhoff did
an amazing lit review on it several years back, which I've misplaced.
My own inclination is to say that the state is by nature an instrument
of class rule, but to the extent that the range of class forces
controlling it is always shifting, it's also a contested arena for
class warfare.  Ruling classes are defined as ruling classes by their
success in gaining control of the state, because economic exploitation
requires the enforcement of artificial property rights.  In some cases
the apparatus of the state itself, or some portion of it, becomes the
ruling class, or the dominant "private" economic class shares power
with the state apparatus in excercising exploitative power.

@_date: 2010-05-23 13:06:09
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cad piracy 
Yeah.  I'm just slowly working my way through my Gmail box from the
bottom up, and haven't got to it yet.

@_date: 2010-05-24 12:22:08
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] special issue on governance and property 
Thanks, Michel, but I've bitten off more than I can chew right now.
I'm glad Kevin Flanagan's expressed an interest in this.

@_date: 2010-11-02 15:44:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economies of the Commons 2 
No gatekeeping functions?  Heaven forfend!  Sounds like the position
of elitist idiots like Andrew Keen.

@_date: 2010-11-04 13:29:01
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Open University and Classes 
For Exposure, Universities Put Courses on the Web By D.D. GUTTENPLAN Published:
November 1, 2010
LONDON ? Until recently, if you wanted to take Professor Rebecca Henderson?s
course in advanced strategy to understand the long-term roots of why some
companies are unusually successful, you needed to be a student at the
Institute of Technology,
where Ms. Henderson teaches at the Sloan School of Management. Admission to
the Sloan School is extremely selective, and tuition fees are over $50,000 a
For the past two years, though, anyone with an Internet connection can
follow Ms. Henderson?s lectures online, where the lecture notes and course
assignments are available free through M.I.T. OpenCourseWare. Why give away
something with such a high market value?
?I put the course up because the president of M.I.T. asked us to,? said Ms.
Henderson. ?My deep belief is that as academics we have a duty to disperse
our ideas as far and as freely as possible.?
Mary Lou Forward, executive director of the OpenCourseWare Consortium, a
worldwide organization of about 250 academic institutions around the world,
adds that universities get ?global engagement? from posting courses online.
There are also ?recognition for individual faculty members who may be well
known within their disciplines but not outside them,? Ms. Forward said, and
what Ms. Henderson calls ?first mover advantage.?
M.I.T.?s announcement in 2001 that it was going to put its entire course
catalog online gave a jump-start to what has now become a global Open
Educational Resources Movement whose goal, said Susan D?Antoni of Athabasca
University, in Canada, is ?to try to share the world?s knowledge.?
Stanford and the University of
now offer substantial portions of their courses online. In Britain,
Open University, which has been delivering distance learning for over 40
years, offers free online courses in every discipline on the OpenLearn Web
site; the Open University also maintains a dedicated YouTube channel and has
often had courses listed on the top 10 downloads at iTunes University.
There, students can gain access to beginner courses in French, Spanish and
German as well as courses in history, philosophy and astronomy ? all free.
Most OpenCourseWare is in English, but its Web site offers courses in
Chinese, Dutch, Japanese, Russian, Spanish and Hebrew. The African Virtual
University, based in Nairobi, has produced education courses for science and
math teachers in English, French and Portuguese.
Much of the early work on Open Education was financed by wealthy
universities or foundations, especially the William and Flora Hewlett
Foundation, whose mission includes using ?technology to help equalize the
distribution of high quality knowledge.?
But relying on philanthropy is not sustainable. Ms. D?Antoni, who followed
the movement?s explosive growth in her former job at the International
Institute for Educational Planning, part of
said the initial focus was getting educational material onto the Web. ?The
big problem then was copyright ? getting legal permission to use things,?
she said. ?Now there is all this material. But who is using it, and what are
they doing with it? And who is going to pay for it??
At least a partial answer to those questions ? and a sense of where Open
Education is going ? should become more apparent this week, when hundreds of
educators, academics, computer scientists, artists and at least a few
hackers gather in Barcelona for two meetings that might be said to represent
the two wings of the movement.
One event, Open Ed 2011, is the seventh-annual meeting of a group that began
as an educational offshoot of open-source software, which allows users to
alter, change or improve computer programs freely and to distribute the
results without charge. Open Educational Resources, the term adopted by
Unesco in 2002, makes course content and on-line learning tools available
without cost over the Internet to users who are similarly free to adopt,
improve or redistribute them.
Open Ed 2011 is being held at the CosmoCaixa, the science museum in
Barcelona, and organized by the Open University of the Netherlands, the Open
University of Catalonia and Brigham Young
The gathering is for researchers, academics and administrators ?who wish to
learn about the institutional decisions needed to make open education a
reality.? The theme this year is ?impact and sustainability.?
Meanwhile, at the Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art, ?edupunks,
hackerspaces, creative commoners, radical librarians and Wikipedians? at the
Drumbeat Learning Freedom and the Web Festival will assemble for ?three days
of making, teaching, hacking, inventing and shaping the future of education
and the Web.? The Drumbeat festival is organized by
the nonprofit foundation that owns the makers of Mozilla Firefox, the
open-source Internet browser. The festival has political and educational
?There?s a lot of overlap,? said Ms. Forward, the executive director of the
OpenCourseWare Consortium, who plans to attend both gatherings. Ms. Forward,
a former dean of African studies at the School for International Training in
Brattleboro, Vermont. Ms. said that for her, ?questions of unequal access?
to education were the most pressing. ?What I think about all the time,? she
said, ?are ways to bring education to people.?
Mark Surman, executive director of the Mozilla Foundation, said applying
Mozilla?s resources to the problems of education ?fits in a couple of ways.?
?We have an instinct that as the Web affects society, those parts of society
can also affect the Web,? he said.
Mr. Surman describes the Open Education movement as having three pieces:
?There?s the content piece ? can I get the material? And the pedagogy piece
? what are the ways we can teach each other using the Web? How can we make
this better for learners and teachers? And finally there?s the question of
accreditation and certification.?
This has been a sensitive subject for the movement. One reason M.I.T.
decided to ?give away? its courses, Ms. Forward said, was ?we didn?t think
we could replicate the quality of a student?s experience on campus.?
M.I.T. students can use OpenCourseWare courses to get a feel for a subject
or an instructor, while students at other universities can use them to
supplement their own courses. ?If you?re taking a course on Pompeii, and you
want to know more about volcanoes, we have a course for that,? Ms. Forward
said. But while OpenCourseWare students attend the same lectures, and take
the same tests as M.I.T. students do, they do not get M.I.T. credit, or an
M.I.T. degree.
At the Open University, where the model is not a selective one, their
OpenLearn courses are designed to offer a gateway to enrollment. So far, the
experiment seems to be working, with some 6,000 students from the free
courses going on to enroll in fee-paying courses.
But as a public institution, the Open University also has a mission to
disseminate its content as widely as possible. In the past, this meant that
science lectures were broadcast on the
often in the middle of the night. While the Open University still produces
science programs, these days you are more likely to find the Open University
on YouTube, where Andrew Law, the university?s director of multiplatform
broadcasting, stars in ?Head Spin,? a film about optical illusions.
Some students at the African Virtual University do pay tuition, said Bakary
Diallo, the university?s rector. ?Education has costs, and someone has meet
them,? he said. But in work financed by the African Development Bank, the
university has also produced 33 modules in math, chemistry, physics and
biology for use in training teachers under the creative commons model that
can be available almost anywhere in the world.
?This is a pan-African institution,? Mr. Diallo said, ?and now Africa is
contributing to global knowledge.?

@_date: 2010-11-15 07:37:23
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Sustainable_counter-media_=E2=80=94_Radi?= 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Sustainable
counter-media ? Radix Media on Kickstarter via Out of the Libertarian
Labyrinth by Shawn P. Wilbur on 11/14/10
Radix Media, a Portland-based radical offset printing and design
operation, has launched a modest $5000 Kickstarter campaign, to upgrade
their presses and invest in booklet-making equipment. They describe the
project as representing the difference between continuing the project,
and making it sustainable.
Sustainable operation is the goal that so few radical projects
reach?and the failure to properly plan, capitalize and equip projects
carries a hefty cost in failed projects, badly-used resources and
harried radicals, beaten down by the constant difficulties associated
with just getting by. When you're working on a shoe-string, a wing and
a prayer, every set-back is a potential disaster?and set-backs tend to
For example, Corvus Editions had a thoroughly enjoyable, but
financially lack-luster Summer and Fall. The bookfairs that usually
push things along were not quite break-even affairs, however successful
they were as social gatherings and busman's holidays. When all was said
and done, I had a bit more merchandise printed, assembled and on-hand
than I had at the start of the summer, but I was running short on the
farm-waste papers I use to print most of the newer and more popular
titles in the catalog. Working hand-to-mouth, the hundred bucks
required for a paper order isn't always there. Making a smaller paper
order changes the cost of the product dramatically, since shipping
costs have to be absorbed by fewer products. But there's no time to
waste in restocking, since a paper order may take a week to arrive.
Since the shoestring is what it is, the logical way to order paper is
to refill toner cartridges, but that's a risky game in terms of
predictable print quality. And so on. The trade-offs are all risky, and
the calculations are all exhausting. And sometimes you make the best
use of the resources available to you and things just don't pan out. I
spent the Fall juggling resources while sales sagged?and then about the
time sales started to pick up I had a batch of handmade cover paper go
wrong on me and my laser printer (a wonderful little workhorse up to
this point, but one I have worked hard) started to give out. The
decision to go another $300 in debt to maintain a project that still
isn't really breaking even, in an economy that may well get harder on
really small businesses before the pendulum swings the other way, was,
to say the least, a wrenching one. In the end, I decided that I didn't
really have a lot of options but to push forward?but, having been in
the surplus labor pool for quite awhile now, and being, I think, pretty
realistic about the hurdles facing radical microenterprise, I'm not
sure I could claim it was the right decision. As much as anything, it
seems necessary to push back as hard as you can against a system which
forces you to ask whether a few hundred bucks might be more than your
project?or your life?is worth. So, as of day before yesterday, I have a
gently-used HP Laserjet 8150dn, (slightly out of date, but still
formidable, with automatic duplexing and tabloid-printing capability)
complete with the 2000-sheet feeder-cart and an extra HP toner
cartridge, which I was able pick up for a song?but not until I borrowed
the song. In the short-term, it means late order will only get a couple
of days later. In the long term, it opens up the possibility of doing
large-format reprints of periodical like The Firebrand or Liberty, and
re/producing broadsides at the size they really require. It opens the
possibility of experimenting with soy toner, which has been making
inroads precisely through companies supplying cartridges for this sort
of workgroup printer. As a much heavier-duty printer, it already seems
to have improved the project's print quality, fusing toner more
consistently on better and more unusual paper, at a significantly lower
per-page cost. (And I'll finally be able to do that skewer-binding
projects, using the metal rails from pendaflex folders...)
My printer upgrade is probably a good gamble, but it raises the stakes
for the Corvus project?and the more general project of keeping a roof
over my head and kibble in the cats's dish. But assuming that the basic
project is sound, and I still think it is, the increased risk is
probable worth it.
That said, it certainly would have been nice to do this when there
wasn't a crisis, on a basis that wasn't an intensification of my
current uncertain situation. The brilliance of micro-financing on the
Kickstarter model is that it reduces risks considerably on all sides.
Donation is possible, but the standard means of support is the purchase
of a specific good or service. And nobody is charged until the target
amount is reached, so either the project is launched or expanded with a
reasonable level of funding or nothing moves forward. There is a
reasonable expectation that any project that seems moderately
well-budgeted will at least produce the products committed to.
There is no question in my mind that we can develop networks of
sustainable presses, printers, distributors and infoshops, all on the
nickle-and-dime micro-enterprise model. The only question is whether
enough of us will ante up with the nickles and dimes to make it happen.
When it comes to choosing projects to support, particularly at this
stage in the struggle, committed printers and publishers seem like
something of a no-brainer. The improvements that Radix Media has
proposed would amplify their ability to do their job?which is to
amplify the voices of radicals. Take a look at the proposal and
consider contributing.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Out of the Libertarian Labyrinth using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-11-17 15:21:07
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Actually Existing Internet Communism 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader:
Actually Existing Internet
via Yglesias  by myglesias on 11/9/10
Henry Farrell finds Steven
away form the somewhat radical anti-capitalist implications of
his work on innovation,
something that I think is a fairly widespread problem.
The issue is that most people don?t have a great vocabulary for talking
about valuable activity that?s neither organized by the government nor
undertaken for commercial reasons. And yet there?s lots of activity along
those lines in everyone?s life. Importantly, this has always been the case.
People have always had hobbies. The number of people who play sports on an
amateur basis has always exceeded the number of people who do it
professionally. And most significantly, people?especially women?have always
done intensely valuable work in the household sector and related to raising
and educating children.
But rapid improvements in communications and information technology have
drastically expanded the scope and importance of non-commercial activities.
It?s also created a (virtual) space where commercial, hobbyist, non-profit,
and government undertakings interact, compete, and collaborate in novel
ways. This nexus of undertakings has created several billionaires and ?hot?
innovative businesses of the sort that those inclined to valorize the work
of entrepreneurs can and do valorize. But it?s also created a much larger
set of amateur or quasi-amateur producers who are impacting the lives of
people all around the world. In its 1875 Gotha
the German Social Democratic Party ?demand[ed] the establishment of
socialistic productive associations with the support of the state and under
the democratic control of the working people.?
It turns out that finding a feasible way to do that for industrial age
enterprises was fairly problematic. And yet their arguments that such
associations would be beneficial remain compelling. Meanwhile, the Internet
makes it much easier for individuals to form socialistic productive
associations *without* a ton of *explicit* support of the state. This means,
however, that the extent to which the state is *implicitly* supporting or
hindering the work of said associations deserves to be on the table
politically. And that discussion needs to consider not just the GDP impacts
of peer production (which are often quite small) but the giant quantities of
consumer (and producer) surplus welfare that are involved.
Things you can do from here:
   - Subscribe to
   *Google Reader*
   - Get started using Google
Readerto easily keep up
   *all your favorite sites*

@_date: 2010-11-17 22:51:32
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] RC JOURNAL: Accelerating the Development of 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: RC JOURNAL:
Accelerating the Development of Resilient Communities via Global
Guerrillas by John Robb on 11/17/10
One of the major attributes of resilient communities is that can
locally produce most of what they need (food, energy, and products).
Needless to say, the transition to local production won't happen
overnight. Let's explore this.
Most of the efforts to increase local production, to date, have been
- The result of community action. Efforts like the transition towns
- Development driven. Communities that have built from the ground up
with resilience in mind, i.e. agricultural urbanism.
Unfortunately, these early efforts have been sporadic and the results
haven't reached what's needed to become fully resilient. Why? The
reason is that these efforts are being attempted early in the cycle,
before the trends that make transition inevitable have fully matured.
These trends include:
- Expensive energy. Energy costs are climbing (with occasionally
spike), but they haven't reached a level that makes local production
much more attractive than global production, yet. They will.
- Technology. The costs of producing goods locally is rapidly
decreasing due to new technologies. For example, with desktop
fabrication, we are right at the cusp of a rapid increase in
efficiency/capability -- the equivalent of 1980 in the personal
computer industry.
- Disruptions. Shortages, panics, and cascading failures. We had a
taste of a big one in 2008 in the financial industry and lots of small
ones. More to come since the global system is only becoming more
interconnected and unstable as time progresses.
- Economic failure/D2 (the second global depression). There's a strong
argument that we are already in the midst of a second global
depression. As economic failure intensifies on the global stage (debt,
default, income stratification, fraud, etc.), the need for local
economic activity will intensify.
- Global guerrilla insurgencies. Low grade, crime fueled insurgencies
that spread like the plague. Think Mexico. Shootings, kidnappings,
hijackings, etc.
- There's many more (political chaos, the inevitable global pandemic,
sovereign default, the disappearing middle class, etc.), but these are
some of the top ones.
Fortunately, there may be another way to get resilient communities off
the ground faster than waiting for the trends driving their development
to become inexorable (and in the process lose many, many people to the
encroaching failure). The fastest way I can think of is to use the
Internet to build a system that fosters their development (what other
method can go from scratch to 500 million participants in three years).
The system I propose is a fully functional economy built as an Internet
service. I believe that almost all of the elements need to build this,
launch it, and gain widespread adoption are already available today.
Further, there are people ready to build it. The only limitation is the
funding needed to exploit the opportunity.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Global Guerrillas using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-11-29 12:47:13
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on the myth of attention scarcity 
The Serenity Prayer sounds like a version of your Flemish saying.  On
a psych ward where I used to work, they had a poster with a different
version of the Prayer:
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the
strength to change the things I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies
of the people I had to kill because they pissed me off.

@_date: 2010-11-29 18:45:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on the myth of attention scarcity 
Well, by the time I finished a shift there staying as a guest was a
real possibility.  It's a wonder I never wound up on the six o'clock
news after working there.

@_date: 2010-10-01 07:12:28
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Richmond=E2=80=99s_Green_Party_Mayor_Sig?= 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Richmond?s Green Party
Mayor Signs ?Letter of Intent? with Spain?s Mondragon Coops via
SolidarityEconomy.net by Editors on 9/23/10
The Mondragon Cooperative Experience: A Model for Richmond, California?
By Gayle Mclaughlin
Imagine a world where businesses derive their power from the people who
work there and capital is used as a tool to serve the people, instead
of the other way around, as is the case with conventional corporations.
A world of true workplace democracy, where each worker has an equal say
in how the business is run. A world where workers pool and leverage
their resources to start new businesses and create new jobs. A world
where top managers earn no more than 6-7 times the salary of the lowest
paid workers and everyone has a secure and decent standard of living. A
world where education, training and innovation are abundant. A world
without lay-offs.
I had the opportunity to immerse myself in just such a world last week
in the Basque region of Spain, where I attended an intensive five-day
seminar at the Mondragon Cooperative Corporation, along with 25 worker
cooperative enthusiasts and practitioners from all over the US and
Korea. The first Mondragon cooperative started 56 years ago with a few
people under the visionary guidance of Jose Maria Arizmendiarrieta, and
it has grown into an extensive network of 120 industrial, financial,
retail and education cooperatives with over 16 billion euros in sales
and employing about 100,000 people.
There is a great deal of collaborative and cooperative spirit in
Richmond, and numerous residents and City staff have indicated to me
their interest in exploring the possibility of starting worker-owned
cooperatives here. Given the need to think outside the box in
addressing our high unemployment rate, Richmond could provide fertile
ground for implementing this model of job creation along with other
At the conclusion of the seminar, Mondragon's Director of Cooperative
Dissemination, Mikel Lezamiz, and I signed a letter of intent and
endorsement (cut and pasted below) to pave the way for initiating
conversations with stakeholders in Richmond and beyond. I want to share
with you what I learned and also hear your ideas.
To this end I would like to invite all who are interested to a
presentation and discussion on Mondragon and the potential for worker
cooperatives in Richmond. The same presentation will be given on two
dates to accommodate diverse schedules (call 620-6502 for more info):
Tuesday, October 12, 7:00-9:00 pm in the Whittlesey Room of the
Richmond Library
Thursday, October 14, 1:00-3:00 pm in the Multi-Use Room, 440 Civic
Center Plaza
Gayle McLaughlin
Mayor, City of Richmond

@_date: 2010-10-06 04:01:19
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Animated Movie Shows What Can Be Done 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Open Source Animated
Movie Shows What Can Be Done Today via Techdirt by Mike Masnick on
I had another story planned for our new "case studies" series (see last
week's if you missed it), but with the release of Sintel late last
week, it jumped the queue, and I put together this quick case study
For years, one of the points we've raised in answering the movie
industry's $200 million challenge to us (i.e., "how do you keep making
$200 million movies?") is that, in part, it's asking the wrong
question. No one asks "how do we keep making $10,000 computers?"
Instead, they look for ways to make them cheaper (and better, at the
same time). But in the world of Hollywood accounting, there's little
incentive to make cheaper movies (sometimes the incentive goes the
other way). And, we keep showing how the world is reaching a place
where it's cheaper and cheaper to make good movies. We've pointed out
nice examples of people making high quality movies for next to nothing.
The idea is not that movies should be made for nothing, but that the
technology is making it so that movies can be made for less. In fact,
with two of the examples of cheap movie making we've highlighted, the
makers later went on to score deals to do higher end movies for more
reasonable budgets.
Now, lots of people are talking about the excellent new open source,
partially crowd funded, computer-animated short-film Sintel: There are
so many important points to make here that relate to stuff we talk
- The technology keeps getting better and the cost to do such high
quality work keeps decreasing. This movie did cost $550,000 to make --
involving a 14-person team. But, that's a hell of a lot less than it
would have cost not so long ago for anything of this level of quality.
- The creators used some crowdfunding: They offered up a bunch of
reasons to buy as a way to get people to preorder and pay up front.
Note that they didn't just say "please give us money," but provided a
bunch of benefits for doing so.
- The release is totally open source: They're using a Creative Commons
license that only requires attribution. That is, they have no problem
with commercial uses.
- The movie itself is also promoting something else: The movie comes
from the Blender Foundation, and helps promote their open source 3D
content creation suite, which is helpful for their business. This is a
point that we've tried to make many times in the past. All content
advertises something, and it's often important to figure out what that
is. In this case, Sintel helps "advertise" Blender's tools. It's yet
another example of content as advertising, and doing so in a way that's
not intrusive or seen as "product placement." If you have content, it's
important to realize what that content is advertising. Definitely a
cool example of a variety of neat ideas all wrapped up into one... and
producing a great movie as well.
Permalink | Comments | Email This Story
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Techdirt using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-10-07 12:26:44
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michael Hudson on the financial crisis and the 
Hudson's had a rather complex relationship to
Georgism/geolibertarianism.  I recall at one time he was friendly to
prospective attempts by Putin to use land taxation and severance fees
on minerals as the primary funding base for the Russian state -- and
thereby put an end to the transnational corporate "Great Barbecue"
started by Yeltsin.

@_date: 2010-10-09 12:10:04
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prelude - A Peak Oil Novel 
The initial description really caught my interest when it looked like
it might be a near-future Peak Oil scenario, but I confess the idea of
a fictionalized account of internal oil industry doings two years ago
leaves me a little flat.
I skimmed through the online text of ch. 1 and found that it conveyed
useful information.  And the oleaginous PR guy seemed pretty true to
type.  But I'd prefer to just see the information distilled into a
shorter op-ed than embedded in fictional dialogue in such a didactic

@_date: 2010-10-10 00:29:10
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prelude - A Peak Oil Novel 
I actually liked the social ideas in Makers and Suarez's two novels
(understatement of the century).  They just did a great job of letting
the narrative bring out the ideas in its own time.  But maybe I'm
misjudging Prelude based on Ch. 1.

@_date: 2010-10-23 12:39:24
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] micropolitics vs waiting for the big thing 
I'll see if I can get around to doing something next week.  (I
recently got up the nerve to finally check the P2P Blog dashboard
again and found it, at least for the time being, didn't have the
horrible formatting problems I'd experienced.  If I find it's still in
acceptable working order, I'll probably do something on the topic).
I'd already seen the Gladwell article and thought it was fundamentally
wrong-headed.  He assumes the level of effort required for a movement
to succeed is basically a constant, and then evaluates the comparative
effectiveness of different methods in providing that level of effort.
But in fact technology has created a fundamental change in the effort
threshold required for taking on large organizations, and shifted the
balance of power in the offensive-defensive arms race (what Robb calls
I'll see what I can do.

@_date: 2010-09-02 19:55:39
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the psychology of power and empowerment 
Thanks, Michel.  I'm getting toward the deadline on a research paper
for C4SS, so I can't really take anything else on right now.
Actually, I haven't tried to do anything on any of my backlog of P2P
Blog commitments since the last time I posted there and the dashboard
text editing glitch caused it to take several times longer than it
should have reformatting it.

@_date: 2010-09-03 01:13:58
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the psychology of power and empowerment 
Thanks, James.  But the problem isn't the editor eating text.  It's formatting.
For one thing, the last few times I used it the dashboard on the text
editor didn't even fully load, so not all the buttons were visible.
This made it really hard -- impossible, really -- to edit text.
But a problem of longer standing is line breaks.  Not only does it not
preserve line breaks when I paste text in from other editors
(including pasting in the html from editors at other Wordpress blogs),
but it doesn't even properly preserve them when I write directly in
the text editor.
When I try to skip a line between paragraphs...
Like this...
The text editor eliminates the line...
So it looks like this.
I wind up having to skip a line and then type a period on the blank one,
which looks really stupid (I sometimes highlight the period and select
the smallest text size to make it less obvious, which makes it even
more time-consuming).
What it boils down to is that, with these workarounds, it takes me
about three times as long to put together a blog post as it normally
would.  And none of the other Wordpress interfaces I use does this --
just the P2P blog.

@_date: 2010-09-05 13:15:34
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] building a knowledge commons, 
IMO the value of Twitter can be pretty well summed up by the fact that
every single news item about Sarah Palin comes from her Tweeting or
updating her Facebook page.

@_date: 2010-09-06 23:47:29
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [LeftLibertarian2] F*** Facebook, 
Here is some information I think needs to be disseminated widely those of you
 who are interested in privacy and so forth. There is a new social
network called
 Diaspora that is open-sourced, decentralized, non-corporate, personally
 controlled, and do-it-all that is comming out real soon (15th of this month I
 think). I would encourage everyone to seriously consider joining this new
 network and abandon the corporately owned and controlled network Facebook and
 tell all your friends about Diaspora.
 Mark
 Facebook's Gone Rogue; It's Time for an Open Alternative
 * By Ryan Singel * May 7, 2010 * 6:58 pm * Categories: Social Media
 Facebook has gone rogue, drunk on founder Mark Zuckerberg's dreams
 of world domination. It's time the rest of the web ecosystem
 recognizes this and works to replace it with something open and
 distributed.
 Facebook used to be a place to share photos and thoughts with friends
 and family and maybe play a few stupid games that let you pretend you
 were a mafia don or a homesteader. It became a very useful way to
 connect with your friends, long-lost friends and family members. Even if
 you didn't really want to keep up with them.
 Soon everybody ? including your uncle Louie and that guy you hated
 from your last job ? had a profile.
 And Facebook realized it owned the network.
 Then Facebook decided to turn "your" profile page into your
 identity online ? figuring, rightly, that there's money and
 power in being the place where people define themselves. But to do that,
 the folks at Facebook had to make sure that the information you give it
 was public.
 So in December, with the help of newly hired Beltway privacy experts, it
 reneged on its privacy promises and made much of your profile
 information public by default. That includes the city that you live in,
 your name, your photo, the names of your friends and the causes
 you've signed onto.
 This spring Facebook took that even further. All the items you list as
 things you like must become public and linked to public profile pages.
 If you don't want them linked and made public, then you don't
 get them ? though Facebook nicely hangs onto them in its database in
 order to let advertisers target you.
 This includes your music preferences, employment information, reading
 preferences, schools, etc. All the things that make up your profile.
 They all must be public ? and linked to public pages for each of
 those bits of info ? or you don't get them at all. That's
 hardly a choice, and the whole system is maddeningly complex
  .
 Simultaneously, the company began shipping your profile information off
 pre-emptively to Yelp, Pandora and Microsoft ? so that if you show
 up there while already logged into Facebook, the sites can
 "personalize" your experience when you show up. You can try to
 opt out after the fact, but you'll need a master's in Facebook
 bureaucracy to stop it permanently.
 Care to write a status update to your friends? Facebook sets the default
 for those messages to be published to the entire internet through direct
 funnels to the net's top search engines. You can use a dropdown
 field to restrict your publishing, but it's seemingly too hard for
 Facebook to actually remember that's what you do. (Google Buzz, for
 all the criticism it has taken, remembers your setting from your last
 post and uses that as the new default.)
 Now, say you you write a public update, saying, "My boss had a crazy
 great idea for a new product!" Now, you might not know it, but there
 is a Facebook page for "My Crazy Boss" and because your post had
 all the right words, your post now shows up on that page. Include the
 words "FBI" or "CIA," and you show up on the FBI or CIA
 page.
 Then there's the new Facebook "Like" button littering the
 internet. It's a great idea, in theory ? but it's completely
 tied to your Facebook account, and you have no control over how it is
 used. (No, you can't like something and not have it be totally
 public.)
 Then there's Facebook's campaign against outside services. There
 was the Web 2.0 suicide machine that let you delete your profile by
 giving it your password. Facebook shut it down.
 Another company has an application that will collect all your updates
 from services around the web into a central portal ? including from
 Facebook ? after you give the site your password to log in to
 Facebook. Facebook is suing the company and alleging it is breaking
 criminal law by not complying with its terms of service.
 No wonder 14 privacy groups filed a unfair-trade complaint
  with the
 FTC against Facebook on Wednesday.
 Mathew Ingram at GigaOm wrote a post entitled "The Relationship
 Between Facebook and Privacy: It's Really Complicated
  ."
 No, that's just wrong. The relationship is simple: Facebook thinks
 that your notions of privacy ? meaning your ability to control
 information about yourself ? are just plain old-fashioned. Head
 honcho Zuckerberg told a live audience in January that Facebook is
 simply responding to changes in privacy mores
  , not changing them ? a convenient, but
 frankly untrue, statement.
 In Facebook's view, everything (save perhaps your e-mail address)
 should be public. Funny too about that e-mail address, for Facebook
 would prefer you to use its e-mail?like system that censors the
 messages sent between users
  .
 Ingram goes onto say, "And perhaps Facebook doesn't make it as
 clear as it could what is involved, or how to fine-tune its privacy
 controls ? but at the same time, some of the onus for doing these
 things has to fall to users."
 What? How can it fall to users when most of the choices don't'
 actually exist? I'd like to make my friend list private. Cannot.
 I'd like to have my profile visible only to my friends, not my boss.
 Cannot.
 I'd like to support an anti-abortion group without my mother or the
 world knowing. Cannot.
 Setting up a decent system for controlling your privacy on a web service
 shouldn't be hard. And if multiple blogs are writing posts
 explaining how to use your privacy system, you can take that as a sign
 you aren't treating your users with respect, It means you are
 coercing them into choices they don't want using design principles.
 That's creepy.
 Facebook could start with a very simple page of choices: I'm a
 private person, I like sharing some things, I like living my life in
 public. Each of those would have different settings for the myriad of
 choices, and all of those users could then later dive into the control
 panel to tweak their choices. That would be respectful design ? but
 Facebook isn't about respect ? it's about re-configuring the
 world's notion of what's public and private.
 So what that you might be a teenager and don't get that
 college-admissions offices will use your e-mail address to find possibly
 embarrassing information about you. Just because Facebook got to be the
 world's platform for identity by promising you privacy and then
 later ripping it out from under you, that's your problem. At least,
 according to the bevy of privacy hired guns the company brought in at
 high salaries to provide cover for its shenanigans.
 Clearly Facebook has taught us some lessons. We want easier ways to
 share photos, links and short updates with friends, family, co-workers
 and even, sometimes, the world.
 But that doesn't mean the company has earned the right to own and
 define our identities.
 It's time for the best of the tech community to find a way to let
 people control what and how they'd like to share. Facebook's
 basic functions can be turned into protocols, and a whole set of
 interoperating software and services can flourish.
 Think of being able to buy your own domain name and use simple software
 such as Posterous to build a profile page in the style of your liking.
 You'd get to control what unknown people get to see, while the
 people you befriend see a different, more intimate page. They could be
 using a free service that's ad-supported, which could be offered by
 Yahoo, Google, Microsoft, a bevy of startups or web-hosting services
 like Dreamhost.
 "Like" buttons around the web could be configured to do exactly
 what you want them to ? add them to a protected profile or get added
 to a wish list on your site or broadcast by your micro-blogging service
 of choice. You'd be able to control your presentation of self ?
 and as in the real world, compartmentalize your life.
 People who just don't want to leave Facebook could play along as
 well ? so long as Facebook doesn't continue creepy data
 practices like turning your info over to third parties, just because one
 of your contacts takes the "Which Gilligan Island character are
 you?" quiz? (Yes, that currently happens)
 Now, it might not be likely that a loose confederation of software
 companies and engineers can turn Facebook's core services into
 shared protocols, nor would it be easy for that loose coupling of
 various online services to compete with Facebook, given that it has 500
 million users. Many of them may be fine having Facebook redefine their
 cultural norms, or just be too busy or lazy to leave.
 But in the internet I'd like to live in, we'd have that option,
 instead of being left with the choice of letting Facebook use us, or
 being left out of the conversation altogether.
 Photo: Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg gives the keynote at
 SXSW conference in Austin, Texas, 2009.
 Jim Merithew/Wired.com
 ------------------------------------
 Yahoo! Groups Links
 <*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
     <*> Your email settings:
    Individual Email | Traditional
 <*> To change settings online go to:
        (Yahoo! ID required)
 <*> To change settings via email:
    LeftLibertarian2-digest at yahoogroups.com
    LeftLibertarian2-fullfeatured at yahoogroups.com
 <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    LeftLibertarian2-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
 <*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:

@_date: 2010-09-13 07:00:38
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Engineering history 
Sent to you by Kevin Carson via Google Reader: Engineering history via
Armed and Dangerous by esr on 9/12/10
On a mailing list I frequent, a regular expressed doubt about the
possibility that very small subgroups of a society (less than 5% of its
population) can cause large changes in the overall direction of its
evolution without long historical timespans to work in. But I know from
experience that this can happen, because I?ve lived it. My explanation
(lightly edited and expanded) follows.
Of particular note is my explanation of how engineering design can
shape history.
Sometimes, when society reaches a cusp point, the decisions of
individuals and small groups can have very large downstream
consequences that are even visibly large in the near term.
I have personally been present, and an actor, for at least two such
hinge points of history: the finalization of the Internet design in
1983, and the mainstream emergence of open-source methods in the late
1990s. Even in the relatively short time since it has become clear that
these are game-changers on the civilizational level, with ripple
effects that will shape the rest of human history.
There may be other ways for it to to happen, but the way I?ve seen it
happen is that a few engineers make choices that have very large
implications for centralization vs. decentralization and the prevalence
of information asymmetry, then bake these into infrastructure before
the political class notices that the outcome could have been different.
Thought experiment: imagine an Internet in which email and web
addresses were centrally issued by government agencies, with heavy
procedural requirements and no mobility ? even, at a plausible extreme,
political patronage footballs. What kind of society do you suppose
eventually issues from that?
I was there in 1983 when a tiny group called the IETF prevented this
from happening. I had a personal hand in preventing it and yes, I knew
what the stakes were. Even then. So did everyone else in the room.
Thought experiment: imagine a future in which everybody takes for
granted that all software outside a few toy projects in academia will
be closed source controlled by managerial elites, computers are
unhackable sealed boxes, communications protocols are opaque and locked
down, and any use of computer-assisted technology requires layers of
permissions that (in effect) mean digital information flow is utterly
controlled by those with political and legal master keys. What kind of
society do you suppose eventually issues from that?
Remember Trusted Computing and Palladium and crypto-export
restrictions? RMS and Linus Torvalds and John Gilmore and I and a few
score other hackers aborted that future before it was born, by using
our leverage as engineers and mentors of engineers to change the ground
of debate. The entire hacker culture at the time was certainly less
than 5% of the population, by orders of magnitude.
And we may have mainstreamed open source just in time. In an attempt to
defend their failing business model, the MPAA/RIAA axis of evil spent
years pushing for digital ?rights? management so pervasively baked into
personal-computer hardware by regulatory fiat that those would have
become unhackable. Large closed-source software producers had no
problem with this, as it would have scratched their backs too. In
retrospect, I think it was only the creation of a pro-open-source
constituency with lots of money and political clout that prevented this.
Did we bend the trajectory of society? Yes. Yes, I think we did. It
wasn?t a given that we?d get a future in which any random person could
have a website and a blog, you know. It wasn?t even given that we?d
have an Internet that anyone could hook up to without permission. And
I?m pretty sure that if the political class had understood the
implications of what we were actually doing, they?d have insisted on
more centralized control. ~For the public good and the children, don?t
you know.~
So, yes, sometimes very tiny groups can change society in visibly large
ways on a short timescale. I?ve been there when it was done; once or
twice I?ve been the instrument of change myself.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Armed and Dangerous using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-09-22 11:19:35
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the huffington post pilfering? 
...where it won't get read at all.  That model has worked so well for
Rupert Murdoch, after all.
So long as HuffPo observes linking etiquette, I don't think the author
has anything to bitch about.  Most of the people who read the piece at
HuffPo probably never would have seen it or become aware of the
author's name at the original site.  And however small the number of
HuffPo readers who click on the link, it's probably larger than the
number who would have independently gone to read it behind a paywall.
And if the original newspaper of record adopts a paywall, it will have
a shrinking readership and increasingly irrelevant writers.

@_date: 2011-02-02 12:50:06
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [LeftLibertarian2] Ways that the Egyptians are 
Numeric IP addresses for social media sites still work, as do dialup
If nothing else,  the catastrophic economic effects of the shutdown in
Egypt are a lesson on why the power elite will probably delay such a
response until -- as in Egypt -- it's too late.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
This is from Barlow's page. I'm no techie but perhaps people here can
spread this, explain how its done or write an article on survival of
the internet in case it happens somewhere else, like here.
?RT  RT  20 ways 2 circumvent the Egyptian
government's internet block:  via Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
? ?
<*> Your email settings:
? ?Individual Email | Traditional
<*> To change settings online go to:
? ?
? ?(Yahoo! ID required)
<*> To change settings via email:
? ?LeftLibertarian2-digest at yahoogroups.com
? ?LeftLibertarian2-fullfeatured at yahoogroups.com
<*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
? ?LeftLibertarian2-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
? ?

@_date: 2011-01-04 17:15:48
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Listmaster Announcement: NEW LIST 
Here is a link to the new P2P Research email list:
It is a mailman list like the present one, and the subscription
procedure is quite simple and straightforward.
If you wish to remain a member and continue to receive messages,
please click on the link and subscribe to the new list.

@_date: 2011-01-05 00:50:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Listmaster Announcement: NEW LIST 
Definitely Franco as the main administrator, since he set it up.  I'm
cc'ing this to the new list, because I think it would be a good idea
to stop all threads on the old list and send replies to the new one

@_date: 2011-01-05 00:56:55
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Listmaster Announcement: NEW LIST 
I totally agree.  I hoped that after we announced the migration to the
new list, people would hurry up and subscribe, and forward any replies
to old threads to the new address.
Instead, I see old threads continuing on the old list, with half the
new stuff in my mailbox consisting of messages to the old list.
My next -- and LAST -- post to the old list will be an announcement,
in stronger terms, that the old list is being shut down and that
everyone who wants to particpate should hurry up and migrate
As Marco says, the longer we draw this out and have ongoing threads on
two different lists -- and people who keep subscribing to the old one

@_date: 2011-01-05 01:13:30
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Old P2P List to Shut Down -- PLEASE MIGRATE TO NEW 
As announced earlier, the old P2P Research mailman list is being shut
down because of problems with the  host.
A successor list has been created.  You can subscribe here:
It is a mailman list like the old one, and subscribing is very fast and easy.
If you wish to continue participating on the list, please click the
link and subscribe immediately.  It won't take two minutes.
We need to stop having ongoing discussion threads on two lists at
once, and complete the migration as soon as possible.  So...
Please stop posting responses to threads on the old list, effective
immediately.  If you respond to a message from the old list, please
forward your response to the new list after you have subscribed to it.

@_date: 2011-01-05 02:05:57
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Old P2P List to Shut Down -- PLEASE MIGRATE TO 
Hey, Denis.  I'm not an admin on the new list, so I'm cc'ing Franco.
I subbed and got an email confirmation (it requires replying or
clicking a link to confirm), and am receiving messages.  So hopefully
it will work for you--there may be a time delay, or (as with the old
list) require waiting for a list admin/moderator to get a notification
and clear your membership.  On the old list, new subscriptions
required approval, which means they waited until me, Franco or Ryan
checked our email.

@_date: 2011-01-14 01:29:05
@_author: Kevin Carson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Test 
I've set the autoresponder to remind anyone who posts to the old list
that it's moved to a new host.  This is just a test to see if the
autoresponder works.
