
@_date: 2008-12-22 14:29:47
@_author: Florent 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: P2P Energy Economy: request for critical 
I humbly wanted to thank Marc for the interesting initiative regarding
the conception and simulation/experimentation of the proposed
alternative currency model.
While not directly in the line of Marc's work, the following is merely
a placeholder/portable for items that let are close to be applicable
to tomorrow's real context.
I was wondering if anyone knowing other resources that would let
scalable/distributed "city" models exist (like distributed power
generation) could participate to the inter-linking in the wiki (in
P2PFoundation Links).
While i am deeply convinced that alternative models and uses will
progressively rise up, under economical constraints or not, i have
begun looking at them and listing them as building blocks.
Also, does anyone know of virtual/software tools that can be used to
simulate scenarios (some open source SimCity) ?

@_date: 2008-12-23 17:15:34
@_author: Florent 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: P2P Energy Economy: request for critical 
Not really. At least, not scalable in a durable way. More that the
perverse effects of capitalism's scalability are that primary, locally
needed resources (food, energy, ...) tend to get always more
centralized (giant supermakets, death of local commerce and
production, death of hand manufacturing and specialties (culture !),
privatization of community goods and services ...).
When separating the local and global scales, maybe the local layer can
be more locally-operated and ovoid centralization, both in favor of
durable development and robustness (e.g. to natural disasters), while
keeping the positive global effects and optimizing it's
infrastructures in tomorrow's technological context (which i call
"overlay layers").
Of course this is a personal point of view, but i wouldn't mind if:
* i don't own my car but have a way to get one when i need it ?
* i don't own my house but still have a right to occupy one ?
* i have daily community chores that i get rewarded for (e.g. the 2
forementioned examples)
Then i need to find a place that operates on these principles. But why
can't i find these models in the wild, while these are only local
matters ? Because my mega-state thinks otherwise ?
These are purely local needs, and with the current loss of feeling of
belonging to a local place/culture (i think, partially linked to
privatization of common goods and supersizing of state organizations)
we shall otherwise all end by wearing the same clothes and eating the
same food produced by the same corporations. Since nature shows that
the best strategy always is diversification and interoperable
standards, it looks like the best answear to have incentive for local
belonging and participation is to let people realize they are in a
human-sized community, thus the need for downscaling and reclaiming
Another interesting aspect of studying micro-cities is if this model
is kept open enough to let the communities that live within them to
operate the "rules" of their community, but sharing the same
infrastructural substrate : there would be units that share the same
ideology (fully commonly owned local resources, local culture), as
well as less "restrictive" ones... Yet still interoperable (energy
sharing, trading, ...). Again, diversification might be the key to
adaptation. Another example is that depending on the geographical
conditions the local autonomy's requirements would be very different,
so there has to be room for flexibility. If you have one, single city
model for an entire country, you will inevitably have a proportion of
the cities that are not adapted to local nature or culture. In this
sense, i feel this is some kind of reasonable return to the past when
cities had their own specialties and were built on top of them because
of local resources (e.g. mining, food, ...). Of course this time,
controlling the availability and renewability of these resources is
critical, which i think is not possible to do on a global scale but on
local scale.
Of course this scientifically-oriented approach to studying local
community models (based on needs/resources flows and network-derived
principles such as scalability and robustness) can easily appear as
non-ethical/technocentric/arbitrarian. It is not it's aim in my
opinion, because it refers to local, practical scale matters only,
defining a substrate/framework for decentralized city building without
resorting to full isolation. And my point is, the local could possibly
be autonomous and the global stay on it's track to full
web-globalization. See the Global Village initiative among other
similar principles.
Yes, and the entities that are built on it (like, megacorporations)
and that'll do everything in their power to slow/reject the adoption
of alternatives ; this is what happens when you fire CEOs for 2%
growth drops... Il looks like the only way to revert this pervert
"lets consume our not-really infinite resources" effect would be that
the monetary system is indexed on real, quantified available resources
pool, thus the goal of mark's proposal.
Wow, thanks for this impressive list !

@_date: 2008-12-28 18:55:25
@_author: Florent 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: P2P Energy Economy: request for critical 
Hi Stan,
Sorry for the late response.
Yes, i understand.
Hm, as a practical example, when permutations put highly centralized
entities in monopoly state  ? So in the end, the perversity comes from
the influence of highly centralized entities/powers on the local laws
? As if supermarkets lobbying would enforce regulations against small,
local producers/distributors ?
I see; it was a necessary step, such as the computer industry
(de)centralization cycles (mainframe-PC-cloud computing).
However, isn't the current (economical) system inertia against
changing induced by the maximization of growth and profits without
regards to the resources and existing ecosystems ? For instance, why
are they no regulations regarding a supermarket (sorry for the very
recurrent example) 's effect on local scale commerce ? Suprisingly, do
you know why there are still local commerces in Paris ? Because they
have the right to stay open during the evening... Take this right from
them, or give it to centralized entities, and they will inevitably
fall down...
Yes. My bad here, i am being influenced by both where i live (Paris)
and how young i am, not to mention that i am an engineer, not an
economist. I do not want to end in such a trivial escaping.
Trying to separate local (< 50 km) and global layers in a hypothetical
post-scarcity era, and recense appropriate theorical  and echnological
substrates for the respective scales, with an emphasis on the local
scale autonomy flows and architecture (grid).
I understand this is close to the Global Village idea (among other approaches).
I already began receiving interersting feedback regarding cybernetics
and sociocybernetics, technocracy theory, ... References that would
help me detailing my "intuitive grasp" (like marc said !). Thanks for
your critics !

@_date: 2008-06-03 13:29:40
@_author: Florent 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source alternative to second life 
Hi Michel,
What project (opensim/realxtend/opencroquet?...) are you referring to ?

@_date: 2008-05-22 14:44:32
@_author: Florent 
@_subject: [p2p-research] youtube and skype endangered by flash p2p? 
Hi Michel,
This post is an interesting answear to the previous link you mentioned, and
the author is the one that fire this "Flash 10 is the CDN armageddon" rant

@_date: 2009-11-07 12:57:28
@_author: Florent 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2PTV 
Since the topic was P2PTV, i wanted to know if the following case was
part of a P2P approach.
My company develops easy-to-use end-to-end video solutions that enable
any place (concert place, conference room, school or even meeting
room) to broadcast it's content to adequate specialized audiences.
In short, our systems serve as a micro-audience-oriented video appliances.
For instance, if there is a php conference in such a place, most of
the watchers will be remote php advocates; in other terms, it lays on
an intermediate level between user-based broadcasting
(ustream/livestream/etc...) and broadast-grade content (hulu, ...).
In the sense that our solutions'goal is to enable normal/individual
people share their knowledge and events with other,
similarly-interested individuals, should the process be considered as
P2P ?

@_date: 2009-11-09 10:47:12
@_author: Florent 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2PTV 
First, thanks for your comments.
No, our technology is not technically p2p (although we did some
experiments with p2p streaming technologies such as Tribler's P2PNext
prototype), and it doesn't necessarily need to for now at least
(thanks to the micro-audiences implied costs).
However, i was more asking on the social use and accessibility of the
systems in place when comparing to traditional broadcasting methods
(for live streaming, the traditional model is to hire a team of
dedicated people, with dedicated skills such as cameraman, producer,
streaming expert... instead of having a dedicated, in-house system
usable by a non-specialist).
I assume then that, even if the accessibility barrier has been lowered
and that it can be used as a substract for group communication, it
doesn't mean it's P2P until anyone can participate in the network in
an equal fashion (i.e. creating it's own live stream/content). There
is a form of interactivity however, where the remote participants can
join (by chat, audio or webcam) the live stream. Doesn't make it p2p
Would it then mean that most hardware-integrated solutions cannot be
of p2p nature (unless the hardware is general purpose such as mobile
phone or user computer -- nothing magic here except integrated Linux
appliance designed for non-specialists, but even this is too
technical/dedicated for non-specialists to launch/install just for
video needs).
