
@_date: 2007-12-04 13:12:50
@_author: Dafermos, George 
@_subject: [p2p-research] discussion on Capital and Class issue 
Hello everyone,
I agree with Athina and Tere: that two different venues have expressed an interest in publishing our work should be interpreted as something very positive. Neither do I see a conflict of interest here: as Athina and Tere say, we could publish in both spaces. In the present case, I have already sent Phoebe an abstract for a paper co-authored with J. Soderberg to include in her proposal to C&C. But in parallel I could prepape a text for TCS - or any other journal for that matter - based on my presentation at the workshop. What I'm saying is what Tere and Athina have already said: we could publish in both venues. Best regards,
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tue 12/4/2007 12:21 PM
Hi again,
I agree with Tere, I dont see a onflict of interest here. As far as I am
aware, one can publish in a journal and then with the journal's permission
(which is always given), publish the same or similar piece in a book or an
edited volume. It has happened a lot especially with work in progress. In
fact, in british academic terms, the last Research Assessment Exercise, the
same/similar piece of work, if published by two different venues could count
twice (this was not so in the RAE before that).
This is technical stuff, my point really is that some people's work might be
suitable for C&C (if it goes through as its editors can be difficult), and
others an edited volume somewhere, some can do both, they do not exclude
each other (its allowed!) and much more so, since work progresses, and by
the time a book comes up, material will be expanded and better to publish
Hope you are all in a creative pre christmas mood

@_date: 2008-04-17 16:45:40
@_author: Dafermos, George 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Study Reports on Debian Governance, 
Hello Michel and friends,
Thanks for the interesting link. I'm now reading the full paper on which this summary of its key points is based and I'll get back to you with my relevant thoughts and comments.
g. Sent: dinsdag 15 april 2008 22:26
Hi George,
see I wonder if you could mention and comment on this study for our blog?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
"Two academic management researchers, Siobh?n O'Mahony and Fabrizion Ferraro, performed a detailed scientific study about Debian Project governance and social organization from the management perspective. How a big non-commercial non-paying community evolved and actually produces some of the most respectable Operating Systems and applications packages available? Organizations without a consensual basis of authority lack an important condition necessary for their survival. Those with directly democratic forms of participation do not tend to scale well and are noted for their difficulty managing complexity and decision-making - all of which can hasten their demise. The Debian Project community designed and evolved a solid governance system since 1993 able to stablish shared conceptions of formal authority, leadership and meritocracy, limited by defined democratic adaptive mechanisms."
Web-Site: Organization: Contact: projekt at oekonux.de

@_date: 2008-02-12 21:25:44
@_author: Dafermos, George 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open letter to Routledge 
Hi Michel,
You have my signature; would be nice if we could talk some sense into these guys. -----Original Message-----
Sent: Tue 2/12/2008 10:10 AM
Hi Athina,
thanks for the perspective ...
getting a review copy is what I do, but that works for me mostly
because I have a reputation, blog etc... it's not a structural
solution ...
What about the idea that even when books are sold to libraries in
hardback, they will sell more when they are open, than when they are
closed, and I have regularly seen evidence on this ..
We could formulate in such a way that the appeal is positive, and not
an attack ...
I'll put it like this, I'll do that open letter if I have at least
seven signatures, 2 already 5 more to go,

@_date: 2010-04-09 15:06:36
@_author: Dafermos, George 
@_subject: [p2p-research] in what precisely, 
word has it that soon greece will be under the custody of the international monetary fund...thus opening up a new cycle of great profiteering schemes..
in attachment - I did not find any direct link as the site of the newspaper
does not seem to have as policy to publish them online...
(  )
but some meager references to the articles in attachment on other places on
the net...
 Le Canard enchain? -
"Les derni?res recettes des banques pour plumer leurs clients"
ainsi que pour le deuxieme,
Le Canard encha?n? - mercredi 24 f?vrier
 , "La banque qui ne dit jamais non".
Le Paradis n'est pas naturel, c'est l'Enfer qui l'est :
Il est toujours plus facile de d?truire que de construire, de salir que de
d'inventer un mensonge que de chercher la v?rit?, de tricher que de
de voler que de travailler, de fiche une baffe que d'expliquer, de violer
que de faire l'amour, ...
En somme: Toujours plus facile de faire le mal que le bien !
Le paradis est un r?ve, un espoir potentiel ? r?aliser, par la force de nos
seules volont?s, mais partag?es,
pour contourner le d?sespoir de la r?alit? actuelle, naturellement
infernale, de la Loi de la Jungle :
Je te bouffe ou tu me bouffes.

@_date: 2010-08-12 18:50:36
@_author: Dafermos, George 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
Although I've contributed little, if anything, of value to the wiki,
I've been following the work of the p2pfoundation since its inception
and it pains me to see it consumed in conflicts like the present one. As
there is virtually nothing I could do to resolve this issue in a manner
that seems to be agreeable to both sides, it might have been better for
me to abstain from venting an opinion on the matter. However, as a
couple of things I have written over the years are now part of the wiki,
I feel entitled to express my feelings. So, considering that: a) the vast majority of content on the wiki has been created by michel
b) michel has shown himself to be open to views that diverge from his
own, attempting to construct a 'common ground' in which their
differences can be reconciled (through an emphasis on their
commonalities); c) michel is the undisputed 'guiding light' behind the community that
has formed around the p2pfoundation as well as the primary *maintainer*
of the p2pfoundation project (to borrow a term favoured by free software
developers), I can't see the rationale for excluding michel from the steering of the
p2pfoundation. Nor can I see how his conduct is at variance with the
principles of peer governance: michel's opinion may well carry more
weight than alex's, but that influence should not be confused with
*power* as alex understands it. The reason is simple: michel, regardless
of whether we like him or not, cannot *coerce* anyone into doing
anything they don't like. His authority, in other words, is not
coercive. Far from it, michel's 'authority' is only moral. And moral
authority essentially consists in the trust and respect that a person is
invested with when others recognise the value of his contributions. What I'm trying to say here is that the way I see it the present
conflict has very little to do with the 'arbitrariness of those in
authority': that is, with michel abusing the 'power of his office' (as
Alex criticises him to be doing). As I explained above, if michel's
opinion carries more influence than that of others in the project, that
is not because it is tied to some 'office', for there is simply no such
'office' in the p2pfoundation, at least up to now. If michel is
recognised as a figure of (moral) authority, that is not because he
holds some 'office' but because of the recognition of the value of what
he's done so far from community/project members. On a more personal note, I would not be willing to support a
p2pfoundation from which michel has been ousted.    g.

@_date: 2010-03-11 22:06:25
@_author: Dafermos, George 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Greek pirate bay emergency 
The poster reads:'freedom to the guys of gamato.nfo...we demand the immediate arrest of the thieves of the stock exchange - of those responsible for wiretapping - of the thieves of the pension funds - of the commissioners of Siemens - of the thieves of public money - of those responsible for Vatopedi'. monica.horten at iptegrity.com
Dear friends,
I say this with little info at hand, because I was in a full day conference
that lasted until 10 pm and apart from the teargas wafting in, I have no
idea yet of today's event. However, George Papanikolaou informed me verbally
of the arrest of 6 Greek filesharers and requested assistance.
He's looking for a simple text or editorial why filesharers should not be
arrested, that could be quickly translated into Greek for asap publication
and intervention in the greek blogosphere.
I'm sure he will read this soon, and send you additional information,
Thanks for sending him quickly any text that can be used in this endeavour,

@_date: 2010-09-03 18:37:13
@_author: Dafermos, George 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Proposals for new p2p-f logo, call for comments 
Congrats to Franco, they all look very beautiful (with the exception of the one at the top of the right column, whose colour combination I didn't like that much). Sent: vrijdag 3 september 2010 18:27
Dear friends:
Franco is calling for comments on his logo proposals, which are now online at Thanks for pithing in,
