
@_date: 2010-08-03 08:18:33
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blogpost: From Silicon Valleys to Community 
Not much new for you folks but may be of interest.
Many (most) countries in the world have in the decade just passed, developed
and at least partially implemented what may be called a "digital development
strategy".  These strategies are based on a perception that the kind of
economic activity that has resulted from the technical/digital development
taking place in Silicon Valley and similar such locales particularly in the
US is a necessary element of the economic development strategy for any/every
country that wants to be competitive and thus prosperous at this time in
economic history....Whether these ecologies can be reproduced is one thing,
whether the attempt should be made to reproduce them is something else.

@_date: 2010-08-11 15:39:47
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
The Community Informatics network went through a very similar destructive
process.  My only observation from that expereince is that substance (content) is
always more important than process (technology).  Also, that substance
(content) should be as "free" form as possible while process (technology)
should be embedded in formalized structures.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
You've got my support no matter what happens, and I will state it
publicly any time you need me to.
On Wed, Aug 11, 2010 at 3:33 PM, Michel Bauwens   Sam Rose
Future Forward Institute and Forward Foundation
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
              "The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human
ambition." - Carl Sagan

@_date: 2010-08-15 12:56:22
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] re-New Town - Sustainable Urban Housing 
I was finally able to download and read this document, thanks Matt!
Unfortunately doing so spoiled for me what was turning out to be very nice
This document displays the worst features of planning--trendiness,
self-satisfaction, arrogance and a complete and blithe perhaps willful,
perhaps unconscious ignorance and avoidance of human agency and
group/community process(es).
They point with some disdain at the previous experience with (and failure
of) planned communities in the UK and following in Japan and others while
failing to draw the appropriate conclusions from these failure... The
planned communities haven't failed because the planners weren't smart enough
at planning, they have failed because they were completely arrogant in their
attitudes towards the residents (and prospective residents) who not without
reason saw the emptiness of the plans to which they were subject and voted
with their feet for communities which would respect their choices and their
desire/need to be involved in making crucial decisions on how they, their
families and their communities would live now and evolve in the future.
Heaven preserve us from "educated idiots".
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Matt
Sent: Sunday, August 15, 2010 8:26 AM
Below is the download link to the scanned MIT report. Enjoy !
Direct Download: Preview: p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-12-20 12:25:57
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: [NetBehaviour] When Free Software Sucks 
I'm not sure if this below has been discussed below here or not...
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:netbehaviour-bounces at netbehaviour.org] On Behalf Of Rob Myers
Sent: Monday, December 20, 2010 2:59 AM
"For open source, poor-quality software is a problem to be explained away or a reason to eschew the software altogether. For free software, it is a problem to be worked through. For free software advocates, glitches and missing features are never a source of shame. Any piece of free software that respects users' freedom has a strong inherent advantage over a proprietary competitor that does not. Even if it has other issues, free software always has freedom.
A second, perhaps even more damning, fact is that the collaborative, distributed, peer-review development process at the heart of the definition of open source bears little resemblance to the practice of software development in the vast majority of projects under free (or "open source") licenses." _______________________________________________
NetBehaviour mailing list
NetBehaviour at netbehaviour.org

@_date: 2010-07-12 12:45:08
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: Tremble, Banks, Tremble 
Finally, someone talking sense about the current mess and some realistic
(except for the US politics) strategies for moving forward.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, July 12, 2010 6:20 AM
Tremble, Banks, Tremble The key to financial recovery: restoring the rule of
law on Wall Street. James K. Galbraith The New Republic July 9, 2010 The financial crisis in America isn't over. It's
ongoing, it remains unresolved, and it stands in the way
of full economic recovery. The cause, at the deepest
level, was a breakdown in the rule of law. And it
follows that the first step toward prosperity is to
restore the rule of law in the financial sector.
First, there was a stand-down of the financial police.
The legal framework for this was laid with the repeal of Glass-Steagall in
1999 and the Commodities Futures Modernization Act of 2000. Meanwhile the
Basel II process relaxed international bank supervision, especially
permitting the use of proprietary models to value complex assets-an open
invitation to biased valuations and accounting frauds.
Key acts of de-supervision came under Bush. After 9/11
500 FBI agents assigned to financial fraud were
reassigned to counter-terrorism and (what is not
understandable) they were never replaced. The Director
of the Office of Thrift Supervision appeared at a press conference with a
stack of copies of the Code of Federal Regulations and a chainsaw-the
message was not subtle. The SEC relaxed limits on leverage for investment
banks and abolished the uptick rule limiting short sales to moments
following a rise in price. The new order was
clear: anything goes.
Second, the response to desupervision was a criminal
takeover of the home mortgage industry. Millions of
subprime mortgages were made to borrowers with
undocumented incomes and bad or non-existent credit
records. Appraisers were selected who were willing to
inflate the value of the home being sold. This last
element was not incidental: surveys showed that
practically all appraisers came under pressure to
inflate valuations in order to make deals happen. There
is no honest reason why a lender would deliberately seek
to make an inflated loan.
Mortgages were made with a two-or three-year grace
period, with a low, fixed interest rate called a
"teaser." These were not real mortgages; they were counterfeits, whose value
would collapse when exposed. As with any counterfeit, the profits came
early, when the bad paper was first sold. After the grace period, rates
would reset, and the lenders knew that the borrowers, who were already
stretched by their initial payments, would either refinance or default. If
they refinanced, that would mean another mortgage origination fee. And if
they defaulted, well ... on to step three.
Third, the counterfeit mortgages were laundered so they
would look to investors like the real thing. This was
the role of the ratings agencies. The core competence of
the raters lay in corporate debt, where they evaluate
the record and prospects of large business firms. The
value of mortgage bonds depended on the behavior of tens
of thousands of individual borrowers, whose individual
quality the ratings agencies could never check. So the
agencies substituted statistical models for actual
inquiry, and turned a blind eye to the fact that the
loans were destined to go bad.
Fourth, the laundered goods were taken to market. The investment and
commercial banks transformed the bad mortgages into bonds, obtained the AAA
ratings, and sold the stinking mess to American pension funds, European
banks and anyone else who took the phrase "investment grade" at face value.
(Later chumps would include the Federal Reserve.) The European crisis now
underway is a direct result, as their banks and investors, stung by losses
on American mortgage bonds, are dumping their risky Greek public debt and
seeking the safety of U.S. Treasury bills.
When the crisis went public in August 2007, Henry
Paulson's Treasury took every step to prevent the final collapse from
happening before the 2008 elections, extracting billions from the Federal
Housing Authority and from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to relieve the
pressure on bank balance sheets. It worked until it didn't. In September
2008 the collapse of Lehman triggered the collapse of American International
(AIG) and the steps that led to the Troubled Assets
Relief Program (TARP) and to the effective
nationalization of the commercial paper market, meaning
that the Federal Reserve has become the primary short-
term funder of major American corporations.
Upon taking office, President Obama had a chance to
change course and didn't take it. By seizing the largest problem banks, the
government could have achieved clean audits, replaced top management, cured
destructive compensation practices, shrunk a bloated industry, and cut the
banks' lobbying power and therefore their capacity to obstruct financial
reform. The way to write- downs of bad mortgage debt and therefore to
financial recovery would have been opened.
None of this happened. Instead the Treasury administered
fake "stress tests" and relaxed mark-to-market
accounting rules for toxic assets which permitted the
banks to defer losses and to continue to carry trash on
their books at inflated values. This reassured the banks
that they would not be permitted to fail-and so back to bonuses-as-usual
they went. The banks survived, and the administration today claims this
"proves" they didn't need to be taken over. But to what end did they
survive? The banks are bigger, more powerful, and moer obstructionist than
ever-and largely uninterested in making new commercial, industrial, or
residential loans.
Today the former middle class is largely ruined: upside
down on its mortgages and unable to add to its debts.
With housing prices low and falling, banks are delaying foreclosures because
they don't wish to recognize their losses; it is a sick fact that the cash
homeowners conserve by non-payment is one source of the anemic recovery so
far. But construction remains depressed, state and local budgets continue in
a death-spiral of spending cuts and tax increases, the stimulus will soon
end, and exports may soon fall victim to international austerity and the
rapidly declining euro. Meanwhile the deficit hysterics seem determined to
block unemployment insurance and aid to states today, and to cut Social
Security and Medicare tomorrow.
In this way, the financial sector remains a fatal drag
on the capacity for strong growth. And the financial
reform bills about to clear Congress will not cure this.
The bill in conference has some useful elements but it
is neither sufficient nor necessary to clean up frauds,
which have always been illegal. Nor will it clean up
private balance sheets and permit lending to restart.
Still less will it set a new direction for the financial economy going
What to do? To restore the rule of law means first a
rigorous audit of the banks and of the Federal Reserve.
This means investigations-Representative Marcy Kaptur
has proposed adding a thousand FBI agents to this task.
It means criminal referrals from the Financial Crisis
Inquiry Commission, from the regulators, from Congress,
and from the new management of troubled banks as they
clean house. It means indictments, prosecutions,
convictions, and imprisonments. The model must be the
clean-up of the Savings and Loans, less than 20 years
ago, when a thousand industry insiders went to prison.
Bankers must be made to feel the power of the law in
their bones.
How will this help the economy? The first step toward
health is realism. We must first stop pretending that
bad assets can be made good, that bad loans will someday
be repaid, and that bad people can run good banks. Debt
crises are resolved when debts are written down and
gotten rid of, when the institutions that peddled bad
debts are restructured and reformed, and when the people
who ran the great scams have been removed. Only then
will private credit start to come back, but even then
the result of bank reform is more prudent banks, by
definition more conservative than what we've had.
So yesterday's borrow-like-there's-no-tomorrow America
is done for in any event; there will not be another bank-sponsored private
credit boom. The housing crisis (and therefore the middle-class insolvency)
won't go away soon. There is no cure for falling housing prices except time
and patience; debt relief will at best stabilize the middle class. It
follows that the private banks and dealers and borrowing by households are
not going to be at the center of the next expansion.
We are in the post-financial-crash. We need to do what
the U.S. did during the New Deal, and what France,
Japan, Korea, and almost every other successful case of post-crash (or
postwar) reconstruction did when necessary. That is, we need to create new,
policy- focused financial institutions like the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to take over the role that the banks and capital markets have
abandoned. Thus, as part of the reconstruction of the system, we need a
national infrastructure bank, an energy-and-environment bank, a new Home
Owners Loan Corporation, and a Gulf Coast Reconstruction Authority modeled
on the Tennessee Valley Authority. To begin with.
A reconstructed financial system should finance the reconstruction of the
country. Public infrastructure. Energy security. Prevention and mitigation
of climate change, including the retrofitting of millions of buildings. The
refinancing of mortgages or conversion to rentals with "right-to-rent"
provisions so that people can stay in their homes at reasonable rates. The
cleanup and economic renovation of the Gulf Coast. All of this by loans made
at low interest rates and for long terms, and supervised appropriately by
real bankers prepared to stay on the job for decades.
The entire host of neglected priorities of the past 30
years should be on the agenda now. That is the way-and
the effective path-toward prosperity.
Portside aims to provide material of interest
to people on the left that will help them to
interpret the world and to change it.
Submit via email: moderator at portside.org
Submit via the Web: portside.org/submit
Frequently asked questions: portside.org/faq
Subscribe: portside.org/subscribe
Unsubscribe: portside.org/unsubscribe
Account assistance: portside.org/contact
Search the archives: portside.org/archive

@_date: 2010-07-12 14:21:08
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
This kind of Beck-ian discussion is as much a red herring as the original.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Daniel Araya
Sent: Monday, July 12, 2010 2:09 PM
Michel, you're presenting a false argument IMO. Ryan is making the point
that the entire system of capitalism (all strata included) is highly
productive-- the most productive system so far in fact. Marx himself made
the very same point...    _____  this is of course very questionable ...
put capitalists in a room, and they are tremendously unproductive, they are
only productive because workers are productive, but you could argue, that
the organisation of production is a form of productivity ... yet most of
that done is not done by capitalists but by a paid managerial class ... also, as we now know, the most well-paid were actually destroying the most
value (there is a study of the NEF on that ... .. the added value of
capitalists and financiers is actually negative)
so your statement that in capitalism, the more value you create, the more
you consume, is a nice piece of mythology, but unwarranted and disproven ..
you also discount social movements ... the Nordic countries have very strong
labour and social movements, could this be an explanation, rather than
mysterious goodness, that explains their social system,
and is it a coincidence that the best-paid workers in the world, i.e. the
Koreans, also have the strongest unions?
following your reasoning, the top 1% of the population mysteriously created
lots and lots more value ... yet, growth rates declined dramatically since
the 1980's
In the past and present, people of enormous productivity (e.g. capitalists)
consumed significantly in a way that others see as wasteful.  Indeed it is.
But they view this as a reward for their huge productivity.  Measuring
productivity and value creation is hard.  No one knows exactly how to do it.
But we do know that people will argue that their capacity for value creation
is greater than it might actually be.  In other words, people negotiate for
their own benefit rather than society's.  If society does a bad job at
evaluating value of productivity, systems become very inefficient, and the
machines of society too often produce stuff people don't want as much as
they could have if the machines had been used efficiently.  In capitalism, the more value you create.  The more you get to consume.  In
any other system, immediate imbalances are inevitable.  The only possible
non capitalist system that can work, in my view, is one where moral
responsibility to the society is a sort of currency...as in Nordic
countries.  In those places, value producers subordinate their own desires
to those of others.  Why?  Who can say. Money is, in simplest terms, a machine.
It isn't like a machine.  It IS a machine.  It is a machine that either
makes something others want (value) or it is a machine that makes things
only a consumer wants (i.e. consumption).
If it makes consumption, it is used up.  If money makes value, like all
machines that can be used more than once, it is a value multiplier.  If someone uses money to create value, then they are productive.
Productivity leads to happier worlds because people have things others want.
In an eastern-styled anti-desire world, these systems do not apply...though
there is ample evidence, given free choice, nearly everyone wants something
that is scarce.  Wanting fewer things that are scarce is a sort of advantage
in this new world, but it is a choice most would not want to make freely.
People like cars, tools, luxuries of all sorts...jewelry, prettier mates,
etc.  These things cost machinery...money to produce.  If they don't create
further value...then that is consumption.  Non productive consumption burns
up capital.  It is a fire in the machine shop.  Granted, it is a necessary
fire, but it is a fire none-the-less.
Build a good machine...and value is created.  Build a worthless life or
machine, and value is consumed.    I've been asked to explain debt problems as influenced by technology.  I'll
Here's my "theory".  Many others share or have versions of something
similar.  I claim no originality.  I've posted several versions on this
1. Growth occurs when someone produces something others value.  The sum
total of value is the economy.
2. In the past, it was a matter of work and labour to produce something of
value...like digging a hole where a hole was wanted.
3. People learned to take money that was not in use and to use it by
borrowing it and then buying value-production which was then placed on sale.
4. The process of 3 entails risk.  Risk was rewarded by profit. 5. The system of 3-4 really works quite well so long as profit is likely.
6. In a world where learning and high productive machinery requiring low
skill levels is readily available (i.e. post 1990 or so) making profit is
harder.  7. Item 6 is especially true if innovation is not protected by the
state (e.g. through intellectual property.)
8. Because profit is harder especially in tangible goods and services
(because of technology and learning distribution) credit is harder.
9. When credit became hard, the incentives to cheat increased.  People lent
money badly and then cleverly sold the bad loans to others who didn't
10. When 9 happened, the state had to decide whether huge firms fulfilling
important institutional roles would die, or be saved.  11. Nearly all states, especially in Japan and Europe, chose to save old
institutions (e.g. Royal Bank of Scotland), or in the US, AIG.
12. There is now an open question as to whether markets can still create
value (e.g. the iPod) in such a way that debt is justified.  If not,
capitialism in the form that creates ready growth through using unused money
is screwed.
13. When money goes unused, it is difficult to create new money and growth
of value.  There is no/little incentive to innovate.  This can be called
14. Deflation is more dangerous to capitalism by far than inflation.
Deflation means shrinkage of an economy because unused money becomes more
valuable by sitting than by being used.  Thus, people become even more risk
15. When 14 happens for a long time (e.g. Japan) then demographic and
institutional patterns start to become unsustainable.
16. When 15 happens, we do not understand the long term outcomes, but they
don't seem good.

@_date: 2010-07-12 15:14:43
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: [NetBehaviour] The Digital Surplus and Its 
A very interesting analysis and critique including of Jaron Lanier's recent
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:netbehaviour-bounces at netbehaviour.org] On Behalf Of marc garrett
Sent: Saturday, July 10, 2010 2:55 PM
The Digital Surplus and Its Enemies.
By Rob Horning
With the advent of Web 2.0, the Internet has begun to take on the characteristics of what the Italian autonomists like Paolo Virno called the social factory. The idea is that since many of us no longer have all that much to offer society, in terms of operating machinery or that sort of thing, the new way of extracting surplus value from our "labor" is to turn our social lives into a kind of covert work that we complete throughout the day, but in forms that can be co-opted by capitalist firms.
Work processes, as Virno explains in A Grammar of the Multitude [Semiotext(e); 2004], become diverse, but social life begins to homogenize itself in the sense that our identity becomes something we all must prove in the public sphere-we all become concerned with the self as brand. This results in the "valorization"-Marxist jargon for value enhancement-"of all that which renders the life of an individual unique"-which is to say our concern for our uniqueness, our identity in social contexts, becomes a kind of value-generating capital, or rather a circulating commodity.
This plays out in seemingly innocuous ways. It can be a matter of hyping a product free of charge but using it or talking about it. Or it can be a matter of going to parties with co-workers, learning to get along better and therefore increasing the efficiency of processes on the job. Or it is a matter of behaving politely among strangers, extending a system of politeness and trust that can be harvested economically as a reduction in transaction costs. To put it in sociologist Pierre Bourdieu's terms, our habitus-our manifest and class-bound way of being in the social world-has been transformed into an explicit productive force without our conscious consent by the way various social media have infiltrated everyday life.
NetBehaviour mailing list
NetBehaviour at netbehaviour.org

@_date: 2010-07-12 15:14:43
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
(I was referring to the earlier back and forth... Because it is dealing primarily at the level of slogans and bumper sticker
philosophy  -- you are a socialist/marxist/capitalist -- blah blah as per
Beck et al.
It is a characteristic of the extremely degraded public discourse in the US
at the moment that this kind of sloganeering substitutes for significant
policy analysis and responsible governance and of course it is a way for the
know-nothing US right to close down discussion and close out options and
even to bully people into silence and submission.
(Yes Marx was referring to the entire capitalist system, recognizing its
advantages -- as the means to overcome the limitations of feudalism, but
also recognizing its necessary element of insatiable greed as the basis for
internal self-destruction including through the on-going enmiseration of
that part of the population without access to resources apart from their own
labour... How various political systems have responded to the reality of
this observation has pretty much driven the political economies of the last
century and a half which I think is a rather more useful place to begin
discussion than whether or not my grandmother wore rubber boots...
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Daniel Araya
Sent: Monday, July 12, 2010 2:09 PM
Michel, you're presenting a false argument IMO. Ryan is making the point
that the entire system of capitalism (all strata included) is highly
productive-- the most productive system so far in fact. Marx himself made
the very same point...    _____  this is of course very questionable ...
put capitalists in a room, and they are tremendously unproductive, they are
only productive because workers are productive, but you could argue, that
the organisation of production is a form of productivity ... yet most of
that done is not done by capitalists but by a paid managerial class ... also, as we now know, the most well-paid were actually destroying the most
value (there is a study of the NEF on that ... .. the added value of
capitalists and financiers is actually negative)
so your statement that in capitalism, the more value you create, the more
you consume, is a nice piece of mythology, but unwarranted and disproven ..
you also discount social movements ... the Nordic countries have very strong
labour and social movements, could this be an explanation, rather than
mysterious goodness, that explains their social system,
and is it a coincidence that the best-paid workers in the world, i.e. the
Koreans, also have the strongest unions?
following your reasoning, the top 1% of the population mysteriously created
lots and lots more value ... yet, growth rates declined dramatically since
the 1980's
In the past and present, people of enormous productivity (e.g. capitalists)
consumed significantly in a way that others see as wasteful.  Indeed it is.
But they view this as a reward for their huge productivity.  Measuring
productivity and value creation is hard.  No one knows exactly how to do it.
But we do know that people will argue that their capacity for value creation
is greater than it might actually be.  In other words, people negotiate for
their own benefit rather than society's.  If society does a bad job at
evaluating value of productivity, systems become very inefficient, and the
machines of society too often produce stuff people don't want as much as
they could have if the machines had been used efficiently.  In capitalism, the more value you create.  The more you get to consume.  In
any other system, immediate imbalances are inevitable.  The only possible
non capitalist system that can work, in my view, is one where moral
responsibility to the society is a sort of currency...as in Nordic
countries.  In those places, value producers subordinate their own desires
to those of others.  Why?  Who can say. Money is, in simplest terms, a machine.
It isn't like a machine.  It IS a machine.  It is a machine that either
makes something others want (value) or it is a machine that makes things
only a consumer wants (i.e. consumption).
If it makes consumption, it is used up.  If money makes value, like all
machines that can be used more than once, it is a value multiplier.  If someone uses money to create value, then they are productive.
Productivity leads to happier worlds because people have things others want.
In an eastern-styled anti-desire world, these systems do not apply...though
there is ample evidence, given free choice, nearly everyone wants something
that is scarce.  Wanting fewer things that are scarce is a sort of advantage
in this new world, but it is a choice most would not want to make freely.
People like cars, tools, luxuries of all sorts...jewelry, prettier mates,
etc.  These things cost machinery...money to produce.  If they don't create
further value...then that is consumption.  Non productive consumption burns
up capital.  It is a fire in the machine shop.  Granted, it is a necessary
fire, but it is a fire none-the-less.
Build a good machine...and value is created.  Build a worthless life or
machine, and value is consumed.    I've been asked to explain debt problems as influenced by technology.  I'll
Here's my "theory".  Many others share or have versions of something
similar.  I claim no originality.  I've posted several versions on this
1. Growth occurs when someone produces something others value.  The sum
total of value is the economy.
2. In the past, it was a matter of work and labour to produce something of
value...like digging a hole where a hole was wanted.
3. People learned to take money that was not in use and to use it by
borrowing it and then buying value-production which was then placed on sale.
4. The process of 3 entails risk.  Risk was rewarded by profit. 5. The system of 3-4 really works quite well so long as profit is likely.
6. In a world where learning and high productive machinery requiring low
skill levels is readily available (i.e. post 1990 or so) making profit is
harder.  7. Item 6 is especially true if innovation is not protected by the
state (e.g. through intellectual property.)
8. Because profit is harder especially in tangible goods and services
(because of technology and learning distribution) credit is harder.
9. When credit became hard, the incentives to cheat increased.  People lent
money badly and then cleverly sold the bad loans to others who didn't
10. When 9 happened, the state had to decide whether huge firms fulfilling
important institutional roles would die, or be saved.  11. Nearly all states, especially in Japan and Europe, chose to save old
institutions (e.g. Royal Bank of Scotland), or in the US, AIG.
12. There is now an open question as to whether markets can still create
value (e.g. the iPod) in such a way that debt is justified.  If not,
capitialism in the form that creates ready growth through using unused money
is screwed.
13. When money goes unused, it is difficult to create new money and growth
of value.  There is no/little incentive to innovate.  This can be called
14. Deflation is more dangerous to capitalism by far than inflation.
Deflation means shrinkage of an economy because unused money becomes more
valuable by sitting than by being used.  Thus, people become even more risk
15. When 14 happens for a long time (e.g. Japan) then demographic and
institutional patterns start to become unsustainable.
16. When 15 happens, we do not understand the long term outcomes, but they
don't seem good.

@_date: 2010-07-12 18:36:14
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? (What is to be done?)? 
1. I believe free market capitalism has largely proved the happiest time for
humans by far. Hmmm... "Free market capitalism" as tempered by child labour laws, minimum
wage laws, occupational health and safety laws etc.etc. How "happy" would it
have been for the bulk of the population in the absence of these (if you
want to know take a look at places like sweat shop China or India where
these don't exist or aren't inforced... It isn't either or... the creative
dynamism of markets as supporting the creativity of the few tempered by the
regulation for collective well-being of the many
2. I believe in governments regulating markets.  As above.
3. I believe these things require careful balances.
As above.
4. I believe that technology is all important in changing the rules.
technology, collective action (as created the broad social framework
identified above), physical limits and so on as...
5. Technology has made labour and learning problematic.  not sure what you mean here
6. Because of 5, the credit/debt economy of the world is now broken.
therefore not sure what this means either
7. There may be ways to fix 6, but I don't see how. 8. If there is no way to fix 6, there will be great disruption and trauma.  9. Something else will ensue.
 yes Mr. Micawber something will turn up ;-)
10. P2P may be part of 9.  I think "free" economies are a logical technical
outcome.  not sure what this means either
11. Understanding free economies is therefore important. understanding anything that impacts on global well-being is important
12. There is no future in the past. yes, and if so, not much past in the future either (and is that a good
13. State socialism and communism are the past. See  (and you are slipping into rant mode again...
14. It is possible that debt-based capitalism is becoming the past.
Maybe but there will be a lot of twists and turns on the way some of which
we collectively need to intervene in..
15. If 14 is true, there is an urgency to uncover some means of solving what
will replace it.
 absolutely
Ryan   _____  shape the list as you see fit Michel. Its your party. As for Integrative
discussion. I don't see it. What exactly are you integrating from the Right?
Are there conservatives on this list? Please speak up. I'll even take a red
  _____  dear Daniel,
we have always debated in an open spirit here, and if you take on your Cold
War lenses and object to any mention of past theories and movements, you
will have a hard time,
I'm not a marxist, and very few on this list are, probably less than a
handful, but we take all ideas seriously, and have discussed many strands
... I personally talk with liberals, distributists, mutualists, red tories,
conservative catholic civil society theorists, integral theorists and many
others, and have featured their ideas and proposals in our blog, no one has
a monopoly on the truth
I'm not a fan of your naive american mythologising either, but I can live
with it, and I for one, won't insult you every time you exhibit it ...
sorry you can't deal with integrative  and rational debate and want to keep
things ideological and intolerant
ryan doesn't like marxism either, but has never exhibited this level of
intolerance and insulted contributors to this list
this is not a forum to call open and rational debate 'babble' and 'fog', so
I hope you can refrain from insults in the future, it's just not part of the
culture of this list
On Mon, Jul 12, 2010 at 8:03 PM, Daniel Araya This is really too lengthy to parse effectively Michel. My critique is of
communism. I pay homage to the many social revolutions over the past
centuries-- especially the recent civil rights movements in the US. Many of
these movements owe something to worker protests. sure. But even more-- I
would argue-- to a deep strain of Judeo-Christian ideology that successive
waves of revolutionaries have borrowed heavily from. Including Marx himself.
My bone of contention-- as I have already said-- is the loose way Marxists
claim all social revolutions as their own. As I believe you are doing right
now. You point out the many contributions of social protest and I would respond
by saying, terrific. The more the better. But please spare me the Marxist
  _____  communism was the dream of european and other workers to have a world in
which equal relations and full democracy would be possible, and part of the
broad tradition of emancipatory thinking who wants to give every human an
equitable chance .... it belongs in the same tradition as the french and the
american revolutions ... communism by the way was not a collectivism, i.e. a
theory of subsuming the individual to the collective, but rather based on
the principle, like in mahayana buddhism, that the liberty of the individual
is predicated on that of his brothers and sisters, in other words, nobody
can really be free by enslaving others, or in a world predicated on
exploitation of others.
the reasons why class society persisted,  including in the state-capitalist
or state-'socialist' countries, is a complex one, and I would welcome the
debate on the issue, so why don't you start, and I'll promise to respond
(not of course, that I have a full answer myself)
I'm personally not sure that this dream will ever be a reality and am not
prepared to wait for it, but I think we can make substantial advances to a
more equitable world order, not just because we can, but because we must, as
the present infinite growth order is not compatible with our survival.
P2P is one attempt to formulate a narrative and a politics that can bring
about such a change, by subsuming market dynamics (but not capitalism) to a
higher purpose and deeper social logic through the generation of commons. In
that, I honour the many previous attempts to achieve it, from many different
sides, which for me includes that dead european philosopher, but also many
others; and I recognize as primary enemies totalitarianism in all its forms,
especially Stalinism in all its derivative forms.
You ask, "Tell me Michel, what technology, democratic practice, or medical
innovation has a Marxist ever invented?" and of course the answer would be
the same as for the masons or christians, many, as indeed many
technologists, democrats, and healthcare pioneers have been Marxists, though
of course much less people espouse the label today. Do you imagine that all
the inventors in world history were all hayekians or schumpeterians? I would
like to turn it around and make it personal as well: nothing you have today,
your ability to study, etc .. would have been possible without the social
struggles and sacrifices of the working men and women for social justice and
a more equitable distribution of the social product, including in terms of
education, anti-child labour laws, universal suffrage, etc... Non of these
things would have been achieved without the 'socialist' workers movement in
the 19th and 20th century. None of these achievements were 'given', or just
a pure result of automatic prosperity. So, in your own privileged position
of a Canadian studying at a prestigious university in the U.S., you are
paradoxically a product of Marx, and without the inspirational force of him
and many others who inspired social movements, you might still be working in
the mines, or a foxconn equivalent, at a minimum wage, barely able to feed
your family.
Then you ask: Why in the history of experiments with communism was there no
democratic communist state? You probably know the classic marxist answer, which isn't mine, which is
that this realization was supposed to happen in advanced western countries,
the only one with the productive capacity to go beyond the scarcity
paradigm, and when the many attempts failed, through violent suppression as
you probably know, then successfull power grabs could only happen in
countries without that capacity, and hence quickly degenerated into new
class systems to allocate the scarce resources.
My own answer is different. First, I'm not sure that classlessness is
possible without a very long cultural and psychological maturation, and with
only 2% of the people at a peer to peer level of intersubjectivity (susan
cook greuter's statistics), you can imagine what a long trip that would be.
Like the going beyond the ego of eastern enlightenment, I'm not waiting for
it. Second, I think that Marxists got the change scenario wrong, as i have
argued in a few texts such as "To the Finland Station". Phase transitions
did generally NOT happen with a class taken over power from another, but
from a dual transformation of both producing and managerial classes around a
new productive paradigm. It is only after a long maturation, through the
stages of first emergence, then parity, that phase transitions occcur as a
change in the state form and in the dominant form of political power. In
this sense, socialism turned out to be to things, in the West, a means of
redistributing the social product to the working people who create value in
the first place (the social-democratic version), and in eastern europe and
china, a different version of capital accumulation, based on the
exploitation of the workers by a managerial class that was in control of the
state, essentially a variety of capital-ism, with salaried workers on the
one hand, and a collective ownership of the state by a managerial class on
the other (the nomenclatura, or whatever you want to call it).
My analysis of the failure of socialism then, is that it did not fullfill
the condition that Marx himself had put forward, i.e. that the old mode had
exhausted its possibilities, and that a new productive mode makes it
appearance. Obviously, though the state-capitalist or state-socialist mode
did have some successes, such as higher growth than its capitalist
competitors for a number of years, it could not deal with technological
complexity in the way capitalist democracies could (and we will see how
non-democratic capitalism like China will do on this score in the next 20
years), and it was thus NOT more productive than capitalism, and thus unable
to overtake it.
But as I argue in my own work, peer production is hyperproductive in this
sense, and this is why there is a re-orientation of capitalism towards
peer-production modalities today.
In my take today, this means an increasing turn of working people towards
peer production, and a turn of a section of capital towards netarchical
capitalism, through the joint modality of the commons.
So the phase transition towards peer to peer is not predicated upon the
creation of classnessness, but on the becoming core of the commons as a
social relation of commoning, while the remaining scarce good dynamics can
still be allocated through the market and other modalities. So the
difference is that as the present system is based on competition, and within
the competing entities on cooperation (through the hierarchical wage
relationship but also moderated through more and more horizontal
networking), then in the future I envision, based on the already evident
practice of existing commons, the core becomes cooperation through the
commons, while competition exists between the different commons. And we move
from a system which cannot recognize externalities in its practice (market
transactions are by definitions outside this purview), to a system where
externalities are build in.
Let me stress that this had nothing to do with collectivism ... peer to peer
is neither a return to premodern wholism, nor coercive cooperation in the
stalinist version, but it is based on the free aggregation of individuals
around the common creation of value through shared commons of knowledge,
code, and design.
Otherwise, you need to explain to me why forced cooperation through wage
dependency is individualism, but free cooperation is collectivism?
On Mon, Jul 12, 2010 at 5:34 PM, Daniel Araya I didn't realize 'communism' was about all that: Energy, the environment,
economic freedom, innovation, the end of selfishness... Wow. I had thought it was merely a translation of Rousseau's urbane notions
of tribalism into the field of economics (combined with a generous
"borrowing" off Hegel of course). But lo-- communism is many many things it
turns out. More than simply a critique of capitalism, or the forced
manufacture of equality, it appears to be the swiss army knife of economic
revolution. Tell me Michel, what technology, democratic practice, or medical innovation
has a Marxist ever invented? Why in the history of experiments with
communism was there no democratic communist state? Call P2P commonism if you like but the continued harping on a dead
eurocentric philosopher who couldn't even feed his family is ridiculous.
Collectivism is your hope not mine, so I'd prefer not to soil the promise of
networked production with the adolescent silliness of class war and a
"proletarian revolution".   _____  most of the speakers specificially disavow such romantic yearning for a
perfect future, and speak of the actual movement to create non-commodiized
social relations, here and now ... this is something that I presume most
people sympathetic to peer to peer are doing ... while the success of this
is historically mitigated, the refusal to see humans as only commodified
social relations and the continued practice of commoning, is really what
sustains civilisations, which would collapse without it ..
romanticism, or 'positive hope' or 'false utopian expectations', are not
characteristic of one particular side, since 1989 they were most prominently
characteristic of the so-called free-market right, which so spectacularly
failed in 2008,
at this stage, the left has a much firmer grasp of 'negativity', i.e. social
and environmental externalities, costs and dangers, than anyone in the grasp
of elite politics, free market absollutism, enterpreneurial romanticism, or
transhumanist technological determinism, all dreaming for magical solutions
that will wipe way all the real problems humanity is facing at this stage
what is the left really about, in its core, is expanding the field of
opportunity to all, and the democratized choice of any policy which affects
any individual, while the right hope that the free rein to the elite,
restricting decision-making to moneyed interests, and letting the top 1%
grab the lion's share of the social product, will magically and romantically
'trickle down' ..
hoping that one day you will read evidence-based literature such as
- the spirit level,
 and
what they show is that while neoliberalism has dramatically restricted post
1973 growth levels, most of the countries with high growth rates, such as
Brazil, adopted more equitable social policies ...
I think a possible exception to this might be China, though your colleague
Jan Niederveen Peterse calls it a 'social capitalism' as well, but is is the
one BRIC country where social equality decreased ... but frankly would you
want to live in a FOXCONN compound ..?
On Mon, Jul 12, 2010 at 7:14 AM, Daniel Araya I will maintain the romantic fiction that communism remains to be fully
actualized somewhere somehow in spite of half a century of failed attempts
across the planet if you'd like Michel ;)
(I just prefer science fiction to romantic fiction myself. Never been a fan
of Rousseau...)
  _____  hi daniel,
let's not have this discussion stalinist totalitarianism = communism, you
should know better ... I'm assuming that your studies did include a minimum
of political theory ?
your example is about just the opposite of what callinicos, himself a
trotskyist, would mean under communism ..
On Sun, Jul 11, 2010 at 7:37 PM, Daniel Araya It strikes me as funny that Callinicos seeks the museum of Capitalism in a
Communist era when it would seem to work the other way: Take a trip to Burma
or Cuba or North Korea and you find the living museums of communism in the
era of global capitalism...
'So often the vocabulary of the previous wave of emancipation is taken as
the standard for the next ? as if all subsequent waves of emancipation
should carry the banner of Voltaire and Diderot, of Marx or Che Guevara.
As if secularism should be the touchstone for all newcomers to the
gate ? emancipation frozen in time, gilded, decorated and elevated on
a pedestal, such as French laicite?'.
  _____  this video is really worth viewing and listening to, in order to have an
idea of left thinking today ...
alex callinicos presents the more traditional view, but zizek really rocks
here, and if his nervous mannerisms irk you, just close your eyes
both speakers confront the idea of the commons, talk about recent events in
China, and much more,
didn't get myself yet to the third speaker, john holloway ..

@_date: 2010-07-12 23:43:55
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Monday, July 12, 2010 10:54 PM
You are very likely in the top 20% of wealthy humans if any of the following
are true:
1. You've ever flown in an airplane.
2. You've ever owned a car or motorcycle.
3. You've ever owned an apartment or a plot of ground with freehold and
clear legal rights.
4. You've eaten more than 1800 calories a day most days of your life.
There are now 6.7 billion of us.  10% is 670 million.  20% is 1.34 billion.
In my work, I regularly discuss quintiles.  In education, it is a given that
the top 20% of performers (nearly however measured) do very well in their
societies.  In the US or Europe, they go to college, etc.  The second 20%
get technical degrees or become skilled labor.  Of course some people who do
those things are in the top 20% or in lower quintiles.  These are crude
measures.  But they are real.
The bottom 20% are nearly always associated either with social welfare
systems, mental health systems, or prisons (often all three.)  That is why I have tried to focus on the 3rd and 4th quintiles...those who
will make or break society by either falling into the lot of the bottom 20%
or who can equal the 2nd quintile.  In Nordic countries, success is
basically that the top 20% are equal to the best of the world, but the
middle two quintiles are not only closer to the top, they are far from the
bottom...which, by the way, is pretty sucky even in Nordic countries.  In India, the bottom 85% live sucky lives for the most part that none of us
would want for our friends or children much less ourselves.  The top 2% live
like the US or Sweden.  The 3rd to the 15% percentile quickly descend into a
lousy life.  It's all about the quintiles.  Show me the cut points for each quintile and
the global level of the top quintile, and I'll tell you what your society is
like.  I agree past injustices suck.  So do today's injustices.  I want to help
people get what they want...things they value...which is growth.  I don't
know what else can lead to sustainable resolution.  The simple truth is that capitalism has succeeded for more people in a
broader way than anything else.  There's just no reasonable argument contra.
Has it also destroyed people, created injustice, etc.  Of course it has.  No
reasonable person denies that.  The question is, do you throw the baby out
with the bathwater?
On Mon, Jul 12, 2010 at 10:49 AM, j.martin.pedersen
for humans by far.
Yeah, fuck the 16 million Africans that laid the foundation for it. They
don't count. Fuck the commoners, whose livelihoods were destroyed.
Nevermind them. Fuck the forests that were and still are cut down. Fuck
the 90% of the Americas' population. Fuck the indigenous still suffering
today, such as the Hoarani of whom 10% remain since oil - that liquid
that fuel your illusions of happiness - was discovered in their
territory 30-35 years ago. And so on. This statement spells racism.
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-07-18 19:49:34
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1258?q?FW=3A_Spain=92s_unemployment_deva?= 
-----Original Message-----
Sid Shniad
Sent: Sunday, July 18, 2010 6:56 PM
Globe and Mail
July 17, 2010
Broken Europe
Spain?s unemployment devastates residents, adds country to European nations
in crisis  Jaime Cadena at his Barcelona home
Jaime Cadena at his Barcelona home Siqui Sanchez/Getty Images for The Globe
and Mail
?I?ll need the rest of my life to get out of this,? says resident Jamie
Doug Saunders Barcelona ? If you could peer into the very centre of the converging
economic forces tearing at the fabric of Europe, you would find a small,
politely bewildered man named Jaime Cadena. This week, Spanish Prime Minister Jos? Luis Rodr?guez Zapatero became the
latest European leader to announce huge cuts to government departments and
programs in order to save his country from becoming another bankrupt victim
of the continent?s debt crisis. At the same time, Mr. Cadena discovered his
own personal place in that crisis. The 44-year-old construction worker sat at the folding table in the tiny
living room of his basement apartment on the outskirts of Barcelona and
tried to grasp the larger meaning of a letter from the bank informing him he
no longer owned the property. The apartment will be auctioned at a fraction of the price he?d paid for it
four years ago, when his fast-rising salary seemed a sure ticket to
middle-class stability for his family. If a buyer is found this week, he and
his four teenaged children will be evicted. As Spain has no
personal-bankruptcy law, he will still owe the bank almost ?200,000 ? more
than the current market value of the apartment ? even if he loses it.  Jaime Cadena at his Barcelona home
Siqui Sanchez/Getty Images for The Globe and Mail
Jaime Cadena at his Barcelona home
?It?s like a terrible weight I?m forced to carry,? Mr. Cadena says. ?I feel
like the whole country?s problems have fallen on my back.? With an unemployment rate of nearly 20 per cent, the highest in Europe, it
could be a long time before he finds more than the occasional month-long
construction job. But the spending cuts launched by Mr. Zapatero this week
will likely lead to reductions in the welfare and unemployment-insurance
programs that were Mr. Cadena?s only hope of staying aloft until jobs
materialize again. Mr. Cadena?s family are part of an estimated 1.4 million Spaniards now
facing court action over unpaid mortgages. During the late 1990s and 2000s,
a freewheeling mortgage market gave Spain the highest rate of homeownership
in Europe and possibly in the Western world, at 85 per cent. But property
values quickly collapsed across Spain ? falling more than 40 per cent in
Barcelona ? at the same time as 2.5 million jobs were wiped out, so there
are now a million Spanish families in which all the members are unemployed. In economic terms, Spain?s simultaneous property-bubble collapse and debt
crisis mean the country will face years of adjustment to a lower living
standard and a less generous government. Given the country?s comparatively
strong underlying economy, it does not face a Greek-style lender panic, but
it will likely be more than a decade before its economy returns to its
previous levels. The new Europe In human terms, it means millions of Europeans who had been given a foothold
in the middle-class world of property ownership, secure employment and
university education have now been plunged into lives of rented rooms,
paltry minimum-wage jobs and dependency on an increasingly feeble state.
Many face huge burdens of debt. Map: Financial data by country View Doug
 Saunders: Broken Europe in a larger map
While it now seems likely the euro currency will remain intact after Germany
and France acted to secure the debt of their faltering neighbours, and most
economies will recover, there is a widespread sense this year?s harsh
austerity measures will mark the end of ?the social Europe?: the continent?s
systems of social safety nets, job-security guarantees and early-retirement
protections that made middle-class life sustainable for those able to enter
it. In Spain, the government this week asked the people to share a major
national sacrifice in order to prevent a disastrous future. ?I want to tell you that this is a transcendental moment for Spain, a
crucial moment for its immediate future and for the coming decades,? Mr.
Zapatero told parliament on Wednesday. ?We need to adopt measures to reduce
the impact on our economy of the worst crisis we have known, and at the same
time we need to drive forward the most intense economic transformation of
our country in recent times.? Across Europe, governments are preparing enormous cutbacks. In Britain,
Prime Minister David Cameron this month asked ministers to draw up plans for
a 40 per cent cut in every department. Italy this week passed a budget
cutting ?25-billion over two years, and Ireland was warned by the
International Monetary Fund that its brutal slashing may not be enough to
keep debt in check. But the relatively manageable fiscal crisis in many European countries ?
Spain?s debt situation, like Britain?s, is roughly comparable to the one
faced by Canada in the early 1990s ? is disguising a far more dire human
situation that leaves millions of Europeans fearing for their future. Doug Saunders tweets from across Europe
Follow Doug Saunders as he researches and reports from some of Europe's
hardest hit nations
Contacting Twitter...
The middle-class dream Mr. Cadena?s case is typical in many respects. He is, along with one-10th of
all Spaniards today, an immigrant ? in his case from Ecuador ? who worked
hard for a dozen years, married, raised a family and was stably employed
enough to became naturalized. A house seemed a logical next step; in fact,
his neighbours told him, it was insane to continue renting. In 2006, a Barcelona bank offered him a ?free? mortgage ? with no down
payment ? that was offered, signed and closed in one day. His salary of
?1,100 a month was combined with his wife?s earnings of ?600, and the bank
asked them to claim they worked weekends (they didn?t) in order to make
their income appear high enough to qualify them. Before he had a chance to think about it, Mr. Cadena was given the keys to
the apartment and a 2-centimetre-thick package of fine-print pages he either
couldn?t or didn?t read, and was told the mortgage payments would be ?900 a
month, withdrawn from his account. He had no idea how much he?d paid for the 3-bedroom basement apartment (only
this year did he realize it was an extraordinary ?253,000) or the interest
rate (5 per cent above prime). The monthly payments, he soon learned, were calibrated to rise over time,
first to ?1,100 euros and then, in 2009, to ?1,600 ? a mortgage structure,
also popular in the United States, that only made sense under the assumption
both the borrower?s income and the house?s value would rise quickly and
constantly. They didn?t. The collapse of Spain?s property bubble coincided with the
rising mortgage rates faced by Mr. Cadena (and many others). In early 2009,
his construction company cut his shifts to six hours per day; in November
they folded completely. Success, interrupted His wife left him, apparently frustrated by his sudden loss of fortune, and
he is now a single father watching over children aged 14 to 21 who face even
worse prospects than him: Spain?s youth unemployment rate is more than 40
per cent. Two years ago, he expected to be using his home equity to pay for
post-secondary educations for them; now he is worried they might fall into
gangs and drugs in an apartment neighbourhood that is becoming a ghost town.
Mr. Cadena spends his days looking for jobs, but so far this year, he has
only had a month of steady work. Beyond that, he is dependent on the state.
At the moment, unemployment-insurance payments give him ?1,100 a month, but
will end in November, a year after they began; after that, he will rely on
welfare payments of ?420 a month. It is widely believed Mr. Zapatero will have to slash Spain?s welfare and
unemployment-insurance programs in order to meet his deficit targets,
although he has refused to speculate on the possibility. If these benefits
are cut, millions of people like Mr. Cadena will be thrust into even worse
situations. ?I talk to hundreds of people in this position, and many of them just decide
to take their own life,? says Adria Alemany, head of a housing-rights group
pushing for an end to the mortgage policies that cost Mr. Cadena his home.
?And why not? What is there to live for? Fighting back for them is the only
way to survive.? For Mr. Cadena, a surprisingly fit and cheerful man in the face of personal
doom, survival is for his children. ?I had my chance,? he says, ?and I hope
they will do better in their time. I?ll need the rest of my life to get out
of this.? About the series: The debt crisis has turned the formerly stable countries of Europe upside
down. Even as the economy begins to emerge from recession, drastic efforts
to avoid a debt and currency emergency have changed life in the Old World
forever; ending ancient working traditions, rupturing families and
communities and forcing long-dormant societies to seek new ways of getting
by. Doug Saunders looks at the human effects of a continent?s economic
disintegration, visiting people and families in six countries at the centre
of the crisis. !DSPAM:2676,4c433245177556072218491!

@_date: 2010-07-18 21:20:17
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
Your "capitalist" crew (Bush and co.) have been running the show for the
last ten years, what are you complaining about. You are getting what you are
(not) paying for... -----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Sunday, July 18, 2010 7:08 PM
Couldn't agree more with the article...we've seen it too.  Good news for
socialism.  Not very good news for humanity. On Sun, Jul 18, 2010 at 9:02 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-07-19 08:44:23
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
Hi Michel,
I haven't looked at the underlying studies here but the overall cause could
be a decline in funding for education which of course hits the poor -- those
without access to private schools or supplementary educational support the
hardest.  As the numbers of children living in poverty increase (as they
have fairly dramatically in the US under the current
neo-liberal/"capitalist" regime) and with a decline in birth rates among the
middle classes and up then this kind of decline (as with comparable declines
in Maths for example) is the "statistical" if inevitable result.
But as I said I haven't read the underling study and this isn't an area that
I have any deep knowledge in.
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Sunday, July 18, 2010 7:08 PM
Couldn't agree more with the article...we've seen it too.  Good news for
socialism.  Not very good news for humanity. On Sun, Jul 18, 2010 at 9:02 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-07-19 16:49:23
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
I think it might also be approached another (but similar) way.  Those
studies have a very strong "class" bias i.e. they select for
individuals/skills that are usually associated with higher
incomes/opportunities... As the pyramid gets narrower at the top and broader
at the base then "average/mean" scores are going to go down for all similar
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Samuel Rose
Sent: Monday, July 19, 2010 4:20 PM
On Mon, Jul 19, 2010 at 2:44 AM, Michael Gurstein This could be right. I recall I believe it was Michel that pointed out on
this list a few months back that when the "cold war" ended in the US,
government funding for culture also dried up. The government funded culture
(public access television, arts, theatre, etc in
communities) as part of the "cold war"
(looking for other that are more objective)

@_date: 2010-07-24 21:30:41
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: [IP] The Middle Class in America Is Radically 
Read this article!
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Saturday, July 24, 2010 8:47 PM
Begin forwarded message:
Hello, Dave.
I haven't seen this on IP and thought it might be of interest to the list.
It contains the best discussion I have seen recently on the economic
polarisation of America.
Add to this that even the CIA recognizes that 1 in 8 people in the US live
at or below the poverty line and only 6.24% of the country makes $100k+ per
year and the picture is bleak indeed.
Albert Archives  Modify
Your Subscription | Unsubscribe
 Now 	  	
!DSPAM:2676,4c4b3582177554211319542!

@_date: 2010-06-21 19:12:14
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
Ryan, Overall a useful if rather jingoistic summary of issues...
As an answer to your 5 questions concerning the relative desirability of
nation states below I (and I would guess most neutral i.e. non-US
respondents) would answer in the following rough order
    Canada
    New Zealand
    Australia     with the US a severely trailing 4th or lower depending on one one's
perceptins concerning the "protection" of civil liberties in the US, the
financial viability of the US and so on.
BTW, according Google Canada has the highest per capita immigration rate in
the world.  The failure of the US to manage its illegal immigration is
probably more the result of an intention to create a severely weakened
labour underclass than any oversight or any other explanation.
Mike Gurstein
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Monday, June 21, 2010 12:00 PM
Hi Michel:
A couple of points.
1. No one knows or even has a good clue about what is coming in terms of
national finances.  Markets do not predict anything now but increasing
Chinese dominance.  The markets would know best...more money is spent there
predicting than anywhere else.  2. The best predictive information is almost certainly demographic.  We have
discussed this before.  Europe and Japan are aging.  The US, China, Brazil
and India are staying the same or getting younger.  The outcomes from this
seem more obvious than other predictors.
3. Military spending is often just consumption of stocks--like oil and
steel.  These are both good and bad for economies.  School costs are
overwhelmingly wages.  Wages from a government are probably not ideal
economic outputs in almost anyone's book.  There is also a policing value to
military spending (i.e. prevention of bad things).  One may disagree with
the politics, but it is clear most countries of the world use the US
military to freeride--it has funded European growth for several decades at a
pittance cost to the Europeans--especially the Germans and low countries who
have benefited hugely with minimal costs.  In exchange for the freeride (in my opinion) the dollar stays a carrying
currency in crises.  This is a fair trade as it allows the US Government to
manipulate the world's primary currency to its own short-term advantages
mostly by printing money and inflating the world economy to minimize US
transfers of corporate and consumer debt to the government--a trick the rest
of the world recently learned.  The Euro was meant to compete and to allow
Germany to force other nations to be reliable consumers of quality goods.
It won't compete in the long run because it is inherently unstable.  Neither
will the Yuan.  Ask yourself, will you trust the Chinese to run the world
economy no matter how much one despises Americans and their way of life?
The US has held the world's hand for 50 years quite effectively for the most
part.  Any practical person knows this and will hope it continues.  For all
its flaws, no nation has been as selfless and as giving as the US.  It isn't
close.  But there has been compensation for that "selflessness" so maybe it
is as much selfish as selfless.  4. Local governments in the US and elsewhere almost exclusively focus on
education along with keeping peace (police, fire and ambulance).  The
largest employer in any small county in the US is the school system, but
that doesn't mean the economy of those places thrives.  Quite the opposite.
In fact, there is no way to correlate school spending with economic
gain--i've tried.  What you can say is that educational achievement
correlates very well with most good things.  Whether that is causal is far
from obvious.
5. It is true that those who live through gifts from the state or
philanthropists will not have an easy go in the future.  All the more reason
why P2P can and should thrive.  That said, world philanthropy remains at all
time highs and Bill Gates has just started a programme to ask all US
billionaires to give away at least half of their wealth while alive or at
death.  Apparently the response is strong.  Foundations are large and
wealthy right now...community foundations in particular.  6. Government deficits will fall and must do.  How fast this can and will
happen is anyone's guess.  I agree that 40% cuts in anything less than a
decade would be draconian.  I predict 3-5% annual cuts in spending.  Low
interest rates will continue OR inflation will explode.  It is a binary
system with no intermediate equilibrium.  If interest rates rise, inflation
will follow or vice versa depending on your views on macro economics.  7. If I were young and smart, I'd go to the US because you can have any skin
tone and any attitude and still succeed.  If I were Chinese, I'd stay in
China and if Indian, in India.  Brazil is another excellent option for those
with an odd passport because B. is growing at 9% and more open minded about
extranationals than most places.  If forced to live in a world of nation states, I'd ask the following
1. Who do you trust to a) protect liberties, b) stay solvent while still
offering safety nets c) not go into world ending war d) protect people of
varied backgrounds and views f) offer economic and social opportunities g)
stay demographically sound?
2. Who do you trust to avoid the problems of racial and nationalistic
tensions most?
3. Who will accept people for talent's sake and not for reasons of blood,
family, culture or religion?  4. Who uses a language that is common, technically useful and economically
meaningful?  5. Who offers people a chance to start over?  There are many small options that meet these criteria...Barbados for
instance.  In Europe, there are few options....probably Germany, France
Sweden, Holland, Iceland or Norway are most realistic or, possibly
Switzerland or the UK--especially for the rich.  But we all know these visas
are hard and problematic.  The best way to get them is to have an
engineering degree and to be young.
Overall, the US, Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Argentina are good
options...as are Singapore, parts of Africa and limited parts of Asia.  NZ
and Australia are also fairly open and fair...especially NZ.  No one takes
more migrants and immigrants legal and illegal than the US--by a wide
On Mon, Jun 21, 2010 at 1:22 AM, Michel Bauwens from john thackara:
I found a chart in Aviation Week
 ,
which is almost a trade magazine of the military industrial complex, that
included these numbers for per capita military spending: U.S.: $545.3 billion, that's roughly $45,500 per head of the population. U.K.: $63.2 billion, or $34,800 per head. France: $60.3 billion, or $32,100 per head. Germany: $41.8 billion, or $33,800 per head. Then I found a study
that concludes that the United States spent $1,780 per head on education in
2001 (France, The Netherlands and Canada each spent more than $1,200 per
capita). Hmmm.
Turning to culture and the arts, the best I could find is a perplexing web
database   that
appears to show that cultural expenditure per capita in Spain is euro 135,
compared to Germany which, in 2007, spent 99 euros per capita. In round numbers, then, Germany appears to spend 25,000 euros per person on
defence, versus about 100 euros per head on culture. I have to assume that
the gap in the US and UK, were the numbers to be available, would be a good
deal wider. As I said: insane numbers. I distract you (and myself) with these numbers mainly because, in the years
ahead, spending on the things that we do care about - education, culture,
sustainability - looks certain to plummet. In the UK, for example, commentators are talking gravely about public
spending cuts of 10, 15, or 20 percent. Insiders tell me that cuts will be
40 percent or more, in real terms, over the coming few years.
Large cultural and educational institutions will suck in what little public
funding is available. Government funding for small, grassroots activities
will dry up almost completely.

@_date: 2010-06-21 23:45:34
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
These things are complex but for most non-billionaires in the OECD countries
things have been going downhill fairly steadily since the end of the Cold
War i.e. since Reagan and Thatcher kicked the struts out of the social
contract because they didn't have to look over their shoulder at the
possibility of folks choosing an alternative path.
In the real world, the choices aren't my (i.e. the US) way or the highway.
An alternative such as a multi-polar world where various paths can be
explored and loyalties bargained for seems to me to be preferable to the
univocal rule of the great god Goldman Sachs and co.  To my mind the problem
isn't too little unity of command but rather too much -- let a 1000 flowers
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Monday, June 21, 2010 12:00 PM
Hi Michel:
A couple of points.
1. No one knows or even has a good clue about what is coming in terms of
national finances.  Markets do not predict anything now but increasing
Chinese dominance.  The markets would know best...more money is spent there
predicting than anywhere else.  2. The best predictive information is almost certainly demographic.  We have
discussed this before.  Europe and Japan are aging.  The US, China, Brazil
and India are staying the same or getting younger.  The outcomes from this
seem more obvious than other predictors.
3. Military spending is often just consumption of stocks--like oil and
steel.  These are both good and bad for economies.  School costs are
overwhelmingly wages.  Wages from a government are probably not ideal
economic outputs in almost anyone's book.  There is also a policing value to
military spending (i.e. prevention of bad things).  One may disagree with
the politics, but it is clear most countries of the world use the US
military to freeride--it has funded European growth for several decades at a
pittance cost to the Europeans--especially the Germans and low countries who
have benefited hugely with minimal costs.  In exchange for the freeride (in my opinion) the dollar stays a carrying
currency in crises.  This is a fair trade as it allows the US Government to
manipulate the world's primary currency to its own short-term advantages
mostly by printing money and inflating the world economy to minimize US
transfers of corporate and consumer debt to the government--a trick the rest
of the world recently learned.  The Euro was meant to compete and to allow
Germany to force other nations to be reliable consumers of quality goods.
It won't compete in the long run because it is inherently unstable.  Neither
will the Yuan.  Ask yourself, will you trust the Chinese to run the world
economy no matter how much one despises Americans and their way of life?
The US has held the world's hand for 50 years quite effectively for the most
part.  Any practical person knows this and will hope it continues.  For all
its flaws, no nation has been as selfless and as giving as the US.  It isn't
close.  But there has been compensation for that "selflessness" so maybe it
is as much selfish as selfless.  4. Local governments in the US and elsewhere almost exclusively focus on
education along with keeping peace (police, fire and ambulance).  The
largest employer in any small county in the US is the school system, but
that doesn't mean the economy of those places thrives.  Quite the opposite.
In fact, there is no way to correlate school spending with economic
gain--i've tried.  What you can say is that educational achievement
correlates very well with most good things.  Whether that is causal is far
from obvious.
5. It is true that those who live through gifts from the state or
philanthropists will not have an easy go in the future.  All the more reason
why P2P can and should thrive.  That said, world philanthropy remains at all
time highs and Bill Gates has just started a programme to ask all US
billionaires to give away at least half of their wealth while alive or at
death.  Apparently the response is strong.  Foundations are large and
wealthy right now...community foundations in particular.  6. Government deficits will fall and must do.  How fast this can and will
happen is anyone's guess.  I agree that 40% cuts in anything less than a
decade would be draconian.  I predict 3-5% annual cuts in spending.  Low
interest rates will continue OR inflation will explode.  It is a binary
system with no intermediate equilibrium.  If interest rates rise, inflation
will follow or vice versa depending on your views on macro economics.  7. If I were young and smart, I'd go to the US because you can have any skin
tone and any attitude and still succeed.  If I were Chinese, I'd stay in
China and if Indian, in India.  Brazil is another excellent option for those
with an odd passport because B. is growing at 9% and more open minded about
extranationals than most places.  If forced to live in a world of nation states, I'd ask the following
1. Who do you trust to a) protect liberties, b) stay solvent while still
offering safety nets c) not go into world ending war d) protect people of
varied backgrounds and views f) offer economic and social opportunities g)
stay demographically sound?
2. Who do you trust to avoid the problems of racial and nationalistic
tensions most?
3. Who will accept people for talent's sake and not for reasons of blood,
family, culture or religion?  4. Who uses a language that is common, technically useful and economically
meaningful?  5. Who offers people a chance to start over?  There are many small options that meet these criteria...Barbados for
instance.  In Europe, there are few options....probably Germany, France
Sweden, Holland, Iceland or Norway are most realistic or, possibly
Switzerland or the UK--especially for the rich.  But we all know these visas
are hard and problematic.  The best way to get them is to have an
engineering degree and to be young.
Overall, the US, Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Argentina are good
options...as are Singapore, parts of Africa and limited parts of Asia.  NZ
and Australia are also fairly open and fair...especially NZ.  No one takes
more migrants and immigrants legal and illegal than the US--by a wide
On Mon, Jun 21, 2010 at 1:22 AM, Michel Bauwens from john thackara:
I found a chart in Aviation Week
 ,
which is almost a trade magazine of the military industrial complex, that
included these numbers for per capita military spending: U.S.: $545.3 billion, that's roughly $45,500 per head of the population. U.K.: $63.2 billion, or $34,800 per head. France: $60.3 billion, or $32,100 per head. Germany: $41.8 billion, or $33,800 per head. Then I found a study
that concludes that the United States spent $1,780 per head on education in
2001 (France, The Netherlands and Canada each spent more than $1,200 per
capita). Hmmm.
Turning to culture and the arts, the best I could find is a perplexing web
database   that
appears to show that cultural expenditure per capita in Spain is euro 135,
compared to Germany which, in 2007, spent 99 euros per capita. In round numbers, then, Germany appears to spend 25,000 euros per person on
defence, versus about 100 euros per head on culture. I have to assume that
the gap in the US and UK, were the numbers to be available, would be a good
deal wider. As I said: insane numbers. I distract you (and myself) with these numbers mainly because, in the years
ahead, spending on the things that we do care about - education, culture,
sustainability - looks certain to plummet. In the UK, for example, commentators are talking gravely about public
spending cuts of 10, 15, or 20 percent. Insiders tell me that cuts will be
40 percent or more, in real terms, over the coming few years.
Large cultural and educational institutions will suck in what little public
funding is available. Government funding for small, grassroots activities
will dry up almost completely.

@_date: 2010-06-22 20:06:36
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Postcards from Hell: What Failed States Look 
This article is sophmoric silliness... A failed state is a state that has
failed... not one where we nice people in middle suburbs don't happen to
like their politics or how they treat their garbage... It is a state that
doesn't do the minimum that a state must do which is to provide an orderly
framework for the conduct of internal affairs and for its relations with its
external environment.
I've been in to several of the places indicated in this list in the last
couple of years (Ethiopia, Kenya, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh) and while they have
problems, often severe and even seemingly insurmountable economic, social
and political problems they are not "failed states".
Certainly places like Somalia and the Ivory Coast and a number of the others
would likely qualify but under no circumstances would the five that I've
visited directly nor many of the others that I know secondarily fall under
that definition.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Tuesday, June 22, 2010 3:45 PM

@_date: 2010-06-23 18:18:51
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] James Howard Kunstler 
Your statement below concerning "that things don't organize when they are
bad" and the examples--"most of Africa", "Burma" is I think of a piece with
the "failed states" presentation... A bit of nuance and contextual
understanding might be useful... The "natural" evolution of most of Africa and South Asia was interrupted by
the imposition of imperial structures including in the economy, education
system, public administration... When those structures were abruptly removed
at the end of the colonial era -- whether forcibly or not -- there was a gap
and a quite severe disjuncture between the base culture which continued to
exist under the colonial regimes and what was required to function
effectively in the modern era--no operating educational system,
administrative system, economic system that was effectively adapted to the
reality of the base culture/economy/governance structures that had survived.
The absence of the colonial power to maintain the now empty facades of the
colonial system meant that these inevitably imploded leaving nothing much
workable in their stead.
The capacity to develop something to replace this given an overall absence
of trained local resources (another legacy of the colonial period) was
equally absent and in many places is still absent (and this holds true for
internal "colonies" like Appalachia -- colonized by capital from Pittsburgh,
Philadelphia and the East Coast; the midlands and the North -- colonized by
London and the South and so on.
Where on-going processes of adaptation and internal evolution were not
truncated by colonial superimposition--Thailand (compared to Burma), Morocco
(compared to Algeria), Jordan (compared to most of the rest of the Middle
East) the adaptation process while not smooth has at least not been
disastrous.  Other places such as India and South Africa have been able to
at least partially bridge the gap.  Other places such as the DRC, and much
of sub-saharan Africa, PNG etc. have not.
How that helps us to predict what might happen in a period of extreme energy
scarcity etc. I'm not really sure but I'm not familiar with any country that
has gone through a severe period of self-imposed de-industrialization except
Russia where folks like you I'm sure would argue that the removal of the
Soviet power structure was sufficient to create the gap that I am
-----Original Message-----  [mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Wednesday, June 23, 2010 2:40 PM
On Wed, Jun 23, 2010 at 12:06 PM, Kevin Carson
Kunstler's good on the kinds of stresses the energy and transportation
system will be subjected to, but IMO he seriously underestimates the
resilience of society.  I think we'll be amazed at how rapidly people
in the U.S. pick the low-hanging fruit of economic relocalization and
energy conservation, in the face of $12 gasoline.
Ditto for Dave Pollard, who thinks server networks will eventually go
the way of the Roman aqueducts in the face of extended rolling
brownouts and blackouts.  That strikes me as ludicrous.  This resliance theory was very hot in the graduate schools in the early
2000s.  I find it interesting but I doubt strongly it is right.  Things
actually do fall apart to borrow from Achebe.  The evidence for that seems to be that things don't organize when they are
bad--as in most of Africa, or Burma, etc.--some of which I too have seen
firsthand.  In short, with all the freeware in the world, undereducated folk
don't spontaneously start functioning bureacracies which are notorious
difficult to achieve--witness the Middle Ages.  Further, when those things cash out and collapse (as they are in a number of
the Failed State Index states with rankings worse than 100), or as in parts
of Appalachia I have seen like War, WV, they don't come back either.  Smart
people move on and functionality ceases.  The Mad Max movies have this sort
of right when the captive engineering type is made to run the town until he
inevitably rebels.  Most will just walk out as they do in ghettos or in
industrial towns in the Midlands of England which increasingly look like
bombed out zones in Sheffield and similar.  I know many smart people from
those places.  Most would like to be there because it is "home" but few, I
think, will ever wander back to Detroit or Smolensk or Newcastle.  What is
left is the group that doesn't perform because they have little
understanding or access to what performance is or how it can be done in ways
that aren't magical.  The smart migrate.  You can tell there will be few simple solutions for the masses because those
who focus on stuff for the free (as in air) market rarely emphasize
useability and ease of access.  Instead, they attempt to corner the
technology expertise.  Everytime one of these currency tools, etc. that come
through this list pops up I generally have a look.  Almost always, the tools
are complex, require Linux expertise and advanced tinkering, and have poor
user interfaces with little focus on ease of set-up or portability.

@_date: 2010-06-23 23:57:53
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] James Howard Kunstler 
Hi Michel, thanks!
I think this one if/when it happens might be rather more abrupt... in the
recent economic turmoil there was a lot of discussion of ow ICTs have (in
the interests of efficiency and rapidity) removed a lot of the shock
absorbers in the financial system.  The recent short lived catastrophic
plunge in the market is a likely outcome of that... The acceleration in the
"collapse" would be both directly impacted by this and as well there are a
lot of other "shock absorber" like features that have equally been removed
from our communications, political, and cultural systems -- notice how
little time it took from conception to realization for the removal of the
Aussie PM and Gen. McChrystal today and Helen Thomas the other day.
We live with and through highly complex, highly intertwined, and quite
brittle production and distribution systems.  It would I think, take very
little to unbalance the house of cards and quite a long time to reconnect
things and people at a much lower level of "sustainable" complexity
especially in urban environments. P2P would be a very important (essential)
part of that but my guess is that it is unlikely in advance of a collapse to
ever reach the necessary level of dispersal and assimilation into our
current systems of production and distribution to allow for anything like a
smooth transition.
  [mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Wednesday, June 23, 2010 2:40 PM
On Wed, Jun 23, 2010 at 12:06 PM, Kevin Carson
Kunstler's good on the kinds of stresses the energy and transportation
system will be subjected to, but IMO he seriously underestimates the
resilience of society.  I think we'll be amazed at how rapidly people
in the U.S. pick the low-hanging fruit of economic relocalization and
energy conservation, in the face of $12 gasoline.
Ditto for Dave Pollard, who thinks server networks will eventually go
the way of the Roman aqueducts in the face of extended rolling
brownouts and blackouts.  That strikes me as ludicrous.  This resliance theory was very hot in the graduate schools in the early
2000s.  I find it interesting but I doubt strongly it is right.  Things
actually do fall apart to borrow from Achebe.  The evidence for that seems to be that things don't organize when they are
bad--as in most of Africa, or Burma, etc.--some of which I too have seen
firsthand.  In short, with all the freeware in the world, undereducated folk
don't spontaneously start functioning bureacracies which are notorious
difficult to achieve--witness the Middle Ages.  Further, when those things cash out and collapse (as they are in a number of
the Failed State Index states with rankings worse than 100), or as in parts
of Appalachia I have seen like War, WV, they don't come back either.  Smart
people move on and functionality ceases.  The Mad Max movies have this sort
of right when the captive engineering type is made to run the town until he
inevitably rebels.  Most will just walk out as they do in ghettos or in
industrial towns in the Midlands of England which increasingly look like
bombed out zones in Sheffield and similar.  I know many smart people from
those places.  Most would like to be there because it is "home" but few, I
think, will ever wander back to Detroit or Smolensk or Newcastle.  What is
left is the group that doesn't perform because they have little
understanding or access to what performance is or how it can be done in ways
that aren't magical.  The smart migrate.  You can tell there will be few simple solutions for the masses because those
who focus on stuff for the free (as in air) market rarely emphasize
useability and ease of access.  Instead, they attempt to corner the
technology expertise.  Everytime one of these currency tools, etc. that come
through this list pops up I generally have a look.  Almost always, the tools
are complex, require Linux expertise and advanced tinkering, and have poor
user interfaces with little focus on ease of set-up or portability.  p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-06-26 16:33:44
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
You go from very smart, informed and insightful analysis to bombastic,
ill-informed, Palinesque ideological posturing sometimes even in the same
post or even in the same paragraph.
"The Left" is a bogeyman created by Father Coughlin, McCarthy, Palin and co.
to keep their voters in line and their coffers filled.  Adopting that kind
of "freedom fries" position doesn't get one anywhere except maybe a seat at
the Cato trough.
Your earlier message where you discussed the limitations of the Welfare
State seemed to me to open up some very interesting lines of discussion
concerning post Left/Right polarizations in some substantive areas where
there have been few useful developments for a number of years and then you
drift off again into some, what to my mind are, ill-conceived
generalizations and (mis)characterizations.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Saturday, June 26, 2010 12:37 PM
Here is my concept of the left:
1. There is a dominant evil force called capitalism that must be struggled
2. The way to win that struggle is to unite into a solid base that can block
the standard mechanics of capitalism and allow
for "fair" and "equitable" systems to replace those that are unfair and
3. This struggle exists long as exploitation exists.  4. Exploitation exists whenever someone gets a sustained advantage over
someone else in a localized plain.   5. Ending sustained advantage arises when some sufficiently broad and flat
means of governance comes about whereby any imbalances are soon put right.
The broader and flatter this means of governance, the better.
The left has long thought that capitalism's end would come from
concentration...not diffusion.  Capitalism didn't die of dictatorship
combined with exploitation...it died of poor prospects for giving people
more that they want in a sufficiently broad way for it to be an inclusive
system.  The possible outcomes are slaughtering the peripheries--which is
still a possibility--or succumbing slowly to unemployment and deflation
through the decline and fall of credit--what seems to be the mode of death
most likely at the moment and one the labor movement, which always thought
it would be of value, never anticipated at all.
That is what I meant.
On Sat, Jun 26, 2010 at 11:19 AM, j.martin.pedersen
Your conception of "the left" is incredible narrow.
There is a rule of thumb in philosophy: if you want to present a
convicing argument, then construct your enemy, opponent or even straw
men, as strongly as possible.
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-06-29 11:43:21
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW:  What Austerity Brings... 
A la Harper and his G and B (S) cronies...
"Confidence building" is about giving the financial wolves assurance that
they will always have lunch (you or your kids or their kids...
Here's a story about Ireland...no surprise to a Keynesian...

@_date: 2010-06-29 13:28:39
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: What Austerity Brings... 
The Canadian dollar is a petro-currency with commodity overtones... It
dropped 1 1/2 cents today on predictions of a falling demand for oil and a
mis-report of much lower Chinese growth...
Most of the personal debt is in mortgages and yes Canadian real estate is a
bit of a bubble... How that will all unwind isn't clear since the debt to
equity ratios have been reasonably good at current prices... If prices crash
I guess that all bets are off.
We do have the highest immigration rates in the world at the moment... As long as commodity prices stay high Canada will be okay (and give Harper
the opportunity to scold the rest of the world... Again if there is a global
recession/whatever and commodity prices crash Canada could be in trouble but
the debt in Canada is mostly denominated, I think, in Canadian dollars (its
mortgage debt afterall so things should be right...
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Ryan Lanham
Sent: Tuesday, June 29, 2010 12:08 PM
Merkel is the leader here now.  Germany will be fine.  The rest of Europe is
going to be a basket case.  Canada has the highest personal debt levels in the world.  Their housing
market seems to be in a severe bubble.  Hard to say how it comes out.  They
could import lots more people (wealthy educated ones...) and probably stave
off problems.  Trouble is, that changes the culture as Europe (and even the
US well know.)  Rotterdam has more South Asians than Dutch these
days...literally.   Personally, I like free movement and low barriers to
citizenship, but Canada is really pressed to decide on that one...they can't
simply devalue their currency and sell goods to the US to keep going as they
have in the past.  The world now wants a strong Canadian dollar...and that's
going to change Canada.
On Tue, Jun 29, 2010 at 10:43 AM, Michael Gurstein A la Harper and his G and B (S) cronies...
"Confidence building" is about giving the financial wolves assurance that
they will always have lunch (you or your kids or their kids...
Here's a story about Ireland...no surprise to a Keynesian...
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-11-26 16:07:15
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] publishing wikipedia articles for money, 
On a perhaps related note... I've been away from Facebook for almost two
months (behind the Great Firewall) and coming back I've noticed that FB
appears somehow automagically to have reaped a huge swath of entries from
Wikipedia and established these as individual pages (within their walled
garden) available for the various activities internal to FB--"liking",
"friending", "commenting" etc.etc.
I noticed this because, as part of my re-entry I did some searching
internally on FB (on "community informatics") and discovered that not only
was there a FB CI "group" which was set up some time ago by colleagues
 but there was also now a
CI "page"
ics/111193338905174 which seemed to have no evident "owner" and was
explicitly taking text from the Wikipedia CI entry
 . Tootling around on other Wiki subject areas I found a number of similar such
Wiki authored "pages".
Since by design the flow of content from the net (Wikipedia) to FB is only
one way and thus any content generated for example, commenting on or
enhancing the Wiki derived FB page is within the FB "garden" this seems to
me to be a very insidious form of capture of the commons for the private
interest of FB.
I haven;t seen this commented on here or elsewhere although I might have
missed it over the last couple of months or maybe I've missed a nuance
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of M. Fioretti
Sent: Friday, November 26, 2010 4:02 PM
On Sat, Nov 27, 2010 06:38:35 AM +0700, Michel Bauwens
This is not news, there was a practically identical story months ago, if not
in 2009 (and obviously I can't find the link now :-( )
agree 100%. This is exactly the reason why it is good, as I explained in a
couple of threads here already, to have copyright. IF/WHEN an author doesn't
want to allow this exploiting (and I have nothing at all against those who
do it, I publish things with the same license
myself) because it would damage its ability to produce that or other works,
copyright gives a basis to stop these people.
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-09-02 18:55:49
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: Blogpost: Open Data: Empowering the Empowered or 
I thought you folks might have an interest...
Efforts to extend access to "data" will perhaps inevitably create a "data
divide" parallel to the oft-discussed "digital divide" between those who
have access to data which could have significance in their daily lives and
those who don't. Associated with this will one can assume, be many of the
same background conditions which have been identified as likely reasons for
the digital divide-that is differences in income, education, literacy and so
on.  However, just as with the "digital divide", these divisions don't
simply stop or be resolved with the provision of digital (or data) "access".
What is necessary as well, is that those for whom access is being provided
are in a position to actually make use of the now available access (to the
Internet or to data) in ways that are meaningful and beneficial for them.

@_date: 2010-09-03 06:46:37
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: Blogpost: Open Data: Empowering the 
Thanks Martin,
I'm not sure that I understand the point you are making...
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of j.martin.pedersen
Sent: Friday, September 03, 2010 5:53 AM
This is a good argument. And you can add environmental justice and
solidarity with labour to it, which means that you need to address the very
mode of production, energy and other resource that the production of IT
involves. Generally Free Culture and Free Software advocates are blind to
these aspects.
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-09-04 07:19:59
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: Blogpost: Open Data: Empowering 
Thanks Martin, it does make it clearer but I'm not sure based on the below
what conclusion you might draw.
Are you suggesting that restricting access to ICT based data/knowledge is a
good thing because it mitigates the upstream impacts on low income producers
(a rather perverse conclusion I would have thought); or because of a
potentially reduced downstream impact on energy consumption and thus on the
environment (also, but a somewhat less perverse conclusion since the overall
impact of additional ICT use on energy use and thus on the the environment
is probably less than the likely savings in other forms of energy
consumption as a result of the use of the information/data acquired using
the ICTs--less physical travel required, healthier living, additional access
to information concerning alternative energies etc.etc.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of j.martin.pedersen
Sent: Friday, September 03, 2010 8:41 AM
Let me try again - even if a bit quick:
In order to enjoy Open Access one requires access to the means of access,
i.e. technology. Without access to computers and the Internet, Open Access
gives you nothing. Therefore Open Access - if it is empowering - divides
So, let as assume that if you DO have access to computers and the Internet,
Open Access is good for you. In other words, more computers and more
broadband need to be provided if the Open Access argument should be a good
one (without creating a new divide, as you argue).
Then, if we consider that the IT industry is now heavier on the environment
than aviation, thus contributing significantly to climate change,
degradation of water tables, melting of glaciers etc. etc., it becomes
obvious that the proposition above (more computers needed) is impossible
within the current mode of production without an increase in the suffering
caused by that production - that is an environmental justice issue.
Moreover, the people who work within that industry (migrant workers,
low-paid, the children who disassemble the hardware when it is thrown away
in the end etc. etc.) are suffering from all kinds of problems (skin
diseases, cancer etc. etc.), meaning that increasing the production of
hardware - in order to make the Open Access argument work
- will increase the suffering of those who will have to labour for it. That
is the labour solidarity issue.
Does that make it slightly clearer?
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-09-12 08:27:08
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: Followup Blogpost: Open Data (2): Effective Data 
This is a more subtantive follow-up to the earlier blogpost on Open Data
giving some specifics on what I mean by an "effective data use" approach.
Comments are appreciated (it's now becoming a rough draft for a journal
article ;-)

@_date: 2010-09-12 09:48:35
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] interesting comment on openness in open 
I'm not sure how far I want to push this argument at this time (I haven't
completely thought it through)... But I'm not completely sure that there is
not a close association between "openness" and the neo-liberal agenda of
promoting individual opportunity and individual initiative at the expense of
collective effort and collective responsibility.  Where I'm coming from on
this is embedded in the blogposts I pointed to in my earlier emails to this
list but what open movement folks tend to ignore (and they seemed quite
startled about it when I pointed it out), is that not everyone starts from
the same place and thus the opportunities presented by "openness" of various
kinds have quite different significance and likelihood of beneficial uptake
depending on where you start from--blogpost 1
The traditional role of social contract anchored state structures has been
to provide at least some of the necessary elements (blogpost 2) as a
platform to ensure some degree of equalized opportunity.  The erosion of
this as a result of the onslaughts of neo-liberalism means that the "open"
movement is opening things up--data, culture, government etc.etc. for those
who are individual access to the elements necessary for making "effective
use" of these--a good education, access to technical resources, access to
capital etc.etc.  For those who don't start off with this type of socially
offered "silver spoon" -- tough luck in an "open world".
Michael Maranda also commented on his link.
" ... for the moment, we're just allowing it to reverberate in the
blogosphere.  But are soon going to have to have some kind of space.  Ning
is  a bit antithetical to this.  One option under consideration is
 I am headed to ChicagoCOUNTs at IIT -- I will have to address your
comments later.  But you have approached this from a very different point
than this was initially intended, at least in my expression.  Open Culture
as I used the term is an encompassing range of all the items in the list ...
"open access, architecture, currencies, data, government, hardware,
identity, knowledge, media, platforms, protocols, source code, spectrum, and
standards" .. assuming a non-exhaustive list.
Openness in these contexts, is normative.   In many cases compelling
openness would be problematic and one may say detrimental to the freedom
implied in the concept.  That is, if I do something (alone or with others)
and I am not ready to share it, the openness doctrine should not compel me
to share it.   Of course in certain roles and for certain purposes we may
vey well wish too dictate such transparency.
There is much more to say, but even in interpreting this from the sense of
Culture in the broadest human sense, and your hesitation at openness there,
I will say that as Culture is a process the natural mode is openness.
Culture and Ethnicity are dynamic processes and ideas and cultural practices
cannot help but influence each other.
Will reply more to other points at a later time.
But one last point --Open Source itself is Utopian.  It's a direction we as
a culture are headed.  That doesn't mean we'll reach Utopia, but I do have a
sense that as a species we could all live together with considerably more
dignity and yet still not reach Utopia.  Better to shoot for the Moon than
to shoot at our foot."
Reply to this email to comment on this link.
To see the comment thread, follow the link below:
The Facebook Team
Find people from your Gmail address book on Facebook! Go to:
This message was intended for michelsub2004 at gmail.com. If you do not wish to
receive this type of email from Facebook in the future, please follow the
link below to unsubscribe.
 &u=528245547=2f6c252G1f7c632bGc8bc28eG13
Facebook, Inc. P.O. Box 10005, Palo Alto, CA 94303

@_date: 2010-09-12 12:38:39
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] interesting comment on openness in open 
I agree completely with your statements below. My point however was to show
that the "open" movement is part of historical processes--what is liberating
under one set of conditions (where there are for example strong measures to
ensure a strong educational experience for all) is quite different where
such measures are not in place and for example the capacity to take
advantage of the opportunities presented by open information are only
effectively acccessible by a relatively small (and not necessarily publicly
interested) minority.
As was clear from the reaction to the original post many/most of those
advocating "openness", see it in the (libertarian) context of removing
government restrictions on individual action/influence rather than for
example in the context of enabling/empowering communities to improve their
collective position through advocay and the use of information.
I think it is really important to continuously link the two positions that
is (the preconditions/elements of support for) equity and openness otherwise
the first issue "equity", tends to get lost in the claxons of triumph
concerning the second "openness:.
[mailto:p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] On Behalf Of Michel Bauwens
Sent: Sunday, September 12, 2010 9:11 AM
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Michael Maranda also commented on his link.
" ... for the moment, we're just allowing it to reverberate in the
blogosphere.  But are soon going to have to have some kind of space.  Ning
is  a bit antithetical to this.  One option under consideration is
 I am headed to ChicagoCOUNTs at IIT -- I will have to address your
comments later.  But you have approached this from a very different point
than this was initially intended, at least in my expression.  Open Culture
as I used the term is an encompassing range of all the items in the list ...
"open access, architecture, currencies, data, government, hardware,
identity, knowledge, media, platforms, protocols, source code, spectrum, and
standards" .. assuming a non-exhaustive list.
Openness in these contexts, is normative.   In many cases compelling
openness would be problematic and one may say detrimental to the freedom
implied in the concept.  That is, if I do something (alone or with others)
and I am not ready to share it, the openness doctrine should not compel me
to share it.   Of course in certain roles and for certain purposes we may
vey well wish too dictate such transparency.
There is much more to say, but even in interpreting this from the sense of
Culture in the broadest human sense, and your hesitation at openness there,
I will say that as Culture is a process the natural mode is openness.
Culture and Ethnicity are dynamic processes and ideas and cultural practices
cannot help but influence each other.
Will reply more to other points at a later time.
But one last point --Open Source itself is Utopian.  It's a direction we as
a culture are headed.  That doesn't mean we'll reach Utopia, but I do have a
sense that as a species we could all live together with considerably more
dignity and yet still not reach Utopia.  Better to shoot for the Moon than
to shoot at our foot."
Reply to this email to comment on this link.
To see the comment thread, follow the link below:
The Facebook Team
Find people from your Gmail address book on Facebook! Go to:
This message was intended for michelsub2004 at gmail.com. If you do not wish to
receive this type of email from Facebook in the future, please follow the
link below to unsubscribe.
 &u=528245547=2f6c252G1f7c632bGc8bc28eG13
Facebook, Inc. P.O. Box 10005, Palo Alto, CA 94303

@_date: 2011-01-02 09:17:20
@_author: Michael Gurstein 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blogpost: Wikileaks, 
I've done a bit of a think piece on the significance of WikiLeaks for open
government and community informatics (a rather closer connection than might
first be expected!) -- in part riffing on an interesting interview with
Birgitta Jonsdottir formerly a WikiLeaks insider.
Comments are appreciated.
Best for the season,
Michael Gurstein, Ph.D.
Director: Centre for Community Informatics Research, Development and
Training Vancouver, CANADA CA tel. +1-604-602-0624
