
@_date: 2010-06-18 20:23:58
@_author: Network for Open Scientific Innovation 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Network for Open Scientific Innovation invites you 
What could be more important that optimizing the functioning of our science + technology paradigm for a 21st century Open Knowledge Economy? After
many months of preparation, we are six weeks away from
the first Open Science Summit, held
this year at the Berkeley International House (I-house) in Berkeley,
California on July 29-31. Are you signed up already,? GREAT!? If not,
 register now?  If you can't join us this, year, you can still help make this first conference a success, see below.
Fora TV will stream the Summit at More than 40
speakers from across the country and around the world will discuss the most urgent policy questions surrounding: gene patents, open access data/journals, the future of peer review and scientific reputation,
novel funding platforms for scientific research grants and technology development, patient activism/cure entrepreneurship, citizen
science, the rise of DIY biology and its attendant regulatory and security concerns, and much more. ?Tickets are currently offered
 at three different levels on our registration website.
Standard tickets are $100 and allow you access to all aspects of
the conference.? Conferences shouldn't be exclusive, especially when the
 future of science is at stake!? If you are a student, or otherwise unable to afford even this price, we've set aside a block of tickets but
 you must RSVP to us to verify your situation and get a 50% discount.?  For $300, in addition to a standard ticket, you will
become a Citizen Science Community Lab Supporter and help with the
formation of Biocurious,
the first Bay Area community lab space for citizen science.? We have a limited number of these opportunities.? Be a part of history be listed as a founding supporter of the facility.? 19 spaces remain.
Finally, for $450, you will receive
recognition at the conference as an Open Science Champion Sponsor and
your contribution will go toward funding for catering as well as travel
costs for international participants. 8 opportunities remain.Our
 stated goals are to: ?Create an annual flagship event and news
hub to build and maintain the identity of the international Open
Science Movement and to organize the various sub-communities into an
effective, global, socio-technological force for rapid change in
science/innovation policy? and you will be a part of making this a
reality as an attendee of our inaugural conference and participant in
the larger movement.Conference registration here:  list of speakers: Hotel information and directions: Register at the hotel Durant and Bancroft by June 29 for the discounted room rates!? Help us spread the word: Download a banner or flyer.
Post to your blog, Facebook, tweet about us, and Fwd to any mailing lists you are on.? We hope to see you for what should be an amazing event!All the best,Joseph Jackson and the OSS Staff
---------------- More information and online registration are available here:
