
@_date: 2008-02-12 11:17:50
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Johan_S=F6derberg?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open letter to Routledge 
Hi Michel, and everyone else.
I'm glad to hear that you liked the book (so far). I dont know if my signature on the letter would be for better or worse, since it might then seem as if I had orchestrated the whole thing. Also, as you rightly pointed out, Im sort of complicit in keeping the text locked up  in the publisher's tresure-trove... However, it was not the prospect of furthering my academic career that led me to the decision to send the manuscript to Routledge. At the time I was not part of academia at all but an unemployed artist (which is also what it says in the author's presentation of me) mostly supported by the swedish welfare system, or what remains of it. My ambition was to write Hacking Capitalism in a year and then move on to a childrens' book (still in the drawer, since it took me five years instead of one). Anyway, and this connects to the more general discussion under this topic, I made the decision to sign over the manuscript because I guessed that since I lack credibility/brand name of my own, I needed to pass an academic gatekeeper, or otherwise no-one would care to read the text. To the extent that someone would have read the book, it would circulate among the Internet-savvy people that already are thinking along the same lines. In order to reach the people that I most wanted to have exposed to the argument in the book, i.e. leftist/marxist-academics, I didnt see any other way.

@_date: 2010-07-05 13:50:51
@_author: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Johan_S=F6derberg?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] update 
Hi there,
Well, quite a bit, at least as long as I dont compare myself with you...  Since febuary, I am back in Sweden from a six months stay in your country of origin (in Namur, to be precise) and I have left a defunct relation behind me there, which has set my time free for work, work, work :-)
First and foremost, I am currently writing on my PhD thesis, which needs to be handed in at the begining of the next year. It will consist of four articles out of which three are already finished. I just had one article ("Misuser inventions and the invention of the misuser -- hackers, crackers, filesharers) published in Science as Culture. Two more articles based on my case study of the Ronja project in the Czech republic are accepted for publication in Social Epistemology and Science, Technology and Human Values and will be in print later this year (the first one defends critical theory against constructivists STS theory, the second one attacks Innovation Studies ? la von Hippel). The forth article is more or less written and ready to be submitted. The text looks at how hackers make use of the technological determinist assumtptions in the information society myth in order to present their politics as apolitical, mere technical problem-solving. I point out the historical connection from information society myth to Engel's version of historical materialism and thus I argue the continuity from the technological determinsim of "vulgar Raymondism" etc. to the early worker's movement and its faith in the telos of history. It all ends in an argument that a belief in determinism does not foreclose collective action.
On the side, I have one article in the pipeline for a special number of Ephemera which seek to crossbreed construrctivist theory and autonomist/open Marxism. Last year I had one contribution published in the FSCon book Free Beer which you might already have seen,   It continues the ambition of tracing historical links between hackers and the workers movement which I and George begun with our contribution to Capital & Class. And I have contributed to a Swedish anthology on the situation after the pirate bay.
As for the future, I am currently travelling around to interview the core group behind the Rep-rap project (I have met about 10 of them by now), for a future piece which I have not yet decided. And I am sniffing at the possibility of getting people together for an EU application for money to study the movement around Hacklabs and its roots in the squatting movment in Europe, but that is still in a very scetchy phase. Finally, I will come to the Link?ping conference Paying Attention, so we will have a chance to meet then and we can update each other. I dont know what your plans are, Link?ping is quite far from G?teborg, but if you are coming to Sweden through the west coast (as opposed Stockholm/Arlanda), you would be a most honorable guest.
En mon temp libre, j'essaye d'apprendre francais.

@_date: 2010-07-05 13:55:36
@_author: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Johan_S=F6derberg?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] update - excuses 
Ops, upon receiving the mail I just had sent to Michel Bauwens, I realised that I had comitted the newbie-error of just pressing reply to one of Michel's mail and thus adressing the whole list. I did not mean to spam you all with what must seem like shameless self-promotion. Sorry, sorry.

@_date: 2010-06-29 07:09:05
@_author: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Johan_S=F6derberg?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Asking for help 
Hi Michel,
I am afraid not, I will basically be in the same position myself in a couple of months... In fact, this was the second call for help I got this week! I had another one from an aquintance of mine in Greece who was very eager to get out of the country. I must be looking like a real power-breaker :-)
Fr?n: p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org [p2presearch-bounces at listcultures.org] f?r Michel Bauwens [michelsub2004 at gmail.com]
Skickat: den 29 juni 2010 06:12
Till: Peer-To-Peer Research List
Kopia: Joon Sang Baek; andrea.mendoza at polimi.it
?mne: [p2p-research] Fwd: Asking for help
Hi Joon,
can't help much I think, but I'm forwarding,
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Dear all,
How are you doing? I hope you are doing great.
I'm heading towards the end of my PhD (it officially ends in the middle of next year) and I'm at the point make a decision on where to take the next step as you all once did. I'm looking for a place in a university or a company (preferably as a researcher but not only) where I can continue to work on topics related to service design, sustainability, social innovation and ICTs and I would like to ask for your help. If you know of any opportunity or encounter in the future that you think might be relevant to me or tips to find them, I would more than happy be informed of it.
Thank you.
Baek Joonsang
PhD candidate of Politecnico di Milano
e-mail: joonsbaek{at}gmail{dot}com
Phone: +39 02 2399 5967
Fax: +39 02 2399 7280
Address: Via Durando 38 A, DIS-INDACO 2 Piano, 20158 Milan, Italy
Website: P2P Foundation:   - Connect:  Discuss: Updates:    Think tank:
