
@_date: 2010-04-16 16:18:08
@_author: John Haltiwanger 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The mystery of capitalism 
This is total garbage. Anti-capitalism at the core of education? Capitalism
never recognized as the Great Engine of Great Societies? Grant must not have
been educated in the USA, nor tried to have a discussion about health care
with a Republican. Capitalism is a small-business owner with a few dry
cleaning places? True, but hardly telling the entire story. I'd like to
think more of how capitalism is the deforestation of sub-Saharan Africa for
4 July barbeques. That a lack of heroes is valorized here is a
Seriously, my experience could not be more different than this
bizarro-reality Grant is describing. And I should know, I've been a
"Marxist" since age 12 (1995). That's plenty of time to learn to hate the
extreme pro-capitalist bend of education and US society in general. The
media, the government, and all non-radical Leftists and Anarchists pretty
much get a warm fuzzy over capitalism and pull out anger if their
assumptions are questioned (Whither externalities, Mr. Smith?). If he is
talking about a different society, then perhaps his critique is somewhat
valid. Since he mentions New Hampshire, I'm not sure that is the case.
Also, the link to his blog doesn't work.
John Haltiwanger
Masters candidate in New Media
Universiteit van Amsterdam

@_date: 2010-03-01 16:59:36
@_author: John Haltiwanger 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P, Basic Income, and Bankruptcy Law 
I always personally envisioned an enlightened approach to technologic
progress that has its entire focus on efficiency. For instance, using water
and chemicals to clean a floor that could otherwise clean itself by being
converted at a single stage to a self-cleaning surface is inefficient. Just
because janitors will lose their jobs should not be a deterrent for
developing and deploying self-cleaning surfaces: shifts in gender relations
(no more "house work", at least of the surface cleaning kind) and potential
benefits in preventing diseases should trump jobs. But only if those jobs
were to be phased out in planned obsolescence. In other words, we should
strive to make as many jobs redundant as possible, with the caveat that when
your job sector disappears you will get the benefit of a universal living
wage as well as options for education, etc.
As it stands right now, self-cleaning surfaces are far too destabilizing to
economies for them to be installed in anything but the highest rated hotels
and other elite housing. This will continue to be the situation, as the
benefits of increased efficiency are suppressed because that efficiency
threatens capitalist economic models (molecular manufacturing is the final
edge case of the efficiency potentials we could proactively develop): rich
people will get the benefits, and the world will labor in unnecessary fields
simply to keep the current economic order running, even if at drastically
reduced capacity. Developing technology in order to reduce the unnecessary
labor of the world seems to be a great entry point for pushing adoption of
universal liviing wage. Even if it does feel like science fiction to imagine
that humans today could ever get over their work obsession..
John Haltiwanger

@_date: 2010-03-29 09:36:14
@_author: John Haltiwanger 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] new post 
I am instantly reminded of participatory economics, a la Robin Hahnel (
and Z Communications (
 ). I've always wanted to see this idea gain
more verbal traction---as of now it is rarely mentioned, if ever. It is a
sound model, developed by economists to have built in checks against common
problems in capitalist and centralized economies.
