
@_date: 2010-04-30 09:41:05
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concerning wikiworld and its use of 
Hi, I've recently joined the list, partly because I'm interested in
thinking about P2P and other aspects of online sharing in terms of 'the
idea of communism'.
Having seen the C word used in Michel and Daniel's discussion below, I
thought I'd offer a few recent references and ask you for any further
references on (re-)asserting the idea of communism.
I'm specifically trying to get a sense of what theorists are asserting
as communism and how developments in Open Education may or may not be
positioned within this discussion, but am interested in arguments for
and against the idea of communism, today, in all aspects of life.
Negri, Antonio & Guattari, Felix (1990) Communists like us.
Semiotext(e), New York.
Barbrook, Richard (2000) CYBER-COMMUNISM: How the Americans are
Superseding Capitalism in Cyberspace. Science as Culture, Vol. 9, Issue
1, p. 5 - 40
Badiou, Alan (2008) The Communist Hypothesis. New Left Review Vol. 49,
Hardt, Michael (2008) The Common in Communism.
On the Idea of Communism, conference at Brikbeck College, University of
London (2009) See notes and responses linked from:
Guardian Newspaper review:
Ali, Tariq (2009) The Idea of Communism. University of Chicago Press.
Zizek, Slavoj (2009) First as tragedy, then as farce. Verso, London.
Swyngedouw, Erik (2010) The Communist Hypothesis and Revolutionary
Capitalisms: Exploring the Idea of Communist Geographies for the
Twenty-first Century. Antipode Vol. 41, 298-319.
Cunningham, John (2010) Invisible Politics - An Introduction to
Contemporary Communisation. Mute Magazine.
 Subject: Re: [p2p-research] Concerning wikiworld
and its use of socialist terminology To: p2p research network
 Message-ID:
sympathize deeply with the tone Daniel is using. Ryan On Wed, Apr 28,
read Don
commons of
you are
coops. They
see Tere's
system of
terms, this
* *April

@_date: 2010-07-06 17:00:23
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Cybernetic Hypothesis 
Over a month ago, I said I was taking notes while reading Tiqqun's 'The
Cybernetic Hypothesis'. I've finally finished:
Note that, for those who want a longer summary, more complete notes are
linked to here:
I should say that a lot of this is new to me, so I've tended to cover
what I understand at face value. This is not a review, but notes I might
use to later include in something else I write (no idea what!).
People on this list will know this subject area much better than I do,
so please leave comments here or on my blog so that I might learn from you.
Much appreciated.

@_date: 2010-07-13 14:57:26
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
It is worth reminding ourselves that commerce can, did and does exist
without capitalism, as is discussed very well in this article and
related book:

@_date: 2010-07-19 09:23:59
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] chavez continues to destroy Venezuela: Poverty 
A favourable report came out last year which might be helpful. Only read
the Press Release myself...

@_date: 2010-07-19 10:15:47
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
I'd second that.
I think he envisages its decline. I'm pretty certain I've read comments
to that effect. Here's a post which is typical:
I've read his Long Descent, which I enjoyed. For a shorter statement on
his collapse theory, see:
It's worth keeping in mind that for Greer, we are already in a process
of collapse - it is not something in the future but a historical,
observable fact. For Greer, Peak Oil, declining net energy, ecological
overshoot, financial collapse, etc. attest to this.
I think he would support the pragmatism of P2P but find the centrality
of and reliance on networked communication to be its fatal flaw. If you
buy the theory of net energy depletion (
it suggests that the energy intensive lives of developed countries will
decline to a level that can be supported by fairly simple renewable
energy (remember that current renewable energy is built with fossil
fuels - a world of renewables built on renewables is not the same).
As far as technology is concerned, Greer advocates stuff like home-made
solar showers and learning the use of a slide ruler:

@_date: 2010-07-20 17:00:02
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
I think that's a fair point. Greer's descent is decadal reaching into
the next century. We are living it right now and still maintaining a
robust communications network. Greer thinks we're in for a future of
low-tech and, as you mentioned before, is an advocate of appropriate
technology as a way to ride the collapse.
However, what interests me in particular, is the next 5-10 years, when
liquid fuel production is anticipated to properly decline and the global
peak oil theory is realised in practice. It will be interesting to see
the initial effects of this so as to better extrapolate the long term
The peak in 2008 of both price and total liquid fuels pushed up
inflation and arguably contributed to the financial mess we're in now.
The US economy appears to go into recession whenever oil prices are
sustained over $85/barrel (
This view accords well with Colin Campbell's anticipated effects. He's
the guy the coined the term Peak Oil
If we are in for a future of these short cycles of rise and fall, rise
and fall further - similar to Greer's Catabolic Collapse theory, then it
is likely to have an impact on the affordability and accessibility of
communications networks as well as their continued development and
More of a concern than whether we can use the Internet, is our reliance
on just-in-time business models. Back in 2000, when the UK haulage
companies went on strike over petrol prices, supermarkets started
emptying out after a couple of days and people were panic buying
NEF has written a nice pamphlet called 'Nine Meals from Anarchy', which
speculates on this further.
Food production and distribution, medicines, water distribution, and
many other vital supplies and services, are dependent on oil.
How this is handled by government and the rest of us, will be key and
I'm interested in how P2P can help us respond, with or without
widespread access to the net over the next 20 years.

@_date: 2010-07-22 09:45:09
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
Hi Sepp,
Over the last couple of years since you wrote your blog post, there's
been a number of reports and academic papers which are worth reviewing
and may alter your view.
My view is that the oil companies are not intentionally restraining
crude oil production although clearly OPEC is in a position to
manipulate the market for oil to a degree and speculators can also
manipulate the price to a certain extent, but the trends seem clear to
me when the fallacy of energy efficiency, reality of net energy and the
reported supply and demand figures are taken into account.
Why restrict production while at the same time, make up the shortfall in
demand through the the use of other liquid fuels with lower net energy?
Since 2005, crude oil production has plateued, with additional demand
met by biofuels and unconventional oil (deep water/tar, etc.).
This month's Oil Watch illustrates this (and more) nicely.
Your blog post refers to CERA's forecasts of rising production, but you
are also probably aware that CERA are increasingly alone on this.
I do agree with you that we'd probably allow people to starve before
shutting down communication lines. Lives are lost regularly in our
search for energy and will continue to be, for sure.
Anyway, here are a few references I'd recommend if you or anyone would
like varied, recent research and reporting on current and possible
future problems with liquid fuel supplies.
Global Witness report (2009). Highly critical, from the perspective of
an NGO:
UK Energy Research Centre study (2009). A large (the largest?) academic
metastudy and assessment of peak oil predictions:
Lloyds Insurers/Chatham House report on strategic risks to business
(2010). A warning to business about energy shortages:
The Industry Task Force on Peak Oil and Energy Security report (2010). A
UK business group warning of an oil crunch worse than credit crunch in
next five years:
Oxford University research group, led by ex UK Chief Scientist, David
King. The status of conventional world oil reserves?Hype or cause for
concern? (2010). It concludes that OPEC reserves are overstated by a
third. Decline in overall global production by 2015.
 (restricted access, my
summary here:
On my flippant remark above about the 'fallacy of energy efficiencies',
I'm referring to the 'rebound effect', which you (though not everyone on
the P2P list) are probably familiar with. A thorough (2007) academic
study of this is here:
The point being that a growing global population with a desire for
affluence leads to more energy being used per capita *globally*, not
less. See this chart: Genuine technological efficiencies are swallowed up by real people
wanting a more affluent life. See also, the I=PxAxT equation:
See also, slide 6 from my slides here, which shows an example from the
literature about energy efficiencies:
 The small print is important :-)
On net energy, I'd recommend Heinberg's 'Searching for a Miracle' (2009)
There are many other worthwhile references, but this is a diverse
selection from various analysts, industry insiders, academics and
businesses. The one thing that is becoming very clear to me, is that
global demand for liquid fuels will almost certainly outstrip supply
this decade if global economic growth remains possible and is pursued.

@_date: 2010-07-22 10:06:28
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] China Overtakes US in Energy Production 
Hi Ryan,
I think you're referring to the energy intensity of China's economy. It
is more complex that simply blaming it on china's technocracy:
In terms of energy intensity, there is hardly any difference between the
US and China and, in my view, not enough to draw the conclusion you have
made (though in general, 'developed' economies are less energy intensive
than developing economies).
intensive than much of Europe and China, yet they are advanced democracies.
Also, like emissions, I don't think the US will include the energy China
uses to produce goods for US import in its accounting.

@_date: 2010-07-24 16:56:28
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: pdf : Ivan Illich - Tools for Conviviality, 
If anyone here likes the idea of annotating Illich's Tools for
Conviviality, Energy and Equity and Deschooling Society, I republished
them here:
(the paragraph level commenting software is a WordPress plugin I helped
develop:  )

@_date: 2010-05-01 19:54:14
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
The growing consensus is that the peak of conventional oil was in 2005
and that the peak of all liquid fuels will be between 2010 - 2014.
I've summarised this and a few other things relating to climate,
technology and efficiency, here:
Since writing that, a paper from an Oxford University research group
(including ex-Chief Scientific Advisor to UK gov, Sr. David King) has
added to the growing Peak Oil consensus.
I've got a blog post half-drafted on this paper. Here's the summary I
give for it:
Owen, Inderwildi and King?s recent paper, The status of conventional
world oil reserves?Hype or cause for concern?, supports previous studies
by others which show that conventional oil production peaked in 2005 and
that the peak production capacity of all liquids (excluding gas), will
peak around 2010. Conventional oil supply is declining by over 4%/annum,
with the shortfall and anticipated additional demand being met by
non-conventional oil (deep sea, tar sands) and other liquid sources such
as gas and bio-fuels. In just ten years, 50% of the global demand for
liquid fuel will have to be met by sources that are not in production
today. Not surprisingly then, speculation over the price of oil based on
fundamental supply and demand factors, as well as global events such as
the invasion of Iraq, Hurricane Katrina and Israel threatening to attack
Iran, has resulted in increased volatility of prices, reaching a high of
$147 a barrel in July 2008. In 2000, a barrel of oil cost around $20. A
decade later, the price of oil is around $80 a barrel and the trend
remains upwards.
Different economic theories applied to the supply and demand of oil
offer opposite outcomes. One suggests that the law of diminishing
returns would create an incentive to invest further in unconventional
sources such as tar sands and deep sea resources. On the other hand,
some economists argue that due to the inextricable link between oil and
economic activity, high oil prices can?t be sustained and that a price
of $100 a barrel would induce global recession, driving down oil prices
and paradoxically reducing investment in alternative fuels. While rising
oil prices can damage economic growth, lowering oil prices do not have
the same, proportionate effect on stimulating growth. It has been
estimated that oil price-GDP elasticity is -0.055 (+/- 0.005) meaning
that a 10% rise in oil prices leads to a 0.55% loss in global GDP.
Owen, Inderwildi and King?s paper concludes that published world oil
reserve estimates are inaccurate and should be revised downwards by a
third. Over-reporting since the 1980s due to the ?fight for quotas?
whereby OPEC agreed to set export quotas in proportion to reserve
volumes, and the inclusion of tar-sands into reserve estimates since
2004 have distorted reality. They add that ?supply and demand is likely
to diverge between 2010 and 2015, unless demand falls in parallel with
supply constrained induced recession? and that ?the capacity to meet
liquid fuel demand is contingent upon the rapid and immediate
diversification of the liquid fuel mix, the transition to alternative
energy carriers where appropriate, and demand side measures such as
behavioural change and adaptation.?
I wouldn't otherwise disagree with the 2030 scenario you outline below.

@_date: 2010-05-17 17:00:01
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
I have recently published the blog post I mentioned in the recent
discussion below, and left a comment on the P2P blog (see below).
I'd be really interested in what people on this list think about the
future of P2P in a near-term scenario of energy depletion. While I am
hugely supportive of P2P values and approaches, I do worry that while
still in their embryonic forms, a global Peak Oil scenario will do
serious damage to the gains that have already been made.
Perhaps you can offer potential opportunities for P2P in such a
scenario? Simply, I see a future of greater social unrest and struggle,
which may offer revolutionary opportunities, which P2P can harness in
some way. I should add that I don't view myself as a 'doomer' nor do I
advocate a survivalist mentality in such a scenario, yet having
researched this area quite closely for several months now, I am finding
it hard to be optimistic for a net culture that draws on such huge
energy resources, not just in sourcing electricity, but in the
manufacture of hardware in which much of the embodied energy of the net
The problems I see are a combination of technical, temporal, economic
and social.
Technical, because we do not have replacement technologies that can be
deployed on the required scale to smoothly transition to a post-oil world.
Temporal, because by all accounts, the period required to transition to
a post-oil world is measured in decades, even with intense and
co-ordinated effort.
Economic, because our model of growth is tied to our production of
energy. I think that while in its embryonic form, P2P is still reliant
on a model of growth to maintain the infrastructure required to support
and spread the values of P2P and develop non-net-based forms of P2P.
Social, because unplanned de-growth and the development and
implementation of alternative technologies on the scale required, to
combat the negative consequences of both Peak Oil and Climate Change,
arguably requires countries to be on 'a war footing', with intense,
co-ordinated and sustained national effort. During WWII, the UK
mobilised half of national productivity towards the single goal of
winning the war. Is that possible today? What are the policy implications?
I say a little more about that here:
Anyway, here's the comment I made on the P2P blog:
I have recently summarised six recent publications that provide an
up-to-date overview of the social and technological challenges of Peak
Oil and Climate Change.
I worry that Peak Oil has serious implications for the development of a
P2P culture which, in its current embryonic form, remains largely
reliant on cheap energy, globalisation and economic growth, all of which
are threatened by dwindling oil supplies over the next decade. As liquid
fuels become more expensive and difficult to source, economies will
experience zero or degrowth, providing opportunities for more
authoritarian modes of government that emphasise the need for
'stability' and 'efficiency'. I also fear that Net access is similarly
likely to peak over the next decade and then decline as it becomes too
expensive to maintain the current infrastructure.
In addition, if governments decide to seriously tackle climate change,
it will require the full resources of developed countries, much like
when in a national state of war, again providing further opportunities
for greater authoritarianism, in contrast to the distributed, autonomous
sites of P2P production.
Although I am still inclined to think that long-term, a P2P
commons-based culture can still thrive, I think we face decades of
struggle during a difficult transition to alternative forms of less
intensive sources of energy.
 -- Joss

@_date: 2010-05-26 16:30:30
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Cybernetic Hypothesis 
This may interest some of you. An English translation of The Cybernetic
Hypothesis, which appeared in the Tiqqun journal (2001) is now available:
I am quite new to this material, but my summary of it so far, is that
it's a ruthless and challenging attack on Cybernetics, which they equate
with modern Capitalism, both drawing on and simultaneously critiquing a
number of European intellectual traditions.
I'm enjoying it.

@_date: 2010-05-27 11:51:37
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on peak oil and p2p 
With regards to the role of the state in mass mobilisation and the
possible threat to democracy which you comment on at the end of this
post, there was a recent BBC radio programme, which I would recommend.
I have provided a brief summary here:
The podcast of the programme can be downloaded here:
A related, earlier programme was 'Are environmentalists bad for the
planet' which discusses traditional Green views on technology.

@_date: 2010-05-27 16:42:40
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Cybernetic Hypothesis 
For background on Tiqqun, I recommend:
Agamben and their publisher, Hazan, speak about Tiqqun here:
transcript here:
More translations can be found here:
and collected information about their arrest can be found here:
I've just finished reading The Cybernetic Hypothesis and think that
while the text is a ravaging critique of Cybernetics/Systems Theory as
Capitalism and its 'tyranny of transparency', the final few chapters of
the Hypothesis, do offer some steps forward for P2P activists, with
their ideas around panic, Temporary Autonomous Zones, interference/fog,
slowness and ultimately communism.

@_date: 2010-05-28 11:28:03
@_author: Joss Winn 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Cybernetic Hypothesis 
Thanks. I am starting to write some notes which I'll post to this list
for comment prior to publishing on the P2P blog.
