
@_date: 2009-12-05 14:45:42
@_author: J.-R. Jiang 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [CFP] IJAHUC Special Issue on: "The Smart Digital 
Dear Colleagues,
Please be advised that the deadline (Dec. 20, 2009) of IJAHUC special issue on "The Smart Digital Home" is two weeks away.  You are invited to submit papers via  Best regards,
Jehn-Ruey Jiang
Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering
National Central University
Jhongli City, Taoyuan, 320, Taiwan
**Please help distribute the following CFP**
Call for Papers
International Journal of Ad Hoc and Ubiquitous Computing (IJAHUC)
Special Issue on: "The Smart Digital Home"
Guest Editors: Prof. Prof. Shing-Tsaan Huang, National Central University, Taiwan, R.O.C. Dr. Fong Pong, Broadcom Corporation, California, USA Assoc. Prof. Jehn-Ruey Jiang, National Central University, Taiwan, R.O.C. A smart digital home refers to a living space with devices that are connected through wired or wireless networks. The connected devices may be sensors, actors, consumer electronics, appliances, mobile and PC devices that cooperate transparently for facilitating living and improving usability in the home. Sensors can capture the and/or detect physical phenomena, like temperature, humidity, illumination, etc., of living environments and notify other devices of the phenomena; actors and other devices can then act according to the phenomena to provide context aware services. Home care of the old, the young, the sick and the disabled can benefit from smart digital home technologies, by which carers are able to acquire the states of the home and the residents anytime, anywhere and to take proper actions immediately. By the technologies, proper actions can also be triggered automatically in the presence of specific events, such as resident falling, and stove catching fire, etc. Smart digital home technologies enable working from home, remote education, network shopping, online gaming, etc. High speed broadband network access and all-IP technologies enabled by frameworks of IMS (IP Multimedia Subsystem), SDP (Service Delivery Platforms), DLNA (Digital Living Network Alliance), and so on, offer new communication capabilities. We can foresee that innovative smart digital home applications benefiting from high network capabilities will be blooming in the near future. Since a variety of devices presents in a smart digital home, convergent (across all the screens of TVs, PCs, appliances and mobile devices) and personalized user experience is evidently the key for the success of new residential applications. Subject Coverage
The goal of this special issue is to bring together the researchers from academia and industry as well as practitioners to share ideas, problems and solutions relating to the multifaceted aspects of the smart digital home. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: *	Broadband digital home networks
*	Sensor networks and visual sensor networks for home care *	Context-aware intelligent living environments *	Continuous or event-driven inhabitation monitoring *	Fall detection, posture and activity recognition *	Assistive devices for localization and orientation *	Decision support algorithms for sensor data analysis *	Middleware for interoperability *	Convergent and personalized user experience *	Fully automated home applications *	Energy savvy digital home applications *	Entertainment, educational and motivational aids *	Security and privacy in smart digital homes Notes for Prospective Authors
Submitted papers should not have been previously published nor be currently under consideration for publication elsewhere. All papers are refereed through a peer review process. A guide for authors, sample copies and other relevant information for submitting papers are available on the Author Guidelines page. Important Dates
Paper submission deadline: 20 December, 2009
Acceptance notification: 30 January, 2010
Camera ready copy due: 28 February, 2010
Editors and Notes
A guide for authors, sample copies and other relevant information for submitting papers are available on the (Author Guidelines) page. Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished manuscripts to web site:  All submitted papers will be refereed by reviewers in terms of originality, contribution, correctness, and presentation. Corresponding Editor:
Jehn-Ruey Jiang
Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering
National Central University, Taiwan, R.O.C.
jrjiang at csie.ncu.edu.tw

@_date: 2010-08-16 14:33:28
@_author: Jehn-Ruey Jiang 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [CFP]P2P-NVE 2010 (Deadline, August 20, 2010, 
Dear Colleagues,
Please be advised that the paper submission deadline (August 20, 2010) of
"The 4th International Workshop on Peer-to-Peer Networked Virtual Environments (P2P-NVE 2010)" is 5
days away. P2P-NVE 2010 will be held in conjunction with "The 16th International
Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS 2010)," held on December 8-10, 2010 in Shanghai,
China. You are invited to submit your papers to P2P-NVE 2010, whose CFP is attached. All Accepted
papers will be published by IEEE Press (indexed by EI) and will be included in IEEE Xplore digital
Best regards,
Jehn-Ruey Jiang
Program Chair of P2P-NVE 2010
Call for Papers
The 4th International Workshop on Peer-to-Peer Networked Virtual
Environments (P2P-NVE 2010)
in conjunction with
The 16th International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems
(ICPADS 2010)
December 8 -10, 2010
Shanghai, China
PURPOSE AND SCOPE
A networked virtual environment (NVE), also known as a distributed virtual
environment (DVE) or collaborative virtual environment (CVE), is a
computer-generated virtual world where multiple users can assume virtual
representatives (or avatars) to concurrently interact with each other via
networked links. Examples of NVEs include early DARPA SIMNET and DIS systems
as well as currently booming Massively Multiplayer Online Games (MMOGs).
Some recent studies propose using P2P architectures to increase NVE
scalability and to reduce NVE management and deployment costs. Typical
examples of such studies are P2P voice chatting, P2P 3D streaming, P2P game
state management, and so on. In spite of the success of the studies, we need
more studies about state consistency control, persistent data storage,
multimedia data dissemination, cheat-prevention, topology mismatching, and
virtual world interoperability to construct NVEs of better performance.
The 1st, 2nd and 3rd International Workshop on Peer-to-Peer Networked
Virtual Environments were held in conjunction with the 13th, 14th and 15th
International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems in 2007, 2008
and 2009, respectively. To adhere to the theme of P2P-NVE workshops, the
theme of P2P-NVE 2010 is to solicit original and previously unpublished new
ideas on general P2P schemes as well as on the design and realization of P2P
NVEs. The workshop aims to facilitate discussions and idea exchanges by both
academics and practitioners. Authors are invited to submit an electronic
version of original, unpublished manuscripts, not to exceed 8
double-columned, single-spaced pages, to the workshop. Submitted papers
should be in accordance with IEEE Computer Society guidelines, and will be
refereed by reviewers in terms of relevance, originality, contribution,
correctness, and presentation.
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:
-   P2P systems and infrastructures
-   Applications of P2P systems
-   Performance evaluation of P2P systems
-   Trust and security issues in P2P systems
-   Network support for P2P systems
-   Fault tolerance in P2P systems
-   Data structures for P2P systems
-   Efficient P2P resource lookup and sharing
-   Distributed Hash Tables (DHTs) and related issues
-   Solutions to topology mismatching for P2P overlays
-   P2P overlays for NVEs
-   P2P NVE multicast
-   P2P NVE interoperability
-   P2P NVE content distribution
-   P2P NVE 3D streaming
-   P2P NVE voice communications
-   P2P NVE architecture designs
-   P2P NVE prototypes
-   P2P NVE consistency control
-   Persistent storage for P2P NVEs
-   Security and cheat-prevention mechanisms for P2P games
-   P2P control for mobile NVEs
-   P2P NVE applications on mobile devices
IMPORTANT DATES
Submission:     August 20, 2010
Notification:     September 15, 2010
Camera ready:   October 1, 2010
PAPER SUBMISSION
Authors are invited to submit an electronic version of original, unpublished
manuscripts, not to exceed 8 double-columned, single-spaced pages, to the
workshop. Submitted papers should be in PDF format in accordance with IEEE
Computer Society guidelines, and will be refereed by reviewers in terms of
originality, contribution, correctness, and presentation.
