
@_date: 2008-07-02 02:45:54
@_author: Kev Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Superflex - Self Organisation / Counter Economic 
Hello Everybody,
I came across this book by Danish art group
Superflexlast summer its called 'Self
Organisation / Counter Economic Strategies', it
was released online as a pdf in April this year.
"Self-organisation/Counter-economic strategies is about the many approaches
to the creation, dissemination and maintenance of alternative models for
social and economic organisation, and the practical and theoretical
implications, consequences and possibilities of these self-organised
structures. The counter-economic strategies presented here are radical
alternatives to classical capitalist economic organisation that exploit, or
have been produced by, the existing global economic system."
I've put a short post to the ning network and on my own blog. There are lots
of projects covered some better known than others, over all a nicely
produced book, so do take a look.
Kevin Flanagan
Research Blog - Video Blog - Flickr -

@_date: 2008-07-13 12:10:43
@_author: Kev Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Videos on Food and Finance 
BBC World Debate "Food - who pays the price"
The discussion highlights the antagonisms between small holders and
industrial agriculture in context of growing issues of global fuel and food
 is an interesting website too.

@_date: 2008-07-22 14:00:49
@_author: Kev Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Transition Network: a Proposal for Structure 
The Transition Network is an organisation whos purpose is -
"To dramatically reduce carbon emissions and massively increase resilience
for all aspects of life that our communities, businesses and organisations
need in order to sustain themselves and thrive"
They have just released -
The Transition Network: a Proposal for Structure.
They have secured some funding and are looking for a Knowledge Management
Person for the development of the online community side of things.
They are interested in ideas, consultation and feedback on their proposals.
Reading through the first few pages of the document their are many areas of
interest and crossover with the P2P Foundation. Particularly in terms of
social change and in different models of social organisation.
All the Best

@_date: 2008-11-07 01:00:59
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Art of Participation 
There is exhibition at the San Francisco Museum Of Modern Art called
'The Art of Participation' which looks at the history of participatory
practice in contemporary art. For a good 50 years now artists have
challenged the 'institution' of art, blurring the boundries between
art and life, artwork and audience. In a way as these artistic
practices which at one time (60's&70's) where 'radical' and
'antagonistic' have become historicised there is the sense that they
become part of the institution of contemporary art and in some
respects this is true. But what is enduring about such work is that it
continues to challenge the commodification of art and the institution
of galleries and museums and often by opening these serious places to
some light hearted play and imagination.
Im not in San Fran but if anyone out there gets a chance to see the
show lets us know about your experience.
There is an interview with the curator Rudolf Frieling on the SFMOMA website
links to part 1 and 2 of the interview
Kevin Flanagan
Research Blog - Video Blog - Flickr -

@_date: 2008-10-05 13:22:10
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation 
Just came across this organisation called the Calouste Gulbenkian
Foundation. They might be interested in granting financial support for the
P2P Foundation.
Here is a list of social change projects theyve supported.

@_date: 2008-10-06 17:30:43
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Zeitgeist Addendum 
Hey All,
I just watched Zeitgeist Addendum. I was pleasantly surprised with the departure from the doom and gloom of
Zeitgeist part 1 with the more constructive approach of presenting an
alternative to the current economic system.
Its worth watching.
It covers a lot of issues that would be familiar to people on this list,
including a discussion on artificial scarcity, and the holding back of
socially transformative technologies by corporate control of intellectual
Anyone here know anything about the Venus project?
Kevin Flanagan
ps- Here are some of the movies
- Proposals for Social Transformation -
1 - Expose the Fed - Stop supporting the major banks that perpetuate the
central banking system system. Citibank, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of
America. If you have money with these banks close your account and move it
somewhere else. If you own stock sell it. If you work for them quit.
2 - Boycott Corporate Mass Media, support independent media online and
protect the Internet which supports so much free speech.
3 - Boycott the Military - Dont let yourself or anyone you know join the
military, it does not serve the people.
4 - Boycott the Energy Companies - Investigate the means by which you can
live independently and sustainably,using solar or wind, get off the grid. -
( I'd add source and grow as much food as you can locally)
5 - Reject the Political System - In favor of technological redesign.
6- Critical Mass - Join the movement -  which
is launching Oct 10th.

@_date: 2009-12-13 03:05:37
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open patents for development 
Hello All,
With reference to the blog post - 'Open up patents for development and
mitigating climate change: a concrete proposal'
So there is disagreement between the developed and the developing
countries on the efficiency of current intellectual property regime
for climate-related environmentally sound technologies, what about
other areas?
The developed countries see strong IP enforcement as having been
important to its own development and so see it as logical that
developing countries should need strong IP to develop likewise. But
isnt this really the western nations maintaining their monopolies and
keeping developing nations in their place as dependents through
actually restricting and holding back development?
In the short to medium term who benefits more from commons oriented
peer production the developed or the developing nations?
With recent posts on Brazil in mind. Could developing nations be the
real big innovators for future peer production? How might these
current antagonisms over IP between developed and developing countries
play out in a multi-polar world?
Is anyone aware of developing countries making bilateral and
multilateral agreements to circumvent such restrictions in
international trade agreements?
Is the developed world too entrenched in its ways for more radical
adoption of peer production?
Will the old extractive colonial mindset of the west lead to its own downfall?
Lots of ????????
All the best
Kevin Flanagan

@_date: 2009-12-19 01:14:48
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Political Ecology of Collapse - John Michael 
John Michael Greer on the rise and fall of systems theory.
The Political Ecology of Collapse: Weishaupt?s Fallacy - John Michael Greer
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-12-19 11:53:10
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Participatory Photography in Human Rights Advocacy 
I also came across these articles on Participatory Photography in
Human Rights Advocacy.
I also came across insight share earlier in this year they're really
interesting.  They use some action research methodologies to guide the
process. Their book is out of print but they make it available online
for free.
Kevin Flanagan

@_date: 2009-02-20 12:35:39
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FLOSS and ART book available as torrent 
Hey Michel,
It seems the FLOSS and ART book is available as torrent on Piratebay.

@_date: 2009-07-17 11:56:48
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Relational Art 
I came across this 2004 Documentary by BBC 4 called Relational Art is
it an ism? - The presenter interviews artists whos work was chosen as examples of
this art by critic Nicolas Bourriaud in his book Relational
Relational Art refers to art practices that require some level of
public particpation for the work to be complete, some relational art
also explores social relations.
This documentary serves as a quicky 30 min intro to what has been a
popular idea in contemporary art discourse.
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-06-03 09:53:20
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] launch of p2p art section 
Ive just finished my masters in fine art. Our show is opening Moday 8th at
the University of Ulster if anyone happens to be in Belfast.
I'll certainly make some contributions to the P2P Art wiki.
Do I need a password?
I know many artists and artworks that have P2P-ish aspects to their works
but are not fully pure P2P in accordance with the P2P definition. Mostly
because unless the artist is working specifically in the immaterial sphere
(new media art or software art) the art product is usually owned by the
artist or a gallery. Though there are also many artists working for whom the
artwork is not an object but a social experience. Where such an experience
is created in a participatory manner I believe it would constitute P2P.
Suzanne Lacy inititates social interventions as art.
In her Oakland project she organised young people to challenge how they
where being represented in the media.
Here is some participatory Media Art - They Rule by Josh On
Of course Superflex also with their Copyshop and FreeBeer -
I have to go now
All the best

@_date: 2009-03-08 21:42:36
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Alternative\Local currency links 
I met Ludwig Schuster at the Feasta meeting in Dublin last weekend,
he's involved in researching alternative and local currencies in
Germany. He sent me some links that Im sure will be of interest to
some of you on the list.
and, concerning energy backed currencies, visit
or download the pdf's

@_date: 2009-05-03 16:20:31
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
There is definately a culture of making art works artificially scarce. Lots
of art is scarce by default because of its medium ie painting and marble
sculpture, other art works prints and photographic prints from film are also
scarce by default of their medium but less so, the artist might produce an
edition of 10. But with digital video and photography the original source
material , your camera RAW files or MTS files can be copied and reproduced
with 100% accuracy. So scarcity is not built into the digital medium it is
imposed by choice of the artist/gallery in order to get a decent price on
the market.
It is important to consider how reproductions also contribute to the
mythical status of the original art object. We all know the Mona Lisa and
that shared knowing itself plays a big part in what gives the original its
social currency. If that makes sense?
So how do I make a living from my art, it is a tricky problem? I dont
currently and I worry about this quite a bit..
If I make the source files of my work accesible online with a CC licence
allowing anyone to make a high quality digital print without having to
renumerate me I will be underminig my own ability to make an income from
selling work through the gallery system. The gallery system thrives on
making art artificially scarce, and inflating its monetary value. On the
other hand I could give away my art for free online and hope that people
will take an interest and support me and what I do by other means.
Ideally I would like to make everything available for free as and when I
like but I think a mixed approach is more practically viable.
Im hoping to have a solo exhibition in 2010, I will get some nice high
quality photographic prints done up to mount on the walls but I will also
make some poster quality prints of the same images for sale at an affordable
price, personally I can never afford to buy art nor can most of my friends
so I think it would be a nice way to make the work accesible to regular
people not just collectors.
I would certainly like to see contemporary visual art become more accesible
for regular people and I think affordable reproductions are a good way of
achieving this.
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-05-22 01:32:25
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] controversy: GM foods and organic agriculture 
The general line I come across from looking into this stuff online is that
GM is promoted by big agro business as a solution to world hunger. I hear
pro GM journalist and Politicians rehash this regularly.
A quick look at monsanto's website and you will see this is a major part of
how they promote GM.
Lots of nice 'green' words there too like 'sustainability'..
Couching the GM debate in such arguments is a marketing trick. Shifting the
focus of discussion from GM to the 'bigger' issues of World Hunger.
if you support ending world hunger you support GM
If you dont support GM your evil and do not care about solving hunger and
if your for GM your for science and technology
if your against GM your backward
Its win win for GM
A permaculturalist friend of mine visited Ethiopia last year. We where
discussing her experience and she described how surprised she was to find
that Ethiopia at least where she visited was very green with plenty of
fertile land. The problems of poverty and hunger as she described where not
for lack of fertile soil but because many people through crisis and
displacement had lost the knowledge and skills needed to work the land
sustainibly and as such where left dependent on aid.
Ryan you seem to have some experience of life in Africa, I dont and I dont
want to make generalizations but is there some truth in the accessment
On whether organic and GM can work together..
I dont think you cant sell GM food with an organic label
its still GM so its just not organic.
Here is a recent blog post from Permaculture.org.au
Doctors warn to avoid genetically modified food -
There are some scary films about GM you can watch online -
"The world according to monsanto" is one
Kevin Flanagan

@_date: 2009-11-05 15:37:29
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
It was great to finally get to meet some of you in person at media ecologies.
I have some suggestions and questions regarding building alliances
that Id be interested in thrashing out here on the list.
My question here is how can we incentivize government to support the
building and protection of the commons?
My suggestion is this -
As an artist Ive been involved in and worked with several artist led
organisations. Most of these organisations could not survive without
government subsidy through bodies such as arts councils. Naturally
there is pressure from government on arts councils and hence on
artists and arts organisations to be accountable for this investment.
In order to receive financial support artists and arts organisations
are required to fulfill certain criteria to prove the social value of
their work. So the better an organisation is at proving the social
value of their work the more likely it is that they will receive
support. This means that lots of artists end up working to governments
agenda through Public Art and Community Arts projects. Maybe this
sounds a bit harsh but sometimes I think of community arts as a kind
of goverment funded social band aid for disadvantaged communities. The
criteria for funding are usually that such projects support , social
inclusion, multiculturalism, intercultural relations. Often what is
produced in the creative process if immaterial affect so its not
always easy to show how these arts projects fulfill these criteria.
What Im wondering is can free culture centers, hack\fab labs, maker
clubs, do this better. I think so. The added advantage of such centres
is eductaion in transferable skills. Goverment likes transferable
skills that help peoples job prospects. Whether in electronics,
programming, media. Some research into how the EU and UNESCO promote
social inclusion through culture would be useful. Are these policies
IP biased? Can we as advocates of free culture and the commons propose
ammendments or new policies that incentivize governments to provide
financial support for free culture spaces, hack labs and to recognize
the intercultural importance of the shared commons oriented production
of these spaces? Any ideas who might already be working on this?
Existing models perhaps that can be used as examples?
How might dialogue about the commons interface with current thinking
on multiculturalism? Does breaking down financial barriers to entry
promote social inclusion locally, nationally, internationally? Of
course but how do we measure this?
I dont know how this sounds or even if its interesting but I thought
Id just put it out there.
Maybe the the current system of support for the arts is one to look at
expanding for supporting the commons based production? Maybe alliances
can be built with existing cultural organisations?
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-05 15:41:12
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Media ecologies email list? 
Hey Phoebe,
Is it possible to get email contacts of media ecologies participants?
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-06 11:28:38
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hey Paul,
State support for the arts is common in europe.
Im most familiar with the Irish and UK Arts Councils.
Im not advocating further state support for 'artists'.
Im interested in putting together an strong argument for state support
for free culture and hacker spaces.
Using already in place institutions and infrastructure such as arts councils.
I support the idea of a basic income for all.
But Im suggesting what I see as a practical and achievable short term goal.
If we could specifically get these institutions to recognise the
social value and put in policy the importance of commons oriented
production for free culture and hacker spaces then maybe in time we
can get the state to recognize the value and importance of commons
based production on a broader scale.
Lets get these arts councils to expand their remit to support
specifically free culture and hacker spaces.
Surely we can show how the skills developed in hack labs are useful
and transferable and worth state economic investment. Hacker spaces in
in disadvantaged communities could be a great outlet for young people.
I dont have time to look up a good links at the moment because I have to go now.
For example it would be nice to see some research on how Brazil has
got on with its effort in supporting acces to digital technology.
Brazilian minister for digital culture Gilberto Gill supporting the
creation of 650 cultural spaces giving citizens access to computers
cameras to share music and culture.
Ok Im off for now.
Kevin F
On Thu, Nov 5, 2009 at 6:07 PM, Paul D. Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 13:20:00
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hi Ryan,
On morality. Im not sure there is any such thing as clean money in
capitalist society. Come on theres lots of P2P practices and commons
based production financed by both private and public money.
Many governments already allocate a percentage of their annual budgets
to support cultural work. There are huge numbers of artists, musicians
and actors, writers, galleries, theatres, films,  that would never get
their feet off the ground without massive state subsidy. Many sports
too are highly subsidised.
An awful lot of 'culture' gets produced in this way. Why not the commons?
The BBC is a state funded broadcaster. Wouldnt it be great if BBC
programming was released with something like a Creative Commons
licence. So that the public who paid for it could share it and build
upon it freely. There has already been some experimentation with this
- My point is that there are already existing state infrastructure and
getting the likes of the arts councils to recognize the value of the
commons and to actively promote it among cultural producers would be a
big deal.
Im not saying this would bring about a P2P society, but even a small
change in government policy in support of commons based production
would set a precedent and open up the possibilities for broader
support in future.
Sure there is always the problem of state dependency. But the great
thing about building a commons is that what you build stays in common.
So Any funding that helps build the commons is a good investment and
in my opinion could be shown to be money better spent than what gets
spent on some arts projects these days.
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-08 13:38:04
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Proposals - P2P Foundation Newsletter / Podcast / 
Hello Michael and All,
Have you considered a regular 'weekly\biweekly review' post for the blog.
A weekly post that summarises what was posted to the blog during the week.
Would there be any way to automate it?
Maybe people could subscribe to receive it via email as a weekly
newsletter, maybe this could include a short written overview of P2P
I think this might be useful to people who find it difficult to keep
up with posts.
With regards P2P TV
What about doing video interviews with P2P advocates via Skype.
for video and audio podcasts?
Im not sure how manageable these proposals are at the moment?
But maybe this might be something to work towards for the research
centre in Chiang Mai.
Any tech ideas on how these could be managed through the community?
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-08 13:39:15
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Digital Republic by David Bollier at the Free 
Digital Republic
These remarks were given by David Bollier at the Free Culture Forum
[ in Barcelona, Spain, on October 30.

@_date: 2009-11-09 12:33:13
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Proposals - P2P Foundation Newsletter / Podcast 
How about this for a start.
We could collectively decide on a series of 10 questions.
Properly formulated, kept general and open ended the questions should
elicite diverse responses from those interivewed.
Each video could be 5 - 10 minutes in duration.
Interviewee should attempt to answer at least 5 of the questions.
In this format the interviewer asking the questions is essentially
kept invisible and will not be seen or heard in the final edit.
So an interview would go a bit like this -
Interviewer asks - Could you please introduce yourself?
Interviewee Responds - Hi my name is ------- I work for  or Im
involved with this or that project ----
Interviewer ask - can you tell me a bit about this project -
Interviewee Responds --
Interviewer ask - In what way is P2P a part of that...how is P2P
important to your work?
Interviewee Responds --
Interviewer ask - What are your hopes/ plans for the future?
Interviewer Responds --
Naturally there will also be context specific questions
All of these can be discussed and explored via email before the video interview.
Im not sure about the technology but Im sure Ive seen video interviews
conducted over Skype online.
The quality is not the greatest but its a highly accessible format.
If Michael or others want to make suggestions as to who would be good
to interview and what questions need to be asked. We can either
individually volunteer to do the interviewing and production in a
decentralized manner or else send the questions to me. I will make the
arranments. Conduct the interviews via skype. Edit the video, upload
it to youtube/vimeo or blip.tv. Then post it to the blog. I think
skype has multi user capabilities so I dont neccesarily need to do the
interviewing if someone more suitable for the context is available.
Lets trial it.
I'll check out the recording options and do the editing and uploading.
All we need are
Someone to interview
Some questions
Someone to interview
Any volunteers?
Kevin F
Those who are willing

@_date: 2009-11-09 14:43:12
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Proposals - P2P Foundation Newsletter / Podcast / 
Hi Michael,
There are just a few design problems I have with the blog.
That could probably be solved quite easily with some technical adjustments.
Im only suggesting this because I think it might make things easier
and more engaging for readers.
First of all many posts on the blog are quite long. The amount of
content is fine thats not a problem but it does mean that as a reader
I need to do lots of scrolling down through the blog to get an idea of
whats been happening.
What I suggest is that posts on the main page appear with name and
initial summary of up to maybe 300 - 500 words then it could have a
link where you can click to continue reading the full post. This would
make the front page of the blog easier to navigate and read.
People using readers could subscribe to rss feeds for either summaries
or full articles.
Not all readers use rss readers or twitter and even if they do they
dont always check them. There are hundreads of tweets I miss. I do use
a reader but there are some sites I dont subscribe too because my
reader would be overloaded with content. For example The Guardian
website or BoingBoing.
Instead I check the sites myself in my own time. I know I miss stuff
and thats probably why I find the weekly blog summary on BoingBoing
useful for getting a quick idea of whats been posted there.
Also the blog archive on the left of the main page does not support
search by date, this would also be useful.
The reason I suggest a weekly summary for the blog and as an email
newsletter is that I think it would be useful for readers who dont
have time to all follow posts as and when they are posted
This might also just be a matter of some technical setup that could
run automatically, rather than a regular job for someone.
I took a quick look at wordpress plugins and came across one possible
solution maybe James or some of the tech heads on the list might know
of others.
Nathan suggested I do a bit of manual DIY, Ive attached a sample email
newsletter , its fairly rough though.. Im not suggesting that posts to
the main blog page be as short as Ive put them in this sample
I also see there is a rss button saying subscribe to newsletter on the
right of the main page but when I click on it it brings me to a
contact page.
With regards a weekly review of whats been discussed on the research
list. I find it quite hard to keep up with the list as it is and
personally dont feel critically competent to engage constructively
with much of the discussions. So unfortunatelty its not something I
could do very well.
The video stuff I can do.
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-11 00:59:12
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free Software and Digital Inclusion in Brazil 
This is a really passionate speech for Free Software by Brazilian
president Lula da Silva.
A 20 minute video - Lula da Silva, Brazilian President, talks about
the importance of Free Software and the Internet at the 10th Free
Softaware Internacional Forum, in Porto Alegre, Brazil - June 26th,
The scale at which the government is implementing these changes is
really inspiring,
from -
Brazilian government to deploy 53k open source labs serving 52 million
students (April 24, 2008)
"One of the great announcements made at FISL this year was that the
Brazilian Ministry of Education is currently in the process of
deploying 53,000 computer labs with all open source software and 52
million students will have access to these labs. The computers in the
labs will be running a Linux distribution called Linux Educacional
which is based on Debian and KDE as a desktop. By the end of this
year, there will already by 29,000 of these labs open and available!
Each lab contains a server and 15 terminals to use. Many of the slides
from the presentation are online and translated to English. Doing some
rough estimates, even if Microsoft gave a 50% educational discount,
the cost of this project with Windows would be $79.5 million USD
(around 100 million Reais, the Brazilian currency) before even one
computer was made available because that would just be the licensing
fees. A project like this enables one to see the scope of the benefits
that open source provides ? given the state of public schools in the
United States, it is nearly a crime that almost every school district
continues to pay our tax dollars to Microsoft."
Also see -
Is this the largest state supported adoption and implementation of
free software on earth?
Im interested to find out more about how this is working out.
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-11 01:43:08
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition to widescale 
What about differing rates at which cultures adapt to technological change.
The market develops technological innovations, radio, television,
mobile phones, internet and as users we can take these on quite
naturally and for practical purposes. But we dont have to understand
these technologies and how they work. We navigate the world in accord
with out knowledge of it and we fit technology to our existing maps
and desires. We can have scientific advance but without a broad
cultural understanding of the useful implications those advances have
for society adoption will be slow.
This is why p2p advocacy is important. Im not a techie but I can see
the oppurtunities and possibilities technology offers. But just
because a technology exists dosent mean it will be adopted.
Creationism is a symptom of this cultural drag. Science has shown
evolution to be fact yet millions of people have real difficulty
reconciling this with their religous cultural inheritance.
Its easy to get excited by technological change especially when it
seems to occur so fast.
I grew up with internet access from my teens and I find it hard to
imagine the slow labour involved in getting access to knowledge in the
pre-internet days. Going to the library ordering a book waiting weeks.
Specially where I grew up in the west of Ireland. Today its something
I nearly take for granted.
It is still pre-internet days for billions of people isnt it.
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-12 22:44:51
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source communications tool for disabled being 
This might make an interesting blog post?
Watch the video at -
EyeWriter Source Code Released To The Public
"Members of Free Art and Technology (FAT), OpenFrameworks, the
Graffiti Research Lab, and The Ebeling Group communities have
teamed-up with a legendary LA graffiti writer, publisher and activist,
named Tony Quan, aka TEMPTONE. Tony was diagnosed with ALS in 2003, a
disease which has left him almost completely physically paralyzed?
except for his eyes. This international team is working together to
create a low-cost, open source eye-tracking system that will allow ALS
patients to draw using just their eyes. The long-term goal is to
create a professional/social network of software developers, hardware
hackers, urban projection artists and ALS patients from around the
world who are using local materials and open source research to
creatively connect and make eye art.
This week the team behind the EyeWriter project released all the
Source code, free software, DIY instructions, and eye tags by Tempt1
to the public at eyewriter.org"

@_date: 2009-11-12 22:53:31
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Its not where you take things from its where you 
Its not where you take things from its where you take them to

@_date: 2009-11-12 23:47:42
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Colonialism and Commons Enclosure 
Im looking for research exploring analogies between Post-Colonial
studies and Contemporary Commons Enclosure via IP.
Any ideas?
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-14 11:11:23
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source communications tool for disabled 
Hi Michel,
I recently half watched the film of 'The Diving Bell and the
Butterfly' the story of Jean-Dominique Bauby the book had been
recommmended to me before but I never got around to it.
Any preffered date for the blog?

@_date: 2009-11-15 23:31:11
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Patent regimes and innovation in developing 
Im not an expert but Ive been fishing about some related issues Ive
posted on the list recently -
Postcolonialsim and the Commons and Free Culture and Free Software in
Brazil - by the way thank you all for your useful comments..
So here is a string of what Ive been looking at -
Creative Commons retired their Developing Nations Licence in 2007
'Retiring standalone DevNations and one Sampling license'
The licence limited the freedom to share and develop derivative works
to developing countries while supporting full copyrights in developed
nations. - The key reasons cited for this where low demand and conflict with the
principles of the open access movement.
The Open Knowledge Defenition listed the licence as a Non-Conformant because -
"Creative Commons developing nations license does not support
principle "7. No Discrimination Against Persons or Groups". -
Which states that -
7. No Discrimination Against Persons or Groups
The license must not discriminate against any person or group of persons.
Comment: In order to get the maximum benefit from the process, the
maximum diversity of persons and groups should be equally eligible to
contribute to open knowledge. Therefore we forbid any open-knowledge
license from locking anybody out of the process. -
If anybody knows of any studies or reports that Creative Commons has
done on this do let me know
Regarding -
"At one of our workshops, the representative of a major technology
company pointed out that in various structurally weak developing
countries there is no effective protection of "intellectual property".
Thus, ruthless trend scouts can spot innovative inventions in these
countries (e.g. in Afirca and make them available to companies
in industrialised and threshold countries without sharing the benefits
with the innovators. Therefore, we were called upon to advocate the
strengthening of patent regimes in developing countries (with financial
and juridical support by industrialised countries) in order to safeguard
a just compensation for these innovators or communities."
There is nothing new in such a proposal and isnt this always already
on the agenda of developed nations.
The reason piracy is so common in developing countries is because
prohibitive costs of acces to knowledge goods creates a market for it.
A call for stronger regulation and protection of IP in developing
countries will not support innovation it will just further raise the
barriers to knowledge access, hinder both natural innovation and
pirate innovation (2 kinds of innovation that can cross fertalize very
well), this in turn would have the effect of supporting further
dependence on innovation from developed countries where IP is well
It is no surprise that
"At the international climate negotiations, speakers from developing
countries deplore the role of patents as an obstacle to the diffusion
of climate-friendly technologies"
Addressing climate change is so urgent that IP barriers limiting
access to clean energy technology need to be addressed. Any move that
supports the development of Open access, design and manufacturing of
such technologies is a good thing in my view.
Also see -
The African Copyright & Access to Knowledge Project (ACA2K)
"Standards of IP protection that may be suitable for developed
countries may cause greater costs than benefits when applied in
developing countries"
Tips for Developing Countries when reviewing Copyright Laws - "Promote
Open Access, Open Source Software & Open Licensing (e.g. Creative
Commons, etc"
Also see the BISA (Brazil India South Africa) Copyright Review for a
short history of Copyright in the developing world -
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-11-15 23:44:29
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Colonialism and Commons Enclosure 
Thanks for your responses. Ive just reposted some of my findings to
Re: [p2p-research] Patent regimes and innovation in developing
Kevin F

@_date: 2009-10-04 21:48:25
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 'Technocalyps' Documentary on Transhumanism on 
I first saw Technocalyps at a screening in Berlin as part of
Transmediale media art festival in 2007. I was new to these ideas and
it really blew my mind. Its a fantastic introduction to the ideas
behind transhumanism. Michael was also quite involved in the making of
this film. I was delighted to come across it again today on google
TechnoCalyps - Part I - TransHuman
TechnoCalyps - Part II - Preparing for the Singularity
TechnoCalyps - Part III - The Digital Messiah
All the Best
Kevin Flanagan

@_date: 2009-10-25 18:52:02
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walt Whitman on the Commonplace 
Hi Ryan,
Very nice. Have you read 'The Gift' by Lewis Hyde. The book is a meditation
on creativity as a gift and how artists have engaged with this idea. He
explores the theme looking at the gift in folklore, the history of gift
exchange and the development of usury, he writes about traditional gift
economies such as those in american indian culture, and then the gift in the
works of Walt Whitman and Ezra Pound. Its a nice read. I'd like to give it a
second more critical read at some point. It was my introduction to Whitman.
I picked up an old used copy of 'Leaves of Grass' and really enjoyed it.
Hyde has written some articles for onthecommons.org
and there is a short review of his book here by David Bollier
He has a website and has a new book in the works on the cultural commons.
Kevin F

@_date: 2010-04-02 18:34:54
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source, 
According to this article Microsoft is behind it.
For those of us in Europe there is a link at the end of the article to
a public consultation through a online questionnaire.
- Kevin F

@_date: 2010-04-06 21:41:12
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Crowdsourcing Micro Payments for Web Content 
Came across  via -
This looks quite similar to It will be interesting to watch how these develop.
Kevin F

@_date: 2010-04-30 00:23:28
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Diaspora Kickstarter Fund - Securing personal 
Diaspora Kickstarter Fund - Securing personal information in Social
Networks through Decentralization
from - Diaspora aims to be a distributed network, where totally separate
computers connect to each other directly, will let us connect without
surrendering our privacy. We call these computers ?seeds?. A seed is
owned by you, hosted by you, or on a rented server. Once it has been
set up, the seed will aggregate all of your information: your facebook
profile, tweets, anything. We are designing an easily extendable
plugin framework for Diaspora, so that whenever newfangled content
gets invented, it will be automagically integrated into every seed.
Now that you have your information in your seed, it will connect to
every service you used to have for you. For example, your seed will
keep pulling tweets and you will still be able to see your Facebook
newsfeed. In fact, Diaspora will make those services better! Upload an
image to Flickr and your seed can automatically generate a tweet from
the caption and link. Social networking will just get better when you
have control over your data.
A seed will not just be all your existing networks put together,
though. Decentralizing lets us reconstruct our ?social graphs? so that
they belong to us. Our real social lives do not have central managers,
and our virtual lives do not need them. Friend another seed and the
two of you can synchronize over a direct and secure connection instead
of through a superfluous hub. Encryption (privacy nerds: we?re using
GPG) will ensure that no matter what kind of content is being
transferred, you can share privately. Eventually, today?s hubs could
be almost entirely replaced by a decentralized network of truly
personal websites.

@_date: 2010-12-01 16:49:37
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P democracy? 
Hey Smari,
Sorry to hear you didnt get elected. You know you'd have had my vote.
2010/12/1 Sm?ri McCarthy :

@_date: 2010-12-19 12:12:16
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A History of the Internet and the Digital Future 
Has anyone had a look at this new book?
A History of the Internet and the Digital Future by Johnny Ryan
"The first book to describe the entire history of the Internet, from
the Cold War to the cloud. Reveals the trends that are shaping the
businesses, politics, and media of the digital future. Also analyses
the impact of the internet on the balance of power between the state
and the individual, and on issues of censorship and freedom of
Kevin F

@_date: 2010-12-21 14:44:44
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: <nettime> P2P Gift Credit Cards - Gift Finance. 
Press Release, 20 December 2010. London.
P2P Gift Credit Cards - Gift Finance.
This project proposes an alternative economy based on Peer-to-Peer
architecture for a more equal sharing of wealth in society. It offers
an innovative participative system using counterfeit virtual money.
Promotional AD:
Go on  and get your P2P Gift Credit Card
instantly, just by typing your email or cell phone number. When you
activate the card you get your first ?100 of gift credit! Other
rewards come every time you introduce a new friend!
About the P2P Gift Credit Cards:
By issuing a visionary type of credit card, the project introduces the
P2P Gift Finance system based on Peer-to-Peer free credit shared
across digital networks. The P2P Gift Finance is a democratic creation
of money directly regulated by ordinary people in order to
redistribute wealth in society. Power to create virtual money with a
multiplier effect should be restored to the people, and regulated by
democratic participation. It is recognised that the perpetual creation
of money is necessary, however, since there is a private monopoly on
the monetary system, it is proven to be unfair and is unlikely to ever
change without intervention. Indeed many theorists have pointed out
that allowing banks to create money is fundamentally unjust, unethical
and immoral.
Find out more about it:
More details:
The website P2PGiftCredit.com allows people to generate unique virtual
card numbers to send to others via digital devices and platforms. In
order to activate and use the P2P Gift Credit Cards users must
generate new virtual credit card numbers for friends. Rules like this
underline the idea of 'Sharing' a concept which defines the basis of
P2P Gift Finance and enables a viral spread of free credit among
people, generating a real alternative virtual credit that anyone can
own. This approach also simulates the distribution of free credit by
people as a form of "Basic Income", which may help to stimulate the
entire economy.
Find out more how it works:
A limited edition of physical plastic P2P Gift Credit Cards are
available by request on the P2PGiftCredit.com, and they will also be
distributed through public actions in London during the month of
January 2011.
You can see a preview of the printed card and its holder in this
Purpose of the project:
- Researching alternative virtual currencies, peer-to-peer lending
platforms and electronic payments as a positive step in reshaping the
future of sustainable finance in the contemporary digital networked
- Underlining the consequences of private speculative lending
institutions and explaining how they often determine economic crises
due to the deregulated creation of credit.
- Calling people to sign petitions to shut down tax havens, and to
investigate the bailout money that taxpayers recently paid to major
banks by supporting ongoing campaigns on this issue.
- Bringing "Basic Income" (as a form of universal, guaranteed, minimum
income) to public attention and the inequities of current patterns of
the redistribution of wealth into question.
- Targeting social classes vulnerable to the deceptive marketing of
the credit card industry (such as university students, artists, the
unemployed and people with low incomes) in order to highlight the
inherent dangers.
- Increasing awareness about global credit and debit owned by people
and banks during the recent so-called global recession, as well as
issues related to the creation of money.
If you would like to have more information about the recent so-called
"economic recession", the victims of global fraud, the artificial
scarcity of money, or, if you would like to know more about the credit
card industries, their criminal interest rates (which cause depression
and suicides), and more besides, you should have a look at the
Infoshop section which is a real treasure trove of information:
A project by Paolo Cirio.
(This project is commissioned by an anonymous arts organisation in the
At the end of January Paolo is going to release an explosive-top-
secret project! So stay tuned! It is not to be missed
# ?distributed via : no commercial use without permission
# ? ?is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
# ?collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
# ?more info: # ?archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-02-06 02:46:28
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How do we communicate the value of the commons? 
Hello All,
Michel I hope your health has improved.
Im writing a research proposal and Im a bit stuck my main interest is
in exploring the value of the commons for the developing world. But Im
getting hung up on that wonderful word 'value'.
How do we measure the value of the commons? Is it only as a negative
as savings and efficiencies in the monetary economy. I have a feeling
that such a valuation in itself is flawed. Is it sufficient or
appropriate to try and quantify the value of the commons in monetary
terms? I guess I mean that with the knowledge commons the 'use' value
is significant and primary while 'exchange' value is secondary (Im no
economist so please correct me if this sounds ridiculous).
If we are to look for support through the development of policy with
governments and international bodies how should we communicate the
importance of the commons if not in economic terms?
Here is an extract from what Ive been writing.
Today alternative commons based information economies exist alongside
the monetary economy. They meet and feed into each other in different
ways. Supporting and sustaining alternative economies based on the
exchange of common goods today often depends on valuing the commons in
terms of savings and financial efficiencies for the monetary economy.
How do we value the freely shared digital commons in conventional
economic terms is such a valuation even appropriate?
The value of the commons can not be measured simply in economic terms,
particularly in contexts beyond the capture of economic exchange. For
example within the family where a mother better informed about healthy
food chooses to improve the diet of her children or where a community
better informed about the instabilities of the global markets can plan
for community resilience. This is use value versus exchange value,
this kind of value tends to remain invisible in economies that measure
progress and wealth solely by GDP. If we are to find ways of
protecting the commons we must also find ways of communicating this
broader understanding of its value.
How massive are the efficiencies facilitated by Information
communication Technologies? if I took all my digital interactions for
today, I find it hard to imagine what it might have taken to perform
equivalent actions in lets say 1980.
Kevin F

@_date: 2010-02-13 14:25:28
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Pirate_Bay=92s_Peter_Sunde_Starts?= 
Pirate Bay?s Peter Sunde Starts Money Sharing Site
Flattr is a social micropayment system for people who share content on
the Internet

@_date: 2010-02-25 23:35:33
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [NetBehaviour] When using open source makes you 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
When using open source makes you an enemy of the state.
The US copyright lobby has long argued against open source software -
now Indonesia's in the firing line for encouraging the idea in
government departments.
It's only Tuesday and already it's been an interesting week for the
world of digital rights. Not only did the British government changed the
wording around its controversial 'three strikes' proposals, but the
secretive anti-counterfeiting treaty, Acta, was back in the headlines.
Meanwhile, a US judge is still deliberating over the Google book settlement.
As if all that wasn't enough, here's another brick to add to the
teetering tower of news, courtesy of Andres Guadamuz, a lecturer in law
at the University of Edinburgh.
Guadamuz has done some digging and discovered that an influential lobby
group is asking the US government to basically consider open source as
the equivalent of piracy - or even worse.
It turns out that the International Intellectual Property Alliance, an
umbrella group for organisations including the MPAA and RIAA, has
requested with the US Trade Representative to consider countries like
Indonesia, Brazil and India for its "Special 301 watchlist" because they
use open source software.
NetBehaviour mailing list
NetBehaviour at netbehaviour.org

@_date: 2010-01-20 20:49:38
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Knowledge Conference (OKCon) 2010: Call for 
Hey All,
This might be a good platform for promoting your various projects.
Kevin Flanagan
~~ Open Knowledge Conference (OKCon) 2010: Call for Proposals ~~
?* where: London, UK
?* when: Saturday 24th April, 2010
?* www: ?* last year: ?* cfp:  (deadline: Jan 31st 2010)
?* hashtag:  Introduction
OKCon, now in its fifth year, is the interdisciplinary conference that
brings together individuals from across the open knowledge spectrum for
a day of presentations and workshops.
Open knowledge promises significant social and economic benefits in a
wide range of areas from governance to science, culture to technology.
Opening up access to content and data can radically increase access and
reuse, improving transparency, fostering innovation and increasing
societal welfare.
This is a time of great change. In addition to high profile initiatives
such as Wikipedia, OpenStreetMap and the Human Genome Project, there is
enormous growth among open knowledge projects and communities at all
levels. Moreover, in the last year, many governments across the world
have begun opening up their data.
And it doesn't stop there. In academia, open access to both publications
and data has been gathering momentum, and similar calls to open up
learning materials have been heard in education. Furthermore this
gathering flood of open data and content is the creator and driver of
massive technological change. How can we make this data available, how
can we connect it together, how can we use it collaborate and share our
Join us to discuss all of this and more!
 Topics
We welcome proposals on any aspect of creating, publishing or reusing
content or data that is open in accordance with
 Topics include but are not limited to:
 Technology
?* Semantic Web and Linked Data in relation to open knowledge
?* Platforms, methods and tools for creating, sharing and curating open
? knowledge
?* Light-weight, adaptive interaction models
?* Open, decentralized social network applications
?* Open geospatial data
 Law, Society and Democracy
?* Open Licensing, Legal Tools and the Public Domain
?* Open government data and content (public sector information)
?* Open knowledge and international development
?* Opening up access to the law
 Culture and Education
?* Open educational tools and resources
?* Business models for open content
?* Incentive and rewards open-knowledge contributors
?* Open textbooks
?* Public domain digitisation initiatives
 Science and Research
?* Opening up scientific data
?* Supporting scientific workflows with open knowledge models
?* Open models for scientific innovation, funding and publication
? ('open-access')
?* Tools for analysing and visualizing open data
?* Open knowledge in the humanities
 Submission Details
?* Submission deadline: January 31st 2010
?* Notification of acceptance: March 1st
?* Camera-ready papers due: March 31st
We are accepting three types of submissions:
?1. Full papers of 5-10 pages describing novel strategies, tools,
? ?services or best-practices related to open knowledge.
?2. Extended talk abstracts of 2-4 pages focusing on novel ideas,
? ?ongoing work and upcoming research challenges.
?3. Proposals for short talks and demonstrations
OKCon will implement an open submission and reviewing process. To make a
submission visit:
?* Depending on the assessment of the submissions by the programme
committee and external reviewers, submissions will be accepted either as
full, short or lightning/poster presentations.
Proceedings of OKCON will be published at  If you
want your submission to be included in the conference proceedings you
have to prepare a manuscript of your submission according to the LNCS
 Programme Committee
?* S?ren Auer, AKSW/Universit?t Leipzig
?* Christopher Corbin, UK Advisory Board on Public Sector Information
?* Adnan Hadzi and Andrea Rota, Goldsmiths College, University of London
?* Claudia M?ller-Birn, Carnegie Mellon University
?* Peter Murray-Rust, University of Cambridge
?* Rufus Pollock, Open Knowledge Foundation and Emmanuel College,
? University of Cambridge
?* Joseph Seddon, Wikimedia UK
?* John Wilbanks, Science Commons
Jonathan Gray
Community Coordinator
The Open Knowledge Foundation
Twitter/Identica: jwyg
fc-uk-discuss mailing list
fc-uk-discuss at lists.okfn.org

@_date: 2010-01-22 20:33:15
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
Hey Michel and all,
Ive put together a post for the blog on the Eye Writer
 . I set it up to go live Monday afternoon.
I couldn't figure out how to embed the vimeo video
 maybe James or someone else on the list can
help me out with this and I can fix it before the post goes live.
I'll try to get another out later in the week.
Get well soon Michel
Kevin Flanagan

@_date: 2010-06-07 09:25:52
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Scanners=2C_collectors_and_aggreg?= 
Scanners, collectors and aggregators. On the ?underground movement? of
(pirated) theory text sharing

@_date: 2010-03-30 15:23:31
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Versions P2P Art 
Hello All,
Some p2p art for you :)
'Versions' a video by artist Oliver Laric is a meditation on multiple
realities and transformations of images as they are shared and
Would this be appropriate for the blog as it contains some pornographic imagery?
Kevin Flanagan

@_date: 2010-05-07 19:04:44
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer-to-Peer Collaborative Possibilities? 
Hey James,
I just spotted your thread with Michel.
I wrote to you a few weeks ago about the GYOML book after hearing the
Furtherfield interview.
I'd like to welcome you to the P2P community.
It would be great if you could write something about Access Space for the blog.
You might also like to take part in discussions on the P2Presearch list.
Im sure you'll find many people that share your interests.
Myself Ive written the odd blog post and since you mentioned Brazil
and ICT I thought you might find this of interest
Id contribute more but writing is not something that comes easy to me.
I recently wrote a short Phd proposal to conduct research on P2P
education and ICT in development but never submitted it.
My background is in the arts and my chances of getting it where slim
as I have no formal experience in either ICT or development.
Another time perhaps.
Here are some other discussions and posts that might be of interest.
Pamela McLean from  is also interested in P2P
ICT and development.
Kevin Flanagan

@_date: 2010-05-16 13:08:12
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Politics of Open Source Conference 
Some interesting research here worth a look
Aaron Shaw
Insurgent Expertise: The Politics of Free/Livre and Open Source
Software in Brazil

@_date: 2010-05-20 22:54:29
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] special issue on governance and property 
Hey Michel,
It will be a few days before I get a chance to have a read.
Busy family weekend. My brother is getting married tomorrow.
Have you a date in mind for the blog?
Now back to my best mans speech :)

@_date: 2010-09-26 18:47:49
@_author: Kevin Flanagan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] feral trade outside commercial networks 
Hey Ruth ,Michel, Kate, Sepp,
The conversation fired a few neurons so I'll add my 2 cents.
"to what degree is this 'only' an art project?"
Its a fair question Michel
What are the artists intentions? Where do they begin and or end?
Is what is presented in the gallery space solely a performance for
that space and its audience
or does the artist intend for their ideas to inspire action beyond the
gallery and if so at what point does ownership over that activity
cease to belong to the artist and does it then cease to be art? Why
does it need to be art at all?
Ruth I like your response
Its refreshing
Why cant it be both?
Is it more a question of what terms we choose to think about it in?
I think its fair to say we can take the Feral Trade project on face value.
It would be really interesting to hear Kate's thoughts on all this. I
have a feeling there are some interesting stories behind it.
I'm curious about this Banking idea ... has me thinking .. what on
earth people do with all the coins and currency they bring home from
holidays and cant exchange at the bank.... could it be traded too? Why
not? :)
On another tangent.....regarding conceptions of what art is...
Suspicions among the general public around art particularly the
mainstream commercial art world are well justified.
However art spaces and galleries are different things to different
people. There are many art worlds.
Before the internet before everyone got online, art spaces and
galleries were one of the few alternative public spaces to encounter
and discuss new and different ideas other than those handed down from
mainstream media outlets.
The flow of information and ideas in the pre-networked world was much
more controlled.
In this world spaces for free expression were like oasis in a desert
of mainstream media representations.
The privilege of access to such a space, the special autonomy granted
to artists by society was a big responsibility.
Now that you are free to express yourself what are you going to do
with that freedom? Not an easy question to answer.
(I don't want to over romanticize this notion of artists as guardians
of free expression or as avant garde. The art worlds inflated sense of
self importance can be a bit much so its important not to take these
things too seriously, all with a pinch of salt as they say.) At the
same time I think it is fair to say that this is part of the idea of
what an art space/gallery is about that we as artists inherit today..
Back to free expression. Today on the other hand we are spoiled for
choice. The internet has extended our ability to communicate and to
express ourselves so much, that its almost trivial, anyone can join
the discussion find a community of interest, start a blog, sign up to
a list, this throws my particular notion about the role of artist and
art space into question. No harm..
The colonization of public space in our cities by commercial interests
has intensified. Artists and artist led initiatives are often priced
out of city centre locations. But some survive and alternative art
spaces and galleries still hold physical spaces in our cities for
people to come together (often with the help of Arts Council funding)
but today the conversation is broader
this is what I find so interesting about the hackerspace and maker movements.
Ruth I really enjoyed the Furtherfield interview with James Wallbank
of Access Space a few months back.
I'm reminded of something he said like about what happens in the space ...
'sometimes people make stuff that is definitely art and sometimes its not'
I think this resonates a lot with the conception of art as a diversion
or as a hobby as opposed to art as a commodity. While such terms might
be problematic for some 'professional' artists it does have a more
modest bottom up feel.
Art spaces and hackerspaces have lots in common and can certainly
learn from one another.
Physical spaces where people come together to share, learn, be
creative together is what its all about, such spaces can produce many
different things, they can produce art too.
Physical spaces and face to face communities are still really important.
What if what appears as art is just one part of a larger creative
process and conversation.
Like a kind of overflow.
An art space as a place for things that do not quite fit or fully know
their place yet in the greater scheme of things..
Where rough cut notions can grow ripe like fruit..
Art like everything is an evolving idea
Oh the poetry
PS (I get caught up for far to long writing..such that I would be
embarrassed to tell you how long I spent with this response ..I spend
a lot of time reading over and deleting things...nothing flows.... I
think I'm probably a bit dyslexic.. and its why I don't write more
often... anyway I hope this makes some sense.. I might as well post it
now :)
