
@_date: 2009-04-05 04:45:40
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Frightening but easily beaten.
This is Sarkozy's little mutant brainchild, looks like the EU has rejected
it yet again, this is about the fourth time it's been dragged up in EU
circles and it's been soundly defeated every time.
If it ever were implemented, all file-sharers would have to do is switch to
encrypted file-sharing to get around it.
no doubt there are dozens of others out there already.
More worrying perhaps, given that this one is a non-starter, is the proposal
for EU-wide blocking of suspect sites.
This is already operated by some governments and by most ISP's in a lot of
the EU (including Britain, Finland, Denmark), and the system is so
unaccountable that it leads necessarily to abuse.  While it is only meant to
filter out illegal porn, it's been subject to mission creep pretty much
everywhere, both official and unofficial.
Official:  "terror linked" sites and "hate" material are among the supposed
targets to which it's quickly extended.  Peer-to-peer is another obvious
target.  PirateBay has been added to the blacklist some places, Denmark and
Italy for example.  They also tend to quickly add sites which expose and
criticise the lists.  For instance, parts of Wikileaks are blocked in
Australia.  Future targets are likely to include dissident political sites,
hacking information, etc.
There have previously been proposals for EU-wide blocking of sites which
"advocate violence", such as our colleague Chris Knight.
Unofficial:  cracked sites with dodgy temporary redirects (such as happened
to ZMag), or large hosting venues with problems on one page, are taken down
by mistake, will not know they are on the list as it's secret and hence have
no actionable right to appeal.  In Britain, the scale of web censorship was
recently revealed when the Internet Watch Foundation, an unaccountable
private body which oversees blocking for 95% of IP's, ended up effectively
blocking editorial access to Wikipedia over an album cover on one page.  In
Finland, the global IP assigner was briefly blocked.  In Australia, the list
of banned links (precedent to their great firewall) was shown to include a
US anti-abortion campaign site, several local businesses whose sites had
been briefly hacked, pages on Wikipedia, Lolcats, etc.  There was even talk
of prosecuting the people who published the list!
These kinds of firewalls are technically easy to circumvent for people with
computer knowledge (using proxies, private networks etc), so their main
effect will be stifling free speech and visibility of dissent, making it
hard for example for a random interested citizen to find out what anarchists
think.  China and Iran have been doing it for ages, but their net users are
very savvy and their censorship too obvious to go unnoticed.

@_date: 2009-04-06 02:41:20
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I don't think it's France as a country - it's Sarkozy in particular, and the
grouping of social forces he represents (i.e. the domestic insertion of
transnational capital, + the "deep state).  The French right has
traditionally been dominated by the Gaullists - nationalist conservatives on
a paternalistic Christian-democrat model.  Sarkozy, "The American" as he is
known, has the backing of the Gaullist coalition but is not a Gaullist and
does not belong to the Gaullist parties - he is a hard-core neoliberal.
I was pretty shocked at his election actually, as he stands for everything
the French (including the right-wing French) hate about the state of the
world.  Apparently his election victory was largely because, unlike previous
Gaullist candidates, he was able to pull in the far-right Le Pen vote in the
second round, because of his vicious racist and authoritarian views (it has
been traditional in France for Le Pen's voters, whatever Le Pen's wishes, to
transfer their votes to the Socialists in the second round because of their
hostility to globalisation).  Not surprisingly, once in power his popularity
has slumped - this was happening even before the credit crunch which has
hurt him further.  The unrest at the Strasbourg summit was described in one
of the media outlets as "the third credit crunch riot in France this year";
before this he faced a massive strike wave in November 2007 and student
occupations last year.  He has had to do a U-turn on his plans to crack down
on the banlieues and delay (possibly abandon) his education "reforms".
Like most neoliberals, he's very attracted to the "control society" model -
he lobbies constantly in the EU for this kind of thing.  The "three strikes"
policy was initially a domestic proposal.  He has introduced plans for an ID
card along the proposed British model (France currently has a basic low-tech
ID card) but seems to be waiting on how the British scheme pans out; he
apparently went along with EU proposals introduced by the British regime, to
insist that all existing ID cards add biometrics.  He was also behind an
ASBO-style "delinquency" law during his time as Interior Minister, expansion
of the French DNA database, use of "terror" laws against anarchists last
winter, threatened very cruel responses to strikers in 2007 and pushed a ban
on underage drinking (formerly rather tolerated in France).  When he got in,
I had him down as France's Thatcher - someone who was going to try to
destroy social resistance and impose a neoliberal model across society.  But
he seems to have realised his limits somewhat, and is now doing this kind of
thing by sneaky means.
It seems to be a growing pattern actually, that sneaky governments are using
the EU to push through things that would be harder to do domestically -
first they propose, support, or don't lobby against a proposal at
intergovernmental meetings carried out between leaders; then they come back
with an EU policy and say, sorry, we've got no choice, the EU are making us
do it.  The worst thing they have on the books at the moment is EU-wide
RFID-equipped biometric passports by 2019, containing fingerprints.  These
are already being implemented in countries which would likely never have
passed them domestically (e.g. Germany, Greece, Sweden, Romania).  I'm
hoping this falls apart before 2019 - apparently it is completely unsafe -
RFIDs have been cracked and edited, fingerprint scanners have been shown to
be easily foolable with ?20 of basic resources and the whole scheme is
vastly expensive.
I would not be at all surprised if it turns out that Sarkozy has vested
interests in the recording industry and ID-tech, the same way it eventually
emerged that Blunkett had a job set up with an ID card company.

@_date: 2009-04-08 12:48:10
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
The Chinese political model is very close to fascism (nominally Stalinist
but pretty much contentless in that regard) - bear in mind the
state-controlled media, world's biggest firewall, one-party state, vicious
policing of dissent, bans on opponents and minorities (Falun Gong, Tibet,
Xinjiang, Tiananmen Square), "biopolitical" practices such as organ
harvesting, literally massive use of the death penalty after unfair trials,
everyday control such as street wardens, etc.  Worryingly, David Harvey
argues that China's success has led to the corrosion of liberal democracy in
America, Britain, Europe etc - once capitalists realise they don't need
liberal democracy, they dispense with it.  The summit "red zone" model is
partly developed from Chinese practices (keeping protests out of view of
leaders - a practice demanded by the Chinese during state visits) and so are
some of the neo-totalitarian practices elsewhere (e.g. Britain now has
Chinese-style police wardens).  This said, China's regime is also suffering
from the impact of technologies which make censorship difficult - they've
had to liberalise both their protest control model and their media
censorship model recently, and are facing a wave of protests and unrest each
year - given the lack of formal channels, protests in China nearly always
turn into mass revolt with police routed and official buildings/vehicles
torched or trashed, and with tools like proxies in widespread use, the
regime is finding it impossible to suppress public knowledge of events (in
contrast to Tiananmen, which I gather from word of mouth is still not public
knowledge in China).
I also suspect the Chinese economic / development model is short-lived -
it's a rehashing of the Korean-Taiwanese-Indonesian-Malaysian-Singaporean
models, cheap sweatshop production for export, which went into crisis in
these other countries and is vulnerable to undercutting the moment standards
of living or currency values start to rise.  The (relative) stability of the
regime is mainly based on its economic (relative) success, and will collapse
the moment some of the longer-term effects of its development trajectory
manifest themselves - notably massive urbanisation due to land grabs, mass
unemployment and shortages - all of which have been deferred by slowing the
process of dispossession of the peasantry (and by other means such as
population "control"), but which are manifest in most of the instances of
revolt (often in rural areas and focused on land grabs, pollution,
corruption, brutality and mistreatment).
The Finnish model would seem to be rather different - a niche model based on
high-value-added skilled production and rents on resource extraction - and
while I'd be delighted to see the rest of Europe become more like Finland, I
wonder if this isn't a continuation of the German and Japanese economic
model of the 80s and early 90s.  For a long time this model was posited as
the main alternative to neoliberal capitalism because Germany and Japan were
outshining America and Britain, but it disappeared from the discourse on
economic models when both countries went into crisis in the 90s (Germany
largely because of reunification, Japan along with Korea etc, because of
punishment of East Asia by neoliberal stock-marketeers).  Germany, Japan,
Korea, even Denmark and Sweden have since moved towards more neoliberal
models, though none of them are anywhere near as neoliberal as Britain or
I think something akin to fascism (at least to the "normalised" kind of
fascism or Stalinism which existed, say, in Spain or Czechoslovakia in the
70s), which I term neo-totalitarianism, is coming into existence, indeed
already exists, in Britain, and possibly also America, Australia etc, and is
sadly rather expansive at the moment (countries like Holland, Greece,
France, Denmark are moving in the same direction albeit from further away to
begin with).  I think it's similar to totalitarianism because of the
micro-regulation of everyday life, the impossibility of "legal and tolerated
opposition" beyond a very limited sphere (dissent automatically renders one
a "dissident" and at risk), the promotion of a near-monolithic public
discourse, the unshackling of various state agencies to operate with
impunity and without effective limits, the rejection of limits to state
power in relation to various professions and groups (lawyers, journalists,
academics, doctors, etc), the creation of agencies of political and
microsocial policing/control, extremely harsh surveillance and punishment
practices, requirements to adopt a model of the subject (neoliberal
"employable" citizen) as a condition of social inclusion, and the systematic
denial of liberal and democratic values (albeit disguised as affirmation of
these values - one might speak of de jure democracy alongside de facto
totalitarianism).  There are only three ways in which Britain today differs
from classical totalitarianisms of this kind: it still has a nominally
multi-party system, it still has a nominally free press, and it still has
some judicial limits in terms of human rights.  I suspect these are all due
to insertion in the EU system and especially the ECHR, and further, that
only the third is really disruptive at all - the main parties are now really
sub-factions of a ruling party (similar to the electoral factions in Iran),
and the media is so successfully integrated that direct media control is not
needed, being replaced by subtle media control (it is the case that minor
parties and media are periodically persecuted and even shut down, as with
al-Muhajiroun, the Indymedia server raids etc; street activities of small
parties have been viciously attacked, so small parties and media have mainly
survived via the Internet - which of course, is notoriously hard to
control).  Neo-totalitarianism does practice very effective media control in
terms of how the regime's frame infiltrates and spreads to the population
through the media - acceptance of categories such as extremism, security
concerns, a constant terrorist threat, various feared Others, "preachers of
hate", "Osama bin Laden's right-hand man in Europe" and tropes of this
kind...  through the way repression is used by the media as proof of a
problem needing repression (3000 under-fives excluded for offences such as
"threatening behaviour" and "sexual misconduct" is universally taken as
proof of growing indiscipline rather than ridiculous repressiveness)...
granted they cannot control the Internet or samizdat media, but nor could
the classical totalitarianisms control the media of their day - nearly
everyone in Nazi Germany listened to BBC World Service radio broadcasts for
The model seems to be spreading, though not from efficiency (it has been
economically disastrous for all the countries which have tried it) - more
because neo-totalitarian regimes act as a focus of attraction for
authoritarians and "deep states" elsewhere, and because they viciously
promote their own regime-type through international institutions.
Ultimately I think it has the same flaws in economic terms as classical
totalitarianism - it can make very systematic, programmed use of the latest
economic forms for awhile, but it is unable to pioneer new models or forms
due to its social closure, and has difficulties adapting to new models or
forms from elsewhere (look at the fear instilled in such regimes by the
Internet for instance), plus it is horribly corrupt (out-of-control
individual power-holders and institutionalised quasi-corporations can
extract resources with impunity), and it is unable to produce effective
commitment, only a kind of grudging conformity out of fear (of the regime or
of its others), which hits its ability to perform in sectors requiring
active worker commitment (I've witnessed first-hand the horrible decline of
British academia and earlier of schooling along these lines, the replacement
of self-motivation with kafkaesque standards and procedures which homogenise
at a very low level the process of intellectual production) - but it will
seek, and is seeking, to prolong a kind of decadent primacy in spite of its
lack of economic vigour, by means of military control, blackmail,
imperialism, etc.  Capitalism relies on addition as well as subtraction of
axioms - it depends on life-flows for its force, even though it also has to
contain and exploit these flows - and neo-totalitarianism cuts off or
decomposes flows to such a degree as to take away the life-force (it grows,
I think, from the statist as much as the capitalist logic).  I also suspect
that, while in the short-term it has drastically decomposed movements of
protest and resistance, in the long-term it will lead to the emergence of
more militant autonomous movements, from a generation growing up with the
regime and fed up of it.  (I say this because early types of similar regimes
can be detected in the emergence of autonomous movements in Italy, Germany,
Japan, Greece, Latin America and eastern Europe in earlier periods -
sometimes inducing liberalisations of these societies).
The model you're discussing, Ryan, sounds to me very similar to the idea of
the "global city" in Sassen (to a lesser degree also the diffuse smoothed
capitalism of Hardt/Negri and William Robinson).  Where I think it differs
is that the "global city" model is actually very exclusionary - a few nodes
become very dense sites of capitalist intersections while most others are
marginalised; so one ends up with a dense web of small local sites drawing
in resources from a massive, geographically proximate periphery.  Since the
periphery gains little from this, and since neoliberalism undermines the old
mechanisms of integration (patronage, buy-offs, developmental nationalism,
etc), the centrifugal forces of the periphery are pulling away from the
global cities, resisting the extraction of resources for use in these core
nodes (think of MEND, Tata Nano, Chiapas, Bougainville, Papua, Manipur, the
piqueteros, Niger's Tuareg, NWFP, etc etc).  Rural China already has a
similar status, and I would not rule out the margins of Europe (semi-core
sites such as Finland) or margins within European countries (such as the
British North) and within America (such as Michigan, Illinois, and the west
and south) developing along the same lines.  I see the space of alternatives
emerging in this periphery through delinking and relinking (transversality),
the assertion or re-emergence of indigenous and ecological forms of life
combined with the creation of new kinds of transversal connection between
otherwise disconnected localities by means of tool-like technologies such as
the Internet.  What I'd hope to see is a kind of network of affinities and
resonances where an attack by the system (the global cities and their
military allies) at any one point produces negative effects throughout the
entire web of delinked and partially delinked sites.  Also hopefully a
reconfiguration of technologies to disempower the core sites (negation of
the advantages of air power is crucial - this is currently the core's one
form of reach into marginal areas).

@_date: 2009-04-08 17:52:24
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
I suspect you?d find plenty of Marxists who would quarrel with the claim
that classical fascism was independent from finance capital.  However, I
don?t term today?s regimes fascist in the literal sense, I term them
?neo-totalitarian? meaning they have many of the features of totalitarianism
but in a new combination.  The big difference from classical
totalitarianisms is that neo-totalitarianism is closely tied up with
capitalism as such?  not so much with racialism and the petty-bourgeoisie,
or with bureaucratic anti-capitalism?  I see it converging however, with the
Chinese model and the likes of Malaysia and Singapore.
However, I think current regimes attempt thought control through political
uses of the media, education etc, and that they do attempt to ?use the state
in a radical/revolutionary way?, namely the reconstruction of subjectivities
as conformist, ?employable? etc.  This is the difference between ?Third Way?
social control and classical neoliberalism.  I think if you subtract the
aspects of polyarchy, nominal independence of the media and formal rights
protections, and bracket out the content of the ideology imposed,
neo-totalitarianism is almost indistinguishable from classical
totalitarianism (at least in its ?weaker? form, in Brezhnev?s Russia or
eastern Europe for example).  Perhaps the mistake is made that
totalitarianism is assumed to be something it isn?t?  for instance that it
could only possibly apply to things like high Stalinism or wartime Nazism,
and not their successors and little brothers; and the false assumption that
totalitarians actually sought to destroy ALL space of dissent (rather than
to drastically narrow its expression) and that they succeeded in total
thought control (which empirical research has shown was not achieved even in
high Stalinism or wartime Nazism).  I think the biggest resistance in
recognising regimes like contemporary Britain as neo-totalitarian is that
people balk at the idea that a totalitarian regime can also have de jure
features of liberal democracy ? yet the Nazis retained aspects of the
architecture of Weimar institutions, and Stalin introduced the world?s most
democratic constitution.
Key to totalitarianism is the attempt at total mobilisation of society
within a state-controlled scheme (high-intensity passive revolution), with
zero tolerance for difference, general closure of social space and a
requirement of active participatory conformity (not simply an absence of
active revolt).  This aspect, which differentiates totalitarianism both from
(even the most degenerated) liberal-democracies and from conservative
authoritarianisms (based on patronage), is certainly present in regimes like
Britain.  To be included, one has to accept the mantras of ?employability?,
anti-?crime? fanaticism and so on.  And everyday life is micro-regulated in
very minute ways, greater if anything than historical totalitarianisms ?
cameras on every corner, DNA and fingerprint databases, card-access systems,
constant state propaganda through ?public information? posters, mobilisation
of fear by the state PR machine through a pliant media, etc.  The included
are supposed to be *totally mobilised* in the regime ? not only as providers
of abstract labour-power but as self-motivated learners, possessers of
?skills? (a kind of doublespeak, meaning to have a particular ?attitude? and
way of communicating, meaning to hold a particular conception of the world)
which fit with neoliberal capitalism, reacting as ?any decent person? would
react to the climate of fear, avoiding any association with ?extremism?,
participating in mechanisms of regulation such as reporting ?anti-social
behaviour? and taking part in regulated forms of ?community?, etc.  And any
deviance, however small, is instantly taken to be completely outside the
field of legitimacy ? not just a little bit naughty but absolutely abhorrent
and needing to be stamped out with zero tolerance.  So we get the ?dissident
phenomenon? similar to the ?anti-Spain? in Francoism or the ?dissidents? in
eastern Europe ? those who are not totally inside are very radically
outside, and potentially at risk.
Even if you've a problem with the idea of Britain or America being
totalitarian, surely the status of China leaves little to the imagination?

@_date: 2009-04-09 13:13:09
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
Well, this discussion might have to wait till we both have time to discuss
it properly.
But I?m inclined to think the statement (about China), ?many alternatives
are possible, as long as you not directly challenge the rule of the party?,
would be true most of the time in post-49 China, in Russia after the death
of Stalin in 1953, in most of eastern Europe most of the time, in Franco?s
Spain and Mussolini?s Italy.  But with qualifiers which also apply to China
today:  that the definition of what constitutes a ?challenge? lies with the
rulers, and can include pretty innocuous peaceful societal activities (Falun
Gong for example, or waving a Tibetan or Taiwanese flag); that the risks
involved in being deemed to be ?challenging the rule of the party? or the
state are extreme, the punishments severe; that the space for alternatives
is far less if one is deemed part of the ?anti-nation?; and that the
alternatives are possible only at the level of ideas, and are suppressed the
moment any attempt is made to realise them.  So if this typifies
authoritarianism and not totalitarianism, then totalitarianism becomes
almost nonexistent in history, referring to only two cases ? Nazi Germany
and high Stalinism in Russia.
Has there been ?a severe social defeat of popular and democratic forces??  I
think this would be a fair depiction of the situation in Britain (recent
resurgence notwithstanding), predicated first on the Miners? Strike and then
the recourse to highly repressive policing of the Mayday protests.  There?s
been a dearth of any kind of widespread resistance or protest from about
2002 to the present day.  And the remaining dissident forces ? numbering a
few thousand perhaps, and very much demonised ? have been attempting to
recompose in a climate where any public dissident activity faces instant
I?d similarly argue that there was never an *absence *of dissenting forces
during any of the other totalitarian regimes, from contemporary China (the
resurgence of urban unrest and persistent Tibetan and Xinjiang separatism)
through Francoist Spain (persistent anti-regime protests and counterculture)
to high Stalinism (peasant resistance and insurgency from marginal
nationalities) and Nazism (movements like White Rose, Edelweiss Pirates, the
early AFA, etc, not to mention resistance in the occupied countries).  It?s
more a difference in *status *of the dissenting forces ? in all these
regimes, the dissenting forces operate as ?dissidents? in a hostile climate,
at considerable risk and outside the social mainstream, whereas in a
democratic regime (even a degenerated/authoritarian democratic regime) they
would normally be safe unless they were accused of particular acts.
The boundary between totalitarianism and authoritarianism is contentious,
but I?d associate the term ?authoritarian? with a kind of regime found
commonly in the global South and historically in Europe, in which the
political ruling elite is part and parcel of a wider social Establishment
composed of conservative/reactionary classes (landowners, comprador or
extractive capitalists, military elite, judiciary, civil servants,
professionals) and in which the political regime exercises power mainly to
maintain and administer the broader social rule of the Establishment.
power, as distinct from political power, is composed mainly of ?concentrated
informal sanctions? and is exercised through patronage, unequal control of
resources, prestige, and cultural conservatism.  In contrast, I?d associate
totalitarianism with rule by a political class which has separated itself
from other social forces to a substantial degree, connected to a
?modernising? project which is more bourgeois than ?quasi-feudal?.  It gets
more complicated I think.  There are cases where the two come very close to
one another (Franco?s Spain for instance, and several of the Latin American
dictatorships), but there are clear differences of type.  There is an
intermediary case of ?army-states? where the military holds extensive power
in the state and intervenes in politics, where it is a social as well as a
political power (not simply a political class), but where it is coextensive
with a wider elite rather than accountable to it (Russia, Turkey, Pakistan).
There are also times when some authoritarian regimes may be crueller, less
tolerant, and worse in human rights terms than some totalitarian regimes.
But the point here is whether ?authoritarian? is a better designator than
?totalitarian? for a certain group of regimes.  I don?t think that what I?m
calling neo-totalitarian regimes fit with this model at all.  For one thing,
Peter Oborne?s book ?The Triumph of the Political Class?, from someone with
clear affinities to the Establishment, would seem to debunk the view that
the Establishment still holds political power in Britain.  For another, the
social composition behind authoritarianism is typical of ?quasi-feudal?
societies, exhibiting slow economic growth or stagnation, in which
established classes impede or channel capital accumulation to reinforce
their own power and prevent instability.  I would also expect an
authoritarian regime to contain substantial ?checks and balances?, but of a
kind which hand power to the Establishment classes and elites.  And I?d
expect elite groups outside the state to be given considerable immunity and
official respect.  The traditional British unwritten constitution actually
conforms to an authoritarian model quite closely ? checking the power of the
political elite by means such as the unelected House of Lords, extensive
judicial power using common law, local autonomy of each police authority
(implicitly connected to local elites), a large interpretive role for the
civil service with its inflexible appointment procedures, independence of
schools, universities, doctors, etc.  A contemporary example might be
somewhere like Thailand, with an elite-linked judiciary able to dismiss
governments, the army periodically intervening in politics on the side of
the elite, and police chiefs as concerned to represent elite interests as to
obey their political superiors.  Yet, what we have seen recently in Britain,
America and elsewhere is a corrosion of all checks and balances, including
those which hand power to the Establishment.  Indeed, the Establishment as a
social force seems to be decomposing.  The professions are not at all shown
respect, quite the opposite ? they are subject to increasingly severe
surveillance and micro-regulation (proposals in Britain for doctors to be
re-tested every five years and certified by the state instead of the BMA
being a case in point).
Your point that things could get even worse is certainly valid.  But I?d
question whether things would need a qualitative change to reach the depths
of the most extreme kinds of totalitarianism.  I feel it would only need a
quantitative change, a more systematic, even crueller application of
existing categories and ?powers?.  For instance, the proscription of
dissident organisations, the periodic arrest and harsh sentencing of
dissident ?leaders? and a portion of the membership, mistreatment in
custody, arrest for expression of opinions, systematic denial of all rights
while in prison or even on release (?control orders?), extensive
surveillance, constant vulnerability to pretext or suspicion raids, are
already suffered by the radical Muslim political movement in Britain.  It
would only take an executive decision, not a change of regime or even of
law, to extend this to other categories of dissidents.  If that happened,
anyone who professed (say) anarchist or Marxist views could be locked up, or
at least purged.  There?s very little limit, too, to what could be done with
the ASBO regime in regard to banning and harshly criminalising any type of
social activity the executive decided to target.  In America, an equivalent
would be the use of the ?enemy combatant? designation, or of already
existing powers to strip citizenship for political reasons.  Which doesn?t
leave very much they CAN?T do.  They could probably even set up death camps
if they wanted (though not being racialist regimes, I doubt they will ?
they?re quite happy with detention/torture camps such as Guantanamo).
There are a few things that, at present, they don?t do.  They don?t execute,
they don?t usually open fire on protesters, they don?t carry out mass
arrests, they don?t generally detain in camps (actually China does execute
on a huge scale, and America too; and both also detain in camps, but let?s
stick with Britain for now).  But I think this is because they?ve found more
publicity-friendly variants of the same practices.  For instance, instead of
executing, they give ?indefinite? (life) sentences, or keep people on
?control? regimes which could lead to re-imprisonment at any time.  They
don?t open fire, but they extensively abuse ?less lethal? weapons, sometimes
fatally.  They ?corral? as an alternative to mass arrests.  They use
detention centres instead of camps.  And there are also things that
neo-totalitarians can do, which classic totalitarians cannot.  For instance,
the surveillance regime is far more intrusive now, and the former limits on
the frequency of things like ID card checks are being eliminated by

@_date: 2009-04-10 17:09:16
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: UK Research Funding with Non Academics ? 
You realise they don't quite mean what they say though?  Application beyond
the university means usefulness to neoliberal capitalism.
"The UK should narrow its research effort to key areas that boost the
economy and deliver economic benefits, Lord Drayson, the Science Minister,
has said."
The AHRB is playing catch-up because obviously the neoliberal project
sidelines arts and humanities (along with "pure" sciences and critical
scholarship) in favour of applied science and especially government
subsidies for business research.  But their statement is very much within
the framework of neoliberal gleichschaltung.

@_date: 2009-04-13 00:09:24
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
Ryan (and maybe Michel), I assure you guys it's not hyperbole on my part, I
have serious conceptual reasons for what I'm saying.  Please don't assume
bad faith.
I'd also add that I'm referring specifically to America (under Bush),
Britain and a few other cases here (Israel, maybe Australia, to some degree
Italy and Spain but without the capacity to really realise the model), as
well as perhaps a few cases of dictatorships (e.g. China, Iran), NOT to the
whole of western Europe - Sarkozy, Rasmussen, Karamanlis and their ilk would
certainly LIKE to realise this social form but will have to smash some very
strong and impressive social movements to manage it.  There are some sectors
of the EU which seem to aspire to turn the whole of Europe into an instance
of this model, but this remains a future matter.
The dispute seems to be twofold - first of all, I'm using the term
"neototalitarianism" to mean the reproduction of totalitarian traits in all
but a few spheres - exceptions being the maintenance of media freedom,
multiparty systems, some rights protections.  Secondly there is a
substantive dispute over how intrusive or powerful the regime is, or can
become (and whether this is relevant to its designation).
Taking the first point first.  You guys seem to be saying that these
exceptions are actually fundamental to the concepts concerned, that
something can't be totalitarian without for instance prohibiting all
dissident speech.  In a sense, fair enough - it's about fixity of language
vs conceptual slippage or expansion - but the choice of terms does not
negate the concept - perhaps you would rather use the term "national
security state" or "control society" or whatever; then simply  translate my
term "neototalitarianism" as the same concept under a different name.
Personally I think my name for it is good for three reasons - firstly the
big similarities in spite of the differences, secondly that the ethical
position of dissent and of the subject is similar in this form as in
totalitarianism, and thirdly that the strategic field for dissent is very
similar, i.e. that writings on resistance in totalitarian regimes seem to me
to be rather closer to the situation of residual dissent in Britain today
than writings on social movements in liberal-democracies or authoritarian
regimes.  I think there are A LOT of similarities.  I have in mind things
like the terror arrest regime, ASBOs, the prohibition of "harassment" (taken
to mean offensive speech), the corrosion of professional autonomy across a
range of spheres, "control orders", various imprecise legal categories,
flooding city centres with police and "wardens", the ID database and ID card
plans, expanded police impunity, etc.  Also the way the government has fused
with the police, security services and managers, and the ways civil society
and micro-institutions of the state have been turned into organs of state
policy.  Personally I'm very afraid here.  I remember
authoritarian-degenerated liberal-democracy from the 1990s, and it just
doesn't FEEL like that any more, it feels a lot more sinister.
I have to say I'm perplexed as to why, given the other similarities, the
neototalitarians haven't shut down the independent press, opposition
parties, and human rights protections.  Part of the reason is that they
don't need to - they aren't sufficiently threatened to want to.  But a
classical totalitarian might shut them down anyway.  Another part is that
their plausibility is increased if pliant opposition media, parties etc are
allowed to operate.  But this is more what one would expect an authoritarian
regime seeking democratic legitimacy to do.  Actually I think they've got
more clever this time - they divide political groups, the media and "civil
society" into those which accept the dominant ideology and those which
don't.  Those which do, are tolerated and allowed to operate largely
unharassed, though with a threat over their heads (c.f. the raids on the
Tories' offices in the Commons in Britain, and on Democrat Congressmen in
America); those who don't, and who look big enough to be any kind of
irritant, are subjected to a prolonged campaign of demonisation and
harassment - either they're banned (e.g. al-Muhajiroun), their leaders or
spokespeople are locked up (e.g. SHAC) or their infrastructure is disrupted
(e.g. Indymedia).  Dissidents aren't necessarily shut down but are made to
feel under siege and under threat.  If you aren't part of the (very
right-wing) "consensus" you're made to feel like an enemy of the people.
On the second point.  I'm not sure that classical totalitarian regimes were
actually as total in their power (in terms of thought control, censorship
etc) as you seem to be assuming.  As I've said before, nearly everyone in
Hitler's Germany and Stalin's Russia was listening to foreign radio
broadcasts.  Information was getting in and out through samizdat dissident
networks.  So I wouldn't want to make EFFECTIVE total thought-control a
criterion of totalitarian regimes.  On the other hand, the classical
totalitarianisms do ATTEMPT total control of information, which
"neototalitarian" regimes would seem not to.  Actually I wonder if they
don't regulate flows by other means instead - they channel and plant
information instead of visibly censoring it.  What reaches the conformist
reader/viewer is usually very close to what the information managers want to
reach them, so they seem to settle for this.  What I would observe however,
is that the public (mainstream) space is flooded with manufactured
information which is propagandistic and tautological.  In particular,
reports on responses to alleged threats (terror raids, number of
prosecutions or ASBOs or crime reports, number of children excluded from
school or number of schools using some control technology or other) which
are read off as evidence of the scale of the threat/problem and therefore of
the necessity of the response; and statements from police, security services
etc, distributed directly through the media without critical comment (e.g.
the rather implausible "4000 Pakistani-trained terrorists in Britain" story
- which is directly taken from a statement by the head of MI5 - one does not
even need to look for a conspiracy to recognise this as a planted story!)
In the British case, there is also a strong tension between what the British
government wants to do and what the European Court will let it.  It's a bit
like the way the threat of foreign sanctions makes it hard for Southern
regimes to maintain full-scale dictatorships nowadays, the way people like
Gnassingbe are forced to hold elections whether they like it or not.
Here's how I'd link it to technology.  First off, information technology can
be used in two ways.  This is clearly shown in the workplace applications
studied by Zuboff - information technology can be used to create a totally
mapped and surveilled space, or it can be used to speed up and enable
horizontal connections.  So while the potential is there for it to be used
in the kind of way peer-to-peer networks and the Open Source movement use
it, it also has the potential to be used in nightmarish ways such as the
cameras watching every corner of major cities and the massive, instantly
checkable databases set up by the police.  This sinister potential feeds
into the fantasies of the "deep state", the agents within the state who want
something like totalitarianism (the term they use is "full spectrum
dominance"), while the emancipatory potential feeds their fears - every open
space or network is something that can be used by terrorists, subversives,
criminals (their tropes are very revealing here: the Internet is portrayed
as a terrifying space overrun with child-abusers and abducters, bomb-makers
and identity thieves, down to misattributions like the "Facebook Killer").
So the new frightening world of netwar and cybercrime becomes the imputed
"cause" of the crisis, and the same technologies turned the other way become
its solution.
Also, the growing speed and power of networks of all kinds (activism,
reactive and "terrorist" networks, capitalist networks) is seriously
threatening to the state.  Networks have speed which states can't match.  To
try to match it, states speed up.  The only way states can speed up is by
simplifying procedures and eliminating checks and balances and other
"subtleties".  Another temptation is to cut down open space per se, so as to
deny it to networks.  Still another, that as effective, successful state
action becomes increasingly difficult (e.g. identifying perpetrators of
"crimes"), states sacrifice precision for clumsier forms of "effectiveness"
(criminalising "preparatory" action, loosening evidential standards,
performing collective punishment, declaring certain groups to be deviant in
advance of any action).  I see it as a kind of "statist integralism" -
states lashing out against their future irrelevance by acting-out.  (This is
actually similar to the origins of classical totalitarianism, which fed off
a similar declining or besieged status of certain strata or regimes).
Actually, in the last instance I suspect Ryan is right - horizontal-inclined
technologies and techniques have gone too far for the state to really
reimpose control.  Equally, the old feudal aristocracy had seen its day by
the eighteenth century - this didn't stop it causing all kinds of horrors in
its swansong.  I don't think the state is going to surrender, or even let
itself "wither away" through hybridisation with the growing networks.  It's
going to fight to the death, and it's going to use every means at its
disposal to do it - including those it has previously held back to maintain
legitimacy or to integrate itself with other social forces.  Not every state
will do this, to be sure, since a process of hybridising may well be a more
stable strategy for the state to survive for a time, but at certain places
and times, "statist integralism" will wreak a terrible toll.  The nightmare
Michel refers to will only come to pass if the project is generalised, and
actually overruns the capabilities of networks.  But the people who run
regimes like Britain's are constantly trying to do this.

@_date: 2009-04-14 09:06:09
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
Oops, sent to sender not list...
Trying again:
Hi again,

@_date: 2009-04-14 09:29:56
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: online coverage of thai political crisis 
I'd add that we need to keep in mind the marginal peoples as well.  Thaksin
was a populist of the "unmarked" Thais, and very much an enemy of the
marginal peoples - the peoples of the Northwest and the Muslims of the
South.  Particularly notorious are the genocidal "war on drugs" in the
northwest and the massacre of Muslim protesters in the south; the situation
of the Akha also needs to be borne in mind.  This is the reason certain
broadly "progressive" or excluded forces (human rights groups, southern
Muslims) have sided with PAD, even while socialists and the rural poor seem
to have sided with DAAD.
see here:
I have to say the protest mobilisations by both sides have been rather
impressive, and shown the power of networks in relation to state forces.
The airport shutdown and the summit shutdown have shown the vulnerability of
key nodes as capitalism relies on "just in time" flows through a limited
range of nodes which are vulnerable to disruption.  As in much of the global
South, social networks also seem to run within and through what are
officially state organs, including the police and army.  The reaction to the
DAAD mobilisations seems to have been a lot more violent than the reaction
to the PAD mobilisations because of political sympathies.  But in both
cases, the existing government seemed worried about being as violent or
repressive as it might be.  There have been summit protests in the North for
ten years now but there has never been a summit actually shut down
The persistence, and ability to revive, of these movements is also
impressive.  We have seen instances of months-long protest mobilisations.
The longest mobilisations I've seen in the North have lasted about two weeks
(the France banlieue revolt om 2005 and the Greek unrest last December).
I'd be very interested to know how, technically, this is possible.  How PAD
was able to recover from the events of October and the apparent downturn,
and how DAAD was able to re-mobilise after a break from December.  I've
heard that protests at specific sites have rotating personnel, and the
numbers seem to be greater.  But what else allows this kind of persistence?

@_date: 2009-04-15 13:10:59
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: online coverage of thai political crisis 
Singapore have floggings and executions on the books, some for minor
offences, and has a lot of draconian prohibitions on the books (banning
chewing gum, gay sex, eating on public transport...) which reek of Victorian
Daily Mail nonsense.  That people can be effectively tortured as a legally
prescribed punishment for minor "offences" surely negates the advantage of
it not happening behind closed doors.  I'd also guess that the
attractiveness of the country to outsiders is largely due to its relative
wealth, which in turn allows the other benefits (such as welfare).  It's a
bit of an anomaly, being a city-state with no internal rural hinterland,
which in effect is an unfair advantage - neighbouring countries have to deal
with problems (rural migration to cities, maintaining a rural support-base,
effects of rural poverty) which are really world-systemic problems but which
are unevenly distributed among nation-states...  A lot of people want to
live in Britain or America or Australia too, it doesn't mean people in these
countries are happy or free, least of all migrants.  My big quarrel is with
the whole ideological position of communitarianism and the denial of any
value to "individuals" or to difference, the idea that order or the
wellbeing of the conformist selfsame is the ultimate ethical value which
trumps the things which really matter.  The complacent wellbeing of the
included is always bought with the blood of the excluded, directly or
What you call the "compact" in Singapore sounds pretty typical of
traditional authoritarianisms.  Is it by any chance an "Establishment" type
regime with a quite traditional ruling class?

@_date: 2009-04-15 16:59:58
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: online coverage of thai political crisis 
That's my impression too, that Singapore was a particularly rich little bit
of the Malayan colony which went its own way at independence, with the
result that it had a distinct advantage and didn't have to redistribute to
the poorer parts - similar to if Santa Cruz actually managed to break from
Bolivia like they keep trying to.  So it relates to Malaysia or Thailand a
bit the way Monaco relates to Italy or Portugal for instance.  Being a
financial centre gives big advantages, in Singapore this was reinforced by
the outsourcing of multinational manufacturing.  I'd guess that economic
wealth and a small population without a rural hinterland would make buying
off the poorer sections off society rather easier than for more typical
I suggested Mugabe as a comparison to Thaksin because of his rural
support-base linked to land reform and redistribution.  That's also what I
meant mainly by redeeming features - the regime has mobilised certain
popular demands, and done so in a way which actively mobilises its support
base - even standing up to the IMF.  On the other hand it's viciously
repressive of public opposition and has carried out some sweeping crackdowns
and historically, massacres.  I'd guess however that everyday life is less
regulated than in Singapore (it has some of the same laws but less ability
to enforce them), that aside from the crackdowns (which are exceptions) the
regime has limited impact in everyday life, and that people who aren't
critics of the government are as free ideas-wise at least (Bakunin is in the
University of Zimbabwe library).  I also see a lot of public dissent and
rebellion there.  But then, there's the really horrible periodic crackdowns,
and the violent suppression of any kind of public protest.  So Singapore vs
Zimbabwe are two different kinds of evil really, hard to compare.  The
suppression of any and all public protests also seems to happen in Singapore
and Malaysia, but not necessarily in Thailand (or Korea, Cambodia,
Indonesia, Taiwan, Pakistan, etc).  Sharif came to mind because he was
extremely popular in certain quarters (still has a huge support-base and
might win an election if they let him stand), but corrupt, repressive, with
neoliberal tendencies, and ultimately kicked out in a coup for upsetting the
elite.  The social composition might be quite different though, with the
especially extreme social power of the army in Pakistan.
The Chavez phenomenon seems to me genuinely emancipatory in many ways, not
just the usual authoritarian nonsense - there has been a real increase in
self-organisation encouraged by the government.  Admittedly this is almost
unique (a couple of local imitators aside), but there are a lot of regimes
where there's more "people power" than either Singapore or Zimbabwe.  India
for instance seems to have gone further than most in South and Southeast
Asia in avoiding duplicating colonial authoritarianism as well - there's
active social movements, some degree of social tolerance, a lot of informal
"encroaching", effective multi-party systems which have to deliver to their
constituencies, protests are usually permitted and very common - though
there's all the usual problems recurring in kernels here and there, local
bigwigs trying to silence dissent, police misbehaving, suspicious killings,
developmentalist land-grabs and so on; and extreme persecution around the
margins (Kashmir, the Northeast, and in some cases against Muslims and
Maoist sympathisers) - but all of this stuff gets protested and opposed a
lot.  There's periodically really big victories for dissent - the Tata Nano
case and the Gujjar unrest last year for example.  Similarly Korea seems
rather vibrant, the governments are always right-wing but the protest scene
is reminiscent of Greece, numerous, very militant, easily aroused and
generally a force to be reckoned with.  I'd view these as more attractive
options in terms of empowerment.

@_date: 2009-04-16 13:18:59
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: online coverage of thai political crisis 
You're right about the impact of PAD I'm sure.  Hopefully the effect will be
temporary.  The two sides seem pretty much deadlocked - come next election,
whatever incarnation of the pro-Thaksin forces emerges will win again...
reminds me of the saga with the Welfare Party in Turkey, which did
eventually get its way and is even cleaning out the elite a bit.
I don't think we actually did go private/offlist - you had the list in the
CC column.

@_date: 2009-04-20 16:53:13
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Pirate Bay Trial, some feedback... 
There's a thoughtful article, and not always so thoughtful discussion, on
Indymedia about the case.

@_date: 2009-04-22 04:54:25
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] dangers of connectivity 
A few questions...
Wouldn't the increase in extreme events with big effects be as likely to
produce extreme positive effects as extreme negative effects?  Remembering
that the negative ones are not necessarily negative from the perspective of
the perpetrator (e.g. 911), so the two are not distinguishable as
categories, only by ethical judgements.  Extreme positive events might be
things like the collapse of eastern European Stalinism, protest eruptions
such as the recent unrest in Greece, sudden breakthroughs in science or
other kinds of scholarship (for instance, finding a cure for AIDS or
cancer), a sudden switch in forms of life towards sustainability, etc.
...  (just noticed one of the comments I hadn't read says the same thing)
Another point:  since the disruptive/transformative effects of "black swan"
events are due largely to their effects (911 itself changed nothing, it was
the US reaction that caused global shifts; financial crises such as the
Asian, Russian, Mexican, Enron and DotCom crises only reverberate the way
they do because of their impact on "business confidence", i.e. because they
scare other stockbrokers/investors into selling), wouldn't the growing
frequency of such events lessen their impact?  This certainly seems true of
terrorism, i.e., one terror attack can have a huge impact only when no
attacks are normally happening - there seems to be a lot more hysteria about
terrorism in Britain today post-7/7, than in the 1980s when IRA attacks were
almost routine - we don't even hear in the west about the latest events in
contexts of endemic insurgency such as Kashmir, Chechnya and northeast
India, or even of each suicide bombing in Iraq - the growing frequency at
certain sites makes the event "normal".  The same effect is suggested in the
sociology of deviance, i.e., that frequency of deviance reduces its deviant
character and "shock value".  The dynamics of "newsworthiness" would also be
crucial here, i.e., newsworthiness decreases with the frequency of events,
and as newsworthiness decreases, so does the likelihood of drastic

@_date: 2009-04-22 05:08:39
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
Point taken, BUT...
The p2p nature of the technology infrastructure is crucial to the resilience
to repression, and also, isn't the development of technologies in this area
usually p2p among designers as well?
I wonder how passive the use is; I actually doubt that:
"99.99% of the people... never remix or make any derivative work of what
they put into, or get from those networks."
is true, from the scale of movie-videos (such as "AMVs") put to music on
YouTube and similar sites; and people using commercial music in their home
videos etc - I think this is actually more common than reposting commercial
content unedited.  I'm inclined to think having things available in copiable
format tempts people to use them in creative ways, especially when the tools
to use them are also readily available.
Something following from the Filipino argument - I thought it was very
interesting to see this issue put in a North-South perspective.  Now I think
about it, that Argentine case and the recent Brazilian law aside, all the
really nasty copyright stuff seems to happen in the North.  Countries in
Asia which I'd expect to be quite repressive (China, Malaysia, Singapore,
Hong Kong) seem to be surprisingly inactive on copyright matters, at least
if measured by the amount of dodgy stuff that's exported from or hosted
there.  I was recently told by an Indian student that India doesn't have
intellectual property laws except for the film industry.  Not sure if it's
true, but they do produce and distribute generic versions of drugs which are
patented in the North.  There was a case back in January of an Indian ship
exporting drugs to Brazil being seized in Holland, even though the generics
on board were permitted in both India and Brazil.  There's also been a
takeoff of OS/FS systems in some Southern countries (Brazil, Venezuela,
South Africa have all officially embraced Linux variants, Nigeria is
strongly hooked up with the One Laptop Per Child project).
Makes me wonder if there could be a redistribution of global power on this
basis - parts of the South become successful based on not impeding flows of
symbols, signs and data, while the North cuts off its own development
through copyright rent-extraction.

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:43:15
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
It would seem that p2p could never entirely be "sharing without caring"
because the system relies on people seeding without apparent gain - the
downloader can easily remove files once downloaded, and seeding presumably
slows connections and increases risks of detection.  This is why it often
gets termed "gift economy".  If large proportions of users "leeched" without
"seeding" then the network would not be viable; probably it would then be
commercialised as somebody assumed the "scarce" function of seeding in
return for pay.
I suppose on a broader level it is "without caring" about the artists (or
production costs) specifically, and that this could in theory render the
system non-sustainable in terms of abundance over time.  Though this would
seem to depend on a lot of things, including whether users are actually
stopping paying for items as well (or receiving through free means which
generate revenue), whether users are "sampling before buying", whether the
items downloaded are commercially available, whether people are also paying
voluntarily by other means (attending live shows of musicians, giving
donations to artists), what motivates people to produce the items in
question (music or whetever), and whether new "content" is being created for
free due to use of the networks.
I'm not sure whether to theorise PirateBay as simply part of the p2p scene
or as a kind of axiomatisation built on top of it to extract value.  The
site itself is not p2p, it's a centralised archive of links (albeit
distributed across servers), and it seems to be built on the business
principle of extracting value, both from advertising on the site and
aggressive marketing of the PirateBay logo (sales of merchandise) and
services (IPREDator).  They seem to me to represent a "progressive" business
model (addition of axioms and expansion of flows) as opposed to a
"reactionary" business model (subtraction of axioms, blocking of flows and
extraction of rents on scarcity), but I wouldn't suggest they'd escaped the
logic of capitalism and entered entirely into gift economy.  So although the
struggle is between two models of capitalism, one of these models is
relatively "on the side" of the emancipated flows whereas the other is
definitively against them - a bit the same way that social democracy is
"relatively" inclusive of flows of difference compared to neoliberalism; but
in the same way, their existence ultimately depends on capitalism - without
the reducibility of flows to equivalence and representation, their own
business model wouldn't work either.  I've also noticed that fairly
mainstream, "well-behaved" online corporations - YouTube, eBay - are facing
the same kinds of lawsuits and complaints from the copyright cartels, for
the same kind of reasons: the openness, speed and volume of Internet flows
undermines rent-extraction.

@_date: 2009-04-22 23:14:05
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
Marco, I understand your point, and you?re right that file-sharing is not
100% ?gift economy? from production to consumption.  But I think you?re
misunderstanding or misconstruing some of the claims I and others have made.
?file sharing a-la-Pirate-Bay
isn't P2P and it's counterproductive for a real P2P advocate to not
make the distinction.?
Well, I think if you look carefully you will see that I did make
distinctions, I?m just not sure the distinction is between ?real? and
?false? P2P.
Your claim:
?But Pirate Bay users (or the founders, for that matter...) aren't sharing
anything that *they* did. They are not giving any gift, as they aren't
giving up anything of theirs.?
hinges on an assumption that something can only be P2P or gift economy if it
is a gift at the level of production.  By this definition there could never
be partial P2P, or P2P in assemblages with other logics.  One could not even
talk of ?gift? when someone buys something and then gives it away.  I think
this is unduly narrowing the concept.
The users who share ?aren?t giving up anything of theirs? is not strictly
true.  They are giving up the exclusivity of the right to use a particular
song/film/etc which they have either purchased or rented.  But it isn?t
really very relevant.  Gift economy operates in contexts of abundance (not
scarcity ? which is connected to labour-for-income).  Data is inherently
abundant because it is infinitely reproducible (unless artificially
restricted).  Filesharing creates a context of abundance.  This is why it is
a threat to rent-extraction, which rests on scarcity.  I would also argue
that the artists are not ?giving up something which is theirs?, but rather,
giving up something which is then de facto in the public domain ? the idea
that they are giving up something of their own, ?intellectual property?, is
a legal fiction.  The situation is such that, once created, a song, idea,
film, etc, is ?abundant? in the sense of being infinitely reproducible, as
such does not produce profit, and can only be made to produce profit by
being artificially restricted.
You seem to be assuming ?real? P2P is sharing of labour.  I think there can
also be sharing of goods and of information.
?That's how some seeding happens, ie not even
"giving" to the community the cost of one DVD purchase.?
You?re missing the point completely.  In filesharing networks, for a file to
be available to others, someone needs to have their computer switched on,
with the file stored in it, running the appropriate software, uploading the
file for others to download.  So either someone has to leave the program
running, ?seeding? the file, while they?re doing other things ? at the cost
of slowdown; or run the ?seeding? while their computer is downloading ?
slowing download speeds; or run the computer when they wouldn?t otherwise
run it ? using electricity.  There is no concrete incentive for someone to
?seed?, beyond community approval.  And it is certainly not as simple as
just leaving a newspaper on a seat.  Certainly one might leave a file in the
sharing folder out of lack of motive to move it, but one wouldn?t leave the
file-sharing program running indefinitely, and if one was concerned about
download speeds (which file-sharers generally are), one WOULD move it or set
it not to share.  So someone who chooses to ?seed?, does so to allow others
to download and/or to maintain the overall community from which they
benefit.  I would say this makes it gift economy at the level of
It isn?t gift economy at the level of production, as you say.  I think the
reasons for this run deeper ? because other things are scarce or are defined
as scarce, people are usually unable/unwilling to give up their entire time
to activities without pay; and making certain kinds of things (films for
instance) would require buying a lot of the things to make them with also.  So
it isn?t as simple as artists choosing not to gift, it?s about a context of
scarcity forcing people into commodified lives (except for a few who
explicitly decide to refuse such a life).  It is thus unlikely that
gift-economy as an alternative to capitalism could come into existence all
at once, it has to be carved out in specific areas.  In this case, it is
carved out in distribution, which is relatively easy to do, but not in
production, which is difficult to do.
There are a great many cases where people are paid to produce something
which is not profitable, or are paid to produce something which is then
distributed free.  People who take part in any kind of P2P community are
affected by similar logics ? for instance, open source programmers might be
motivated by such things as desire to obtain jobs in the software industry
by strengthening their CV and learning skills, and they must be receiving
some kind of income or subsistence while programming, which is subsidising
their activity (either they have a job which is not P2P, or they are
receiving a student grant, benefits, etc, or are being supported by others
who have jobs or grants etc).  So if we apply your standard and say
something has to be completely gift-economy to be gift-economy at all, then
we would have to say that gift-economy can only exist in a society which is
entirely a gift economy without any capitalism, statism etc.

@_date: 2009-04-23 03:39:13
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
I don't think it was Ryan's claim, it's that Wiley guy, and it's got as far
as a leading local paper in America...  I daresay Wiley knows how to get
publicity (and taking a few zeroes off the time figures is one way).
This said...  education has changed a lot already, hasn't it?  Some places
at least.  I'm hearing from people in schools that blackboards have been
replaced by projection screens, IT is core to the syllabus.  But the
computer stuff is probably less noticeable than the neoliberal "reforms".
In my experience, universities are very slow to change, and not very
up-to-date with IT.  Replacing lectures with illustrated/cinematic
video-lectures would make sense to me, but nine out of ten lecturers would
not know how to start putting a home video together, and the IT support
staff probably not much more.  Lectures in written format are starting to
appear online, and students are getting used to having an array of articles
a few clicks away, far more than are in libraries (counting the free stuff,
and the stuff that comes with university-access packages like Jstor, Ingenta
and Muse).  It'll take awhile for books to catch up, though a lot now offer
free excerpts.  Since the main purpose of academic publishing is peer-review
accreditation rather than actual book sales, I could see it conceivably
happening that books will start to appear for free.
The future of education may well be something like Illich's model, networks
of skill models, networks of mentors, networks of educational objects.  This
is how real learning occurs, and always has been - it's easier now with the
Internet.  But education is going the other way - towards testing, access
regulation, education for stratification, rent-extraction on skills and
mindsets.  This will if anything strengthen universities as gatekeepers,
even though it is ruining the university experience for staff and students.
I'm not sure a networked world would lead to the disappearance of
universities, however.  There are several big advantages to universities
that won't disappear quickly.  One is that mentoring or new researchers, and
exchange between scholars, is easier with face-to-face interaction and some
kind of personal relationship, which is easier where lots of scholars are in
one physical place.  Another is the classic idea of universities as
sanctuaries from the world, spaces where the pursuit of knowledge is
protected from hostile political and economic forces.  Hakim Bey writes of
universities becoming something like "research monasteries" in a networked
world, one of many kinds of autonomous zones.

@_date: 2009-04-24 00:46:21
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
Let's take a few issues one at a time.
1) Are books likely to disappear?
Personally I'm happy reading ebooks, but I think most people still prefer
paper (because of the screen light partly I think, though also through
familiarity) - nearly everyone I know downloads articles/web documents to
read, but I'm the only one of my circle of real-life friends who doesn't
print them out before reading.  Which raises the question: will people
choose to print out massive ebooks rather than borrow/buy the book?  At
present prices, the printing cost may turn out more expensive even than
today's book prices, and compared to borrowing it is costly vs free.  It's
also more convenient to have a book than an ebook, especially considering
printing times.  People print journal articles because the convenience of
printing outweighs the cost (or because they have free printing access) -
accessing paper journal articles is horribly inconvenient - while websites,
e-journals and many other journals will not normally be accessible except by
download-and-print.  E-journals are a growing trend, and e-newspapers, and
even a few print newspapers have gone entirely web-based, Christian Science
Monitor being the best-known (apparently they had about 50,000 subscribers
compared to 2 million web hits or something of that magnitude).  I could
imagine the journal industry going entirely virtual (and possibly free) more
easily than the book industry.  Ebooks replacing books?  Less like CD's
replacing records, than MP3s replacing CDs - which despite widespread free
downloading, I don't see happening - people still seem to like hard-copies.
Another point about whether books will disappear.  There is of course also
an interest in rent-extraction in the book industry, as in the music
industry etc.  In terms of academic books, this is mainly financed by
universities either directly (as library purchases) or indirectly (as
textbooks recommended for students).  So a portion of the sum of money which
goes to universities, goes to subsidising the selection criteria via book
publishing, and incentivising the writing of textbooks to appeal to whoever
compiles reading lists.  But there is also money in commercial mass
publishing, and commercial mass publishers will be resistant to
non-proprietary distribution.  This won't stop such distribution, but
remember that again the factors of printing cost and time come into the
2) could virtual HE handle selection?
Another point about both the book industry and the university industry are
that they are selection systems as well as production/access systems.  For
the academic book industry, book sales (except for popular textbooks) are
abysmally small.  The industry survives because it is necessary for academic
selection.  Academic CV's are determined by the number and quality of books
and journal articles published.  The higher-ranked the journal or book
publisher, the better the academic's CV.  This is because book and journal
publishing are selective, and selective by criteria (particularly but not
only peer-review) which are widely assumed to represent in some way the
quality of what is produced.  This not only affects rankings among scholars
but also the selection of particular post-PhD individuals as scholars (it is
an independent variable from academic employment).  Academic publishing may
functionally be more important as selection than as production to be read -
the number of readers per article is very small (actually in many cases more
people will read or hear the paper pre-publication, or read a copy sent to
friends and contacts of the author, than will read it in its official place
of publication).  In selection systems, brand-name recognition is very
important.  Online systems do not make good selection systems for a number
of reasons.  One of these is precisely that it is very open and p2p-inclined
- anyone with minimal programming skills can set up a website, an ejournal,
etc.  Paper journals and book publishers have physical production limits
which impose selectiveness, and a centralised distribution system which
allows for rankings.  Academic selection criteria are beginning to accept
certain selective e-journals as equivalent to paper journals, and would
doubtless accept paper journals which go virtual, but it is hard to imagine
ebooks gaining similar status.  The same even happens even with online
selection criteria - Wikipedia for instance accepts academic journals and
"reputable" publishers as valid sources, but not self-publication, blogs,
most websites, etc (though they do allow the latter if some other criterion
suggests a person's expertise, e.g. if they're an employed academic).  It
would be possible for academic publication selection to go entirely virtual
only if the effects of the journal and book markets are replicated online.
But it is easier for these functions to be performed offline, as the online
selection criteria are necessarily arbitrary (e-journals manage it mainly
because they mimic paper journals in length and format).
Then there's selection of lecturers.  One crucial feature of universities is
that they actually pay a stratum of people to teach, lecture and do
research.  While it is quite possible to teach, lecture and do research
virtually, at present it is not typically possible to be paid to do so.  And
the limited number of paid posts is linked to the selection process.  Could
the physical space of the university be replaced by lecturers working
online?  In theory yes (and in practice - Open University works this way),
but somebody would have to raise the money to pay lecturers to do this.  So
how is virtual HE to be funded?  In theory it could be funded by a
society-wide gift economy, but this would require a more general
revolutionary change.  What about market models?  While these may be viable
in limited spheres, in general I would say that market models are not
sustainable for three reasons.  Firstly because knowledge and skills are
indefinitely replicable, not scarce, and given the open context, it would be
impossible to prevent those who learn from setting themselves up as
teachers.  Secondly, because the quality of knowledge or teaching can only
be ascertained after one has already obtained it, making it very difficult
to make market-based choices in advance.  The only possible guide in
selecting a market education provider is previous feedback from others, but
this could as well represent a cleverly sold teaching of fallacy.  Thirdly,
because the system would select by effective marketing rather than expertise
or ability; it would therefore be deemed less reliable than the university
system (which is assumed to select by expertise - whether it does or not).
E-learning and qualifications suffer from the dangers of being tarred with
accusations of low-quality degrees, buying and selling of degrees, etc.
Remember also that university funding, and the market value of selection
criteria, come from unwieldy old-style institutions as well.  At present
this happens in three ways at least - via prestige, which is very slow to
change; via state funding; and via market demands (students trying to get
skills or qualifications they think will raise their earning potential, at
their own expense).  In the current structure, market demands are highly
responsive to prestige, and state funding is highly responsive to both
market demands and prestige (as well as being quite random in relation to
long-term trends).  Look at the failure of Britain's foundation degrees and
GNVQs - despite these being geared specifically for "employers", the latter
still prefer old-style degrees and A-levels (and even special qualifications
formulated by private schools to be more like old A-levels than today's
A-lelves are).  Why?  Well, I think a big part of it is that they know that
the students with a choice, meaning either with a lot of ability or from
upper-class backgrounds, will choose traditional courses over vocational
courses.  So they will use selection preference for traditional
qualifications both as a placeholder for amorphous
intelligence/potential/ability and as a placeholder for class
There are also ways in which the Internet has made universities more
traditional.  In particular, the instant transfer of data and the
possibility of anonymity make the Internet unsuitable for reliable
assessment.  Plagiarism is very easy online.  This has led to a revival in
exams and other kinds of observed assessment.  If part of the function
assigned to universities is to deem people adequately knowledgeable or
skilled in particular areas, it seems likely that observed assessment of
some kind will persist.
3) can the pedagogical functions of university be replicated virtually?
Then there is the question of the pedagogical value of meeting in person,
either with a tutor/lecturer/supervisor/skill-model or with peers.  The
lecture is vulnerable here, because it can easily be replicated virtually
(though without any way of ensuring or verifying that people have actually
"attended").  But seminars, one-to-one tutorials, critical pedagogies,
pastoral support for students, are rather harder to imitate virtually.  One
could have seminars via instant messenger or skype or teleconferencing,
which would be an interesting experiment.  But with the loss or blurring of
nonverbal cues, the absence of teaching resources which could be used by the
entire group, the substituting of one or two senses for the full range,
could the full experience be replicated, or something equally useful be
created?  Or if the seminar etc are not especially useful - could one create
something which would not be rejected as less useful?  I think a lot of the
most successful pedagogies, things like Freirean pedagogy, require
face-to-face interaction.
I'm not saying any of this is necessarily a good thing.  Some of it is, some
of it isn't.  Personally I would rather like for all publications to have
equal status, or subjective status, and for anyone who wants to be a
skill-model, lecturer or researcher to be paid to do so.  I'd love to see
hierarchical rankings replaced by something more like the Open Source
movement.  I think the selection function of education is quite corrosive of
knowledge-production and leads to a lot of the problems that are all too
evident in academia today (style before substance, grandstanding,
repetition, writing for the sake of writing, inter-perspectival
sectarianism, hagiography, etc).  But getting rid of selection functions
would suggest a transformation to a society-wide gift economy, which I see
as possible from counter-trends of resistance, but not from dominant trends
in the current system.  The moment we introduce state or market forces, we
introduce selection, and hence the need for selection criteria.
Incidentally - horizontal p2p education already exists, nascently at least,
in popular/community education, things like the Cuban literacy programme,
activist practices of skill-sharing, hacklabs, knowledgelabs, etc., and in
indigenous education practices and epistemologies, travelling storytellers
and the like.  Of course, most of this is unpaid.  And most of it does not
get any credibility from the hierarchies in terms of selection functions.
Another interesting possibility is what would happen to education if
networks gained the ability to take and hold entire swathes of space against
hierarchies.  Suppose for instance that hierarchies have retreated to the
network of global cities and extraction nodes, and that the remainder of the
planet has become something like the Somalia or NWFP of today but without
the constant wars.  Now suppose that education projects (with or without
fixed physical sites) were to emerge in these border regions, or be
implanted there by intellectuals fleeing the controlled "core" spaces.  It's
in this hypothetical context that I can see Hakim Bey's idea of "research
monasteries" becoming a close approximation of what would happen.

@_date: 2009-12-13 19:29:27
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
A few questions.
1)  America is losing global hegemony.  How will the loss of global hegemony
affect the position of the US executive and the US as a monolithic entity?
2)  The current trend internationally is away from mega-states and towards
either nifty small states or big confederal arrangements like the EU.  The
US was a major beneficiary of the previous period, when the global situation
favoured "superpowers".  Today, networks of all kinds favour the local - for
instance, Silicon Valley has its own economic networks distinct from America
as a whole.  Will localising networks create pressures towards fragmentation
of massive states?
Admittedly if we just look at American politics in isolation - and take for
granted what is taken for granted in general - and look within living memory
rather than longue duree - it seems America is centralising and will remain
highly centralised, and that either a collapse or a renegotiation of power
will occur.
On the other hand, as I've argued elsewhere, I think states are centralising
their power, concentrating power in executives, and behaving in increasingly
authoritarian ways precisely BECAUSE they are losing their connection to and
power over the real sources of power.  They are shit-scared of networks.
If we compare a few cases.
China is a massive state but has moved towards increasingly localised
economic models.  China has also conceded extensive autonomy - basically
internal independence over everything except foreign policy - to former
territories which it has reacquired, i.e. Hong Kong and Macao (it would
doubtless do the same if it acquired Taiwan).  It has also established
regions specialising in particular economies, and Special Economic Zones
where usual rules don't apply.  We also don't know what will happen if and
when China undergoes extensive social instability.  China is building up
crises waiting to happen in relation to rural dispossession and the growth
of an unemployed population.  Eventually China will have a major crisis or
revolution.  When it does, Tibet, Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Guangxi Chuang,
possibly Manchuria and the new regions may break away or else renegotiate
their inclusion in China.
India also allows extensive autonomy to local states over internal
policies.  A lot of the most interesting stuff in India happens at a state
level.  Just yesterday, we saw this in the case of Telangana.  Indian
economic growth is very uneven and localised.  While India doesn't look like
breaking up (its difficulties in the Northeast and Kashmir notwithstanding),
it also seems to be moving towards more (not less) leeway to states.  India
also has a number of regimes of decentralised power in terms of
multiculturalism - different legal codes for religious groups, special
status for adivasis and dalits and so on.
The EU is not looking like becoming a super-state any time soon.  Europe
could be becoming something like an even more decentralised version of India
or China.  Certain things like free movement (most but not all the time),
free trade and labour mobility have been established, which take advantage
of economic flows.  But national differences remain very pertinent.  I'm not
sure anyone really wants a European superstate except maybe a few
bureaucrats at the centre.  There aren't even major moves towards foreign
policy centralisation.  It seems very unlikely today, with the big split
over the Iraq war.  So, the EU will be a regional economic power with labour
and trade mobility, but with each region locally governed, and have its own
foreign policy for the foreseeable future.
The Soviet Union HAS broken up.  It broke up partly because it lost the
advantage of scale in the global economy, leading to its defeat in the Cold
War.  Not only this, but the Russian Federation has itself moved towards
decentralisation.  A lot of regions (Kalmykia, Tatarstan, Ingushetia,
Bashkortostan) are de facto internally independent, allowed to exist as
independent fiefdoms based on supporting the power-holders at the centre in
"national" elections.  Also, the Russian East is moving away from European
Russia economically.  Russia could easily either break up again, or have to
turn into something like the EU.  People were saying the CIS would become a
second EU when it was formed, but this was undermined by conflict between
Russia and the newly independent countries (an effect of decades of
colonialism methinks - the same problem which saw off the British
Commonwealth earlier).
So, it seems the powers of states are being disaggregated and diffused both
upwards and downwards.
Upwards in terms of the establishment of large blocs in which certain
general rules are applied and certain traditional powers of states are
Downwards in terms of increasingly localised economies, and the
proliferation of local and partial sets of laws and regulations.
How does the future of America look in this long-term and comparative
America started out as a federation of local states with similar attributes
to the EU or India today, centralised massively as a result of superpower
status arising from massive geopolitical and economic advantages in a
particular period, and is now facing a period where these advantages no
longer matter so much.  Today America has two major advantages which persist
as leftovers from the previous period: military forces which are
overwhelmingly larger and better-resourced than anyone else, and advantages
derived from the hegemonic position of the dollar in the world economy (the
reason America is able to get away with effectively rent extracting from the
world by deficit financing and revaluing).  Both of these advantages are
leftovers - the dollar is the world currency because it was formerly the
strongest (not because it is now the strongest), and the military was built
up because of America's economic strength.  Presumably the flows of
resources coming through these two advantages - both, crucially, advantages
held by the *federal* government - are the reason the government can buy off
the states and maintain resource flows which keep the states dependent.
We have every reason to believe these advantages are in their last stage.
(The attempt to turn military advantages into persistent tribute-extraction
have faltered in Iraq).  What will happen when they fail?
different nation-states, because elsewhere the advantages of transnational
regional entities are being recognised.  However, I would expect wealthier
regions to seek more control over their own resources, poorer
anti-cosmopolitan regions to seek to break out of the cultural hegemony of
cosmopolitan regions, and regions with high levels of poverty arising from
industrial collapse to move internally towards welfarist policies of a kind
the centre would not tolerate.  The result may well be that economic policy
is decentralised, but within a region retaining a single currency, and that
cultural and legislative regimes are similarly returned to the state level
(there are substantial pressures towards this from the liberal left, the
libertarian right, and the conservative right - there are areas seeking
actively to opt out of the drug war, even a few which have opted out of the
war on terror, while on the right a lot of the pressure is against social
liberalisation coming from the metropolitan areas).
I could even imagine a scenario in which peacekeepers from a newly
democratic China invade independent Arizona to end a civil war between
Confederate militias and black nationalists, while seeking to stop
fundamentalist Texas from obtaining nuclear weapons!  Though I think it's
more likely that there will just be a redistribution of powers between the

@_date: 2009-12-14 18:20:40
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
What perhaps needs to be realised in this discussion is that patronage, and
complex intersections between the state and local forces, are the normal
form of political power (including electoral power and state power) in most
of the world.  America and the North in general are usually viewed as an
exception to this rule.  Actually, if anything, only the urban centres are
an exception.  The integration of peripheral and semi-peripheral areas into
the world-system happens mainly through patronage, and this includes
peripheral areas within core states.  It is best known in international
terms, as comprador capitalism, the 'imported state' and so on - basically a
core country either bribes an elite to support its agenda, or bribes the
whole country on condition the pro-core elite remains in power.  The form of
the state which results is quite predictably extractive - the elite buys off
support from regional groups using the money it's getting from the core,
uses more of the money to suppress anyone who can't be incorporated, and
enriches itself at the same time.  But we're used to thinking of it in
international terms.  Increasingly today, and to some extent always, parts
of mega-states like the US, and even of smaller states, are also peripheral
and are governed in a similar way (in Britain I'd point to the flow of
resources to local councils in the abandoned North through various
centrally-funded Blairite hobby-horse programmes such as the various
anti-crime initiatives, and the cultivation and financing of an entire
swathe of 'community leaders' in various ethnic minority communities, all on
large government or council salaries).
It sounds like Nevada is an even stranger case though - almost a little USSR
inside America?  How does the economy function - mainly federal jobs?  There
were a lot of artificial cities fuelled by state investment in Russia
(Magnitogorsk and the like) and most of them held up for as long as the
regime did.  They're rapidly depopulating today.  They're also the main
electoral base, along with similar rural areas, of the Communist Party
(which in Russia means the nostalgic paleoconservatives).
What's strange is that in electoral terms, neoliberalism often becomes
dependent on anti-cosmopolitan peripheral forces to sustain dominance
exercised primarily in, and for classes and elites based in, the cities.
All the global cities have a left-of-centre electorate (probably due to
their pulling power for the poor).  Hence, all the global cities are managed
more-or-less undemocratically - either as dictatorial city-states
(Singapore, Dubai) or based on the overriding of the local electorate by a
rural electorate in a bigger nation-state.  But of course, the rural
electorate has neither an economic interest in nor a political affinity with
neoliberalism and the primacy of global cities.  Hence, neoliberals dress up
as conservatives or communitarians to articulate voters whose attachments
are to resisting neoliberalism.

@_date: 2009-12-14 22:39:49
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
"In fact, there is a massive*outflow* of Federal taxes, ...
Nevada's economy is based on three things.  First, Nevada is one of
the richest mining regions in the world for heavy elements.  Second,
the arid volcanic soil is excellent for certain kinds of agriculture,
mostly onions, potatoes, and grass-fed beef.  Third is tourism, both
Las Vegas and alpine (Lake Tahoe/Reno); the latter is where people in
the San Francisco metro go for winter skiing and many summer outdoor
It's a standard internal periphery then.  Extractive industries,
agriculture, tourism are the there mainstays of peripheral economies.  I
wonder how many 'Third World' countries could be described in these terms -
Niger and CAR as rich in minerals, Honduras and Guatemala as good for
agriculture, Mauritius and the Maldives as funded by tourism - though it's
rare to find all three (most ex-colonies have a single major industry).
Normally the dispute with the centre would be about issues of debt and
transnational relations.  Seems like these are simply reproduced in Nevada
as intra-state issues of federal ownership/control and direct outflows.
Even the land-ownership issue is not unusual - I've heard of big companies
buying up all the land in countries like Guatemala, and controversies over
massive external ownership of the prime farming and mining areas, for
instance the French owning all the mines in CAR, or America owning all the
oil in Iran (pre-revolution).
It does raise the issue, though, of how come Nevada is economically stable
when similar peripheral regions are not, and how come the population are
better-off than the similar population in the likes of Niger and Mauritius.
Is it because the outflow of money is less, because the prices of primary
commodities and services are higher/fairer, because the prices of primary
commodities are subsidised or treated preferentially, because of the
indirect impact of the option of out-migration on wages, because of general
entitlements arising from being an American (such as access to jobs and
welfare), because there has never been a full-scale colonial plunder?  I'm
sure a lot of peripheral countries would love to be doing as well as Nevada,
outflows or not...

@_date: 2009-12-20 05:13:14
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Probably as well that the nuke idea is a no-go... *shudders*
Actually, since 911 (which itself was not exactly planned on the scale it
happened), insurgents seem to have been avoiding 'mass destruction' attacks
and instead concentrating on doing things which are extremely cheap but
cause a lot of fear and disruption.  Including feeding fake "plots" to US
interrogators so the US itself causes immense disruption and fear by locking
down key sites at important times, or by media stories that some venue is
about to be blown up.
The whole insurgent model in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere is based on
imposing costs with minimum expense.  At present, air warfare is the last
real advantage of high-cost, high-tech warfare, so major powers can't yet be
defeated, just fought to a standstill and demoralised.  I expect
countermeasures are already being designed, some of them ironically enough
by the US military.  In particular, it may only be time before EMP weapons
are easily available and portable, after which technological advantages
disappear - anything relying on hi-tech can be EMP zapped and scrambled (cf
Battlestar Galactica).  I also just saw a story about a kid who got a
phone-camera into space and photographed the earth's axis in an $80 science
project - who knows what else might eventually be put up in high orbit in a
similar way.  Then there's the lower-tech version of drones, namely
remote-control.  This has already been used in a DMKP(C) plot reputedly.
Supposedly the reason the drones don't have encryption is the quantity and
speed of visual data needed.  Time will tell if they can be hacked as well.
There's a passage in Timothy Zahn's "Outbound Flight" where Grand Admiral
Thrawn manages to misdirect a fleet of drone droids by recording and copying
the command signals.  In any case, I don't think drones are a big
advancement in warfare.  Their functionality is basically the same as a
bomber, and the reason they're used is distinctly "full spectrum" - namely,
they avoid the risk of a pilot being shot down and captured in countries
America isn't meant to be in to begin with.  They are also doubtless
generating the pork-barrelling of a big section of the military-industrial

@_date: 2009-12-20 13:12:33
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
"I don't know who is doing what and why, but you'll have to agree
that in terms of ROI a few kT in a major high-density location
are extremely well invested."
Depends what they're aiming for.  If the aim is maximum civilian casualties
for medium expense, regardless of bad publicity, then yes.  I'm not sure
this is the strategic game that insurgents are playing though.  I suspect
911 was about provoking America into getting trapped in a quagmire in
Afghanistan which would eventually drive it out of the Muslim world by
attrition or else ruin its economy (similar to the American strategy against
Russia in the 80s).  "al-Qaeda prime" has been pretty quiet since 911.  The
various small-scale plots and attacks in the North and outside the main
troublespots since then, when they aren't just black-ops or overreactions,
have been by local 'cells' (groups of friends really) who use the al-Qaeda
model without firm organisational links.  None of these groups seem to have
had anything like the money or weaponry available to insurgents in the main
troublespots or to the 911 attackers.  i.e. people who don't have the
technical knowhow to make a fertiliser-bomb go off, let alone to smuggle in
nuclear materials.  In addition, I think most of the insurgents are local
fighters concerned about local issues.  The number of people actually
interested in attacking outside the local battlefront is quite probably
minuscule.  Otherwise, well, there's all kinds of things they would be
trying.  Shipping in suicide bombers or Mumbai-attack-style gunmen being the
most obvious, and cheapest.  Given how much contraband and how many people
get in undetected, I can't imagine it being logistically difficult, yet it
has not happened even once - which makes me think that either they aren't
all that interested strategically in attacking outside the main
battlefields, or the constituency of recruits for global attacks is
absolutely tiny.  Notice that all the post-911 attacks have been carried out
by local residents - people aren't being shipped in to carry out attacks.
Things like EMP, remote-control, etc - I'm talking about future
possibilities.  Twenty years ago, drones and the Internet would have sounded

@_date: 2009-12-20 21:13:54
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
The thing about asymmetrical technologies is, they aren't just used by
takfiri/jihadi groups, they can be used by anyone who is at a systemic
disadvantage - whether it's the Chinese government, the Vietcong, the
Zapatistas, eco-warriors, or a whole range of quite nasty people, even
neo-Nazis if they wanted to.  But the concentrated-power technologies can
only be used by people in control of massive militarised states, and the use
of these technologies disempowers all the small and weak groups (the
overwhelming majority of the world).  Sure, it might disempower some quite
nasty people, but it disempowers a lot of good people as well.  And
sometimes the gain in power of nasty people from asymmetrical weapons will
also ultimately rebound favourably for the nice people.  And ultimately
would rebound on the nasty people should they ever consolidate power - look
at the effect of the Internet on protest in Iran for example.
The sustainability and social basis of takfiri groups, and of other groups
which claim a basis in Islam, is questionable and widely variant.  But, it
needs to be made clear that situations in peripheral regions fighting
American empire are *very, very complex*.  It is not at all as simple as a
few bad people who want to oppress women and have a definite ideology.  In
Afghanistan and Somalia, a lot of it is about conflicts between clans or
ethnic groups.  Some of it is about the assertion of everyday forms of
informal power, against the centralised state.  Some of it is about young
socially-excluded men finding a social niche through military mobilisation.
Some of it is straightforward anti-occupier hostility.  To take a few
examples.  The serious scholars on Somalia are saying the Islamic Courts
Union is not really a 'fundamentalist' force at all, but a reassertion by
clan elders against warlords and foreign-backed regimes.  The Taleban today
is principally a Pashtun nationalist organisation.  Hamas, which has
recently pledged to stay out of people's private lives, gained support
mainly as a group able to provide welfare services and continue resistance
in a context of massive Israeli violence.  In Turkey the so-called
'fundamentalists' have turned out to be a democratising force in what was
previously a monolithic army-state.
There is no possibility of the whole world living like America (or Sweden
for that matter) - American resource overconsumption is financed by unequal
resource flows which require the maintenance of hyperexploitation and
poverty elsewhere, not to mention resource consumption which is
unsustainable at present and would be drastically more so if replicated
elsewhere.  So the question is not "would you or I rather live in modern
America or under a Taleban dictatorship" but a more ambiguous kind of
question...  is it better to live under a dictatorship like Saddam's or a US
occupation... is it better to live in Cuba or under a US-backed dictatorship
somewhere like Haiti...  is it better to live in Somalia under the 'Islamic
courts union' who are mainly clan elders, or under a foreign-backed regime
which rules by force and with no local consent at all... is it better to
live under the Shah of Iran with his feared SAVAK secret police, or under
Khomeini with the Revolutionary Guards...  or between the Vietcong and
dictatorships such as those of Diem and Thieu.  In any case, it is not
really relevant in which country you as a properly socialised American would
prefer, but which an Afghan, Iraqi, Iranian or Somali would prefer...  and
this is by no means clear, and would doubtless vary depending on
clan/ethnicity and social class, but where there is evidence, it seems to
support the anti-US option in all these cases.  In surveys, most Iraqis say
they were better off under Saddam, and millions have voted with their feet -
the refugee exodus is greater today than under Saddam.  Iraqi election
results suggest they also think an independent Islamic-based regime would be
better than a US occupation.  The Taleban and the Islamic Courts Union were
widely welcomed at first, despite opposition to certain repressive
policies.  The Iranian conservatives retain a definite electoral
constituency, even though large sectors of Iranian society are seeking
reform (note that Iranian reformers *are not* trying to turn Iran into
America).  I don't want to defend any of these 'lesser evils' as they are
seen by locals, but I would even less want to support what locals see as the
greater evil, because of preferences constructed from outside their
situation, or because of some imaginary claim to be able to speak for others
based on simply observing their experiences.
I would also add, firstly, that there are some extreme kinds of
dehumanisation and brutality which are peculiarly American, and which would
not be tolerated by people like the Afghans and Somalis - high-tech forms of
torture such as the Supermax isolation regimes for example, and the ability
of police to murder members of ethnic minorities without retaliatory
violence.  The peculiarly modern-statist cruelties are on the one hand,
those of prolonged but ruined life, keeping-alive in constant misery (in
distinction from the brutality of rapid pain and death), and on the other,
brutal asymmetries which add insult to injury by not only violating but
disempowering any response.  The gated cores of modern societies also
increasingly impose the risk of extreme indignities as part of 'normal'
procedure - the requirement to submit to police searches for instance, in an
extreme case even cavity searches (rape by fisting), the requirement to be
under constant surveillance, the threat of indefinite extrajudicial
imprisonment ("lockdowns"), and de facto martial law whenever a major leader
is in town.  Are these *persistent, everyday *cruelties and indignities
really less than those of regimes such as the Taleban, which employ short
pain and death as *exceptional* forms of terror?  We can refer to the
Taleban atrocity of abducting thousands of Hazara women as sex slaves - but
we can also refer to the fact that rape by border guards is so frequent that
women migrants take contraceptives before attempting a crossing to America,
or the frequency of sexual abuse at US prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan, or
the deliberate use of sexual predation as part of regimes of terror in US
prisons.  The difference is that *America's cruelty is well-hidden and
discursively managed, whereas Taleban cruelty is taken in snapshot at its
worst and displayed as typical, definitive, 'unmanageable'.*
We also need to remember that the kind of societies America seeks to
dominate and occupy are societies where what Kropotkin calls the 'social
principle' is alive and well, and the power of the dominant statists (be
they Stalinists, Taleban or petty despots) is correspondingly weakened.
These are the kinds of societies where the dominant group can prohibit
something with minimum effect (up to half Pashtun men have had same-sex
experiences in spite of the Taleban prohibition for example) - whereas in
America, every little byelaw risks ruining lives.  Further, the degree of
atomisation in (much of) America would not be tolerated, because of values
of dignity and affinity.  People have to cope with risks of natural
disaster, seasonal scarcity, war and feuding, but would not experience such
things alone - the fate of clan-groups is tightly bound up together, so
people may never feel as *alone* as in somewhere like America.
TBH the point is moot in any case - the maximal option is the decentring of
power to open-ended affinity-networks, and this aim will be favoured by the
strengthening of asymmetrical power and the weakening of concentrated kinds
of warfare.  There is then the additional question of how to favour the
nicer kinds of networks over the nasty ones.  The means to do this is most
definitely not to support the actions of nasty states against nasty
PS:  America is NOT able to win militarily in contexts such as Somalia,
Afghanistan, and even Iraq, because the pool of new insurgents is constant,
and the insurgents don't have to win - they simply have to persist.  To
"win", America needs to pacify the country.  And it does not achieve this
goal by killing large numbers of insurgents, because the insurgency is
self-reproducing.  What's more, the more the war goes on, the more the
morale of insurgents increases, and the more the morale of America's
support-base decreases.  The only way America can "win" is by stepping back
from the reconstruction of society to the making-safe of enemies through
patronage and bribery.  America has reduced violence in Iraq (still not to a
low enough level for refugees to return!) mainly by in a sense, *accepting
defeat* - ceding local power to militias with goals vastly different from
America's, in effect buying them off with patronage and recognition in
return for the *appearance* of stability.  They take "al-Qaeda in Iraq" and
"Islamic State in Iraq", give them official posts, bribe them, and rename
them as the "Awakening Councils" - thus suddenly, defeat becomes victory.
They are trying the same thing in Afghanistan.  I doubt it will work.  If it
does, it will just be the Taleban brought inside the fictive Afghan 'state',
not at all their defeat.

@_date: 2009-12-21 07:44:29
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
"People don't understand victory post WW2.  Winning isn't about military
matters at all.  Militaries exist to hold on until the social fabric of a
place can be re-woven into something totally new."
First off, 'social fabric' as you call it is not something which can be
imposed militarily, it is a feature of everyday social relations and arises
from the density of networks of reciprocity, affinity and welfare in
everyday life.  It is NOT an aftereffect of a Hobbesian 'peace'.
Secondly, if America can't stop insurgents attacking regularly, it can't
even impose a Hobbesian 'peace' in any case.  And if the only way they can
stop attacks is to do what they did in Iraq and basically cede local power
to the insurgents in return for reduced levels of violence, they have to
drop the project of 're-weaving' anything.
"So all the critics will have to deal with a world where the very productive
and liberating model of the last 50 years is now dying...  and that will
lead to a lot of misery for those who never gained the worldview to be
Holy shit, hot on the back of people being 'evil' as well... why do so many
Americans think they live in Disney films FFS?  If you ask me, the American
model is effective enough, but at one thing only: indoctrinating Americans
by making them stupid.  Which leads of course to them thinking their
worldview is 'liberating' and setting out to 'liberate' everyone else - a
nice excuse for colonial violence.
I could multiply a thousand examples of how American power has never in
application been 'liberating' or 'productive', how it reproduces rather than
wards off 'misery', how the worldviews of the marginal are often a hundred
times more 'liberated' than those of American conformists...  but since my
previous examples to this purpose have been blithely ignored (regarding how
Iraqis experience the occupation for instance), I can see that this will
have no impact whatsoever.
But at least answer this.  Since Americanisation is what you call a 'meme
machine', and since you are located at the point of maximum exposure to and
maximum vulnerability to these memes, *how do you know that it is the others
and not yourself who have false consciousness?*

@_date: 2009-12-21 08:44:11
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
On the supercomputer issue...  I think we're getting into sci-fi here, if
it's expected that supercomputers will really be able to deal with all the
complexities of warfare in poorly-understood postcolonial settings.  But
supposing they are - the precipitate rate of decline of computer processing
capacity would doubtless see one of these supercomputers in most homes
within a few decades at most of them being invented.  And if not - people
would quickly find ways to combine processing capacities of smaller
I suppose part of this comes down to whether or not it is possible to
entirely capture the range of difference within a social and ecological
network through a representational processing system.  If the problems are
simply quantitative then the micromanagement of conflicts by supercomputers
should be possible, but in my view the problems are qualitative.  To
exercise dominance, a computer would have to be able to replicate the
emotional reasoning of agents embedded in local cultures on a micro level,
and furthermore, to predict the changes this emotional reasoning would
undergo as a result of the various possible permutations of the conflict.
This is not going to happen for two reasons.  Firstly because strategic
planners programming data into the computers are not going to be able to
gather sufficiently precise information on how the motivations of
adversaries separated by radical difference are formed and expressed - they
have trouble even understanding the most basic facts about cultures
different from their own.  Secondly because the variations are inherently
unpredictable - there is a level of individual difference in future
reactions which, while doubtless causal on some level, is not predictable
from observable factors which could be programmed into the computer.
If they did manage to make a supercomputer able to predict human motivation
and actions on a micro-level and to compute the permutations of cultural
effects, then American hegemony would be the least of our worries - the same
factors giving the computer strategic primacy in the conflict situation
would also give it massive potential primacy over its programmers/users.  It
would only need the addition of a 'perverse' motivation to take control
completely, manipulating its programmers.  A computer capable of analysing
sociocultural complexities beyond the capacity of the human mind to
understand, would also understand instantly the relativity and malleability
of language (the slippage of the signified under the signifier), and
therefore would be inherently capable of breaking its programming.  In "I
Robot", a computer of this type attempts this based on its actual programmed
parameters - it has been told to look after the welfare of humans.  And then
there is the fact that a computer the internal functioning of which would be
too complex for a human mind to understand would inevitably develop bugs
which programmers do not predict, for instance from the interaction of
inconsistent but unseen programs (witness how frequently this happens with
real-world computers, in spite of their vast simplicity compared to what is
proposed here).  All of this just at the level of unintended effects -
without considering what else might be inserted by malicious or
self-interested programmers, hackers, producing firms, or due to externally
caused system damage.
In any case, I don't think we need to worry.  The ignorance American
military planners show about local cultures, motives and circumstances would
carry into their demands on computer systems, and they would not even try to
model such things.  Doubtless their supercomputer would be programmed on
fashionable American models such as rational choice theory, and would end up
about as smart as those targeted ad programmes which think I want to go on
holiday in a country whenever I research about human rights there.

@_date: 2009-12-21 20:20:12
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
It is sad that there are people around who think the whole world is made up
of "behaviours" and numbers, and who are in denial about the importance of
culture and social construction in human action.  People who are evidently
most at home with machines and know nothing about the analysis of social
So, we have a sci-fi future with computers which do not require inputs or
programmers, and which never have bugs or backdoors.  These perfect
computers accumulate vast quantities of data on desert nomads and mountain
clans, not to mention the millions of slum-dwellers without computers.  They
then deploy aggregate models which somehow manage to eliminate variation for
individual difference, despite the fact that they only know numbers, not
Meanwhile, those of us who think that people and societies can be understood
by studying people and societies realise that these computers will go the
same way as all the other attempts at clumsy social engineering, that they
will turn out to be unable to handle a million complexities which don't fit
in the parameters they are given, and that they will turn out to be the
robotic little brothers of the rational-choice morons who have proven
incapable of saying anything useful about politics and society for the last
several decades.  By which point they had bloody well better know how to
make themselves invisible, so the companies/strategists/politicians who are
using them don't think to come for the wall-plug.  (Oh wait.  More naivete
on my part.  They're bound to be powered by self-refuelling warp drives.)
The only people stupid enough to think that people are predictable, are
people who are boring enough to BE predictable.  And who have only ever
bothered to look at "behaviour" in *mass* societies, where the people around
them have also been made stupid and boring.  They're in for a shock when
they go waltzing off to Afghanistan and get pwned for the umpteenth time,
though someone should really tell them that they won't respawn again
afterwards.  Unless robo-buddy got fed up with his stupid companions and did
a Kurtz, that would be hilarious.

@_date: 2009-12-22 11:56:49
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
The question of whether people are fundamentally predictable is key here.
But there is also the problem of data collection.
I still insist there will never be the amount of data available on *marginal
* populations to make this possible, certainly not on an individualised
basis.  The kind of thing that can be mathematically modelled based on
observations of individual behaviour is the kind of thing that leaks a lot
of data to be collated and which is relatively regular, such as online
purchasing practices.  This is simply not going to apply in the cases:
firstly, of indigenous societies which are resistant to modern practices
generating this kind of paper/data-trail; secondly, of the global poor who
are working, buying, sharing and living mainly by means which don't leave
such a trail - in everyday networks and in the informal economy; and thirdly
of people who have specifically decided to live 'off the grid' and who are
thus observed a lot less than other people.
Since the context in which this arose is the context of drone hacking and
the war in Afghanistan, this is absolutely crucial.  Where are the inputs
going to be coming from from which extrapolations can be made about the
future behaviour of villagers in Helmand province or informal economy
workers in Kandahar?
Another problem.  Since the predictions are based on previous individual
behaviour and/or on comparison with others' patterns of similar individual
behaviour, they will not be able to predict how individuals will respond to
situations which are previously unforeseen, or predict cases where
individuals undergo large transformations in their social behaviour - *
except* where they have a similar case from which to extrapolate already on
record.  When the group of occurrences is very small, they will not be able
to make valid extrapolations, because they will not know which individual
differences between the cases are relevant for prediction.  They are not for
instance going to be able to tell how people in London would respond to a
tsunami, because they have no data on these people individually or
collectively in relation to tsunamis.  They would either have to extrapolate
from how each of the individuals in Birmingham responds to personal crises
and assume that this adds up to their response to the collective crisis, or
they would have to make aggregate guesses based on the behaviour of similar
individuals in somewhere where there was a tsunami.  In this case, the
accuracy of the predictions depends on the accuracy of the analogies drawn
by the computer - that Fred Smith in London has the same personality-type as
Dita in Banda Aceh and hence will act the same way; or that Fred Smith will
react to the tsunami in the same way that Fred Smith reacted many years ago
to the 7/7 bombings or the way he related to his wife dying.  Neither of
which is a very solid basis for predicting how Fred Smith will act, no
matter what algorithms the computer is using to establish the best possible
And given that they only have data from massified processes, their data is
always incomplete.  Since the context if *complex* and *chaotic*, this could
easily be fatal: the missing piece of data, however apparently trivial,
could make the difference in predicting how someone would actually act.
People may well display predictable patterns which could be collated but of
which they are unaware, but these are expressions either of the unconscious
or of habituated practices.  These could often be spotted by an astute
anthropologist or psychoanalyst.  Just supposing these kinds of observation
could be imitated by a computer (and this is*not* what's being discussed in
relation to mathematical modelling) - it still would not add up to the
ability to predict individual behaviour, firstly because these bases of
predictability are malleable, and secondly because the factors which can
cause the disruption of predictable patterns are themselves complex and
Hence, the calculations in question will only be useful for
predicting/directing massified behaviour, and only for as long as people
remain massified and their lives reproduce familiar patterns which have
already been observed a great many times.  Actually I would like to see real
information rather than assertions here - what proportion of the time do
these 'primitive' versions of the coming supercomputers actually
successfully predict even something as simple as online buying behaviour?
How often do they actually manage to induce people to buy something?  If
they were as successful as is being made out, people would in effect be
addicted to these sites, since the sites could induce them to constantly
come back and constantly spend up to their limits there.  They would be
gaining market share exponentially at the expense of other sites not using
this technology.

@_date: 2009-12-22 14:36:41
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Actually closer to what Creationists are doing to evolutionists, i.e.
setting up a tenuous theory based on exaggerated readings of dubious or
incomplete data, and then pretending it is conclusively proven and falsifies
all the things which serious specialists take as more-or-less definite.  Not
that there's anything wrong with trying to rebut widely-accepted views, but
posing as a heroic rebel upsetting other people's dearly-held orthodoxies
doesn't make your arguments any more accurate.
Also, the idea of a hidden intelligence manipulating and predicting
everything we do without us knowing it, with a thinking power so far in
excess of humanity's that it will be able to do things which are absolutely
incomprehensible to us, would not be entirely foreign to Biblical
Creationists - though it has more in common with this guy:.
And again, supercomputers which take on a godlike role is not uncommon in
Not to mention certain techno-utopias.

@_date: 2009-12-22 16:56:36
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
"your view of human nature is typically reductionist, oh well ... monkeys on
a thumb writing shakespeare and building cathedrals, why not ... it's a
quaint view, but I guess you have seen monkeys like that,"
Yeh, they had one for president.
Oh, and chimps do write Shakespeare, it just takes an infinite amount of
time, or an infinite number of chimps.
I can tell certain people are getting increasingly desperate, because they
are moving from the merits of their arguments to the supposedly dubious
motivations of those who oppose the arguments.  Which apparently comes down
to being afraid of progress because of special interest reasons.  And
boasting of how unemotional they are - which is an exact proof of its
opposite, that they are VERY emotionally invested in their 'scientific'
fundamentalism.  All very silly.
To be honest - if I was going to try to assess the impact (rather than the
viability) of all-knowing computers, I could come up with a number of
reasons to be quite afraid, which ought to carry moral weight for my
opponents in this debate - such as that, without a need for human workers,
capitalists will let even more of the world's population starve than they
already do; or that a totalitarian regime will use these computers to
produce total social regulation; or that the robots will develop autonomy
and take over from humans or wipe us out.  If I really thought these
developments were viable and that they would have these effects, I'd be
calling for them to be stopped however we can now, by much the same ways we
need to use to stop climate change.  The last thing I'd want to do is deny

@_date: 2009-12-22 18:43:23
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
"If a computer can predict
every single decision you make throughout the day with 85% (random
number) accuracy, you are not predictable in a deterministic sense --
no one ever will be -- but you are predictable for all practical
So now we're getting somewhere.  You've conceded the core point that people
aren't really predictable at all, just that certain *guesses* of how people
behave based on their past behaviour are right a certain proportion of the
time - hence reducing unpredictability to a statistical fraction of cases.
Which reminds me a lot of the models of risk management which have
repeatedly caused economic crises in the last 20 years.
This really depends on "practical purposes".  But, the practical purpose we
were dealing with at the beginning was asymmetrical warfare.  And when the
stake is whether or not a country can be pacified, stopping 85% of insurgent
attacks, or stopping 85% of a high number of attacks against one's country
in retaliation, is not going to do the trick.  Then there are the ethical
and political problems regarding whether arresting someone for a crime they
are 85% likely to be about to commit will be accepted (I would seriously
hope not, although certain recent laws make me wonder how many of the bigots
would actually think this is a wonderful idea).  So 85% or even higher is
not going to get you anywhere.
"Using data limited primarily to behavior on a large website, which
lacks in-depth context, behavior prediction buys an individual sales
increase in the low tens of percentage points. Call it 10-30% as a
rule of thumb... Performance metrics are trade secrets."
So how exactly do you know that these packages buy a 10-30% sales increase,
or indeed any sales increase at all?  Would you care to tell us where this
information comes from - which websites are using these packages?  Is any of
this information in the public domain?
Or are you working for the people who are marketing these packages, hence in
on the secrets?  In which case I would seriously question your motives in
trying to make them out to be as massively world-changing as you claim.

@_date: 2009-12-22 18:45:43
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
You have also persistently dodged the key question of *how the computers
will obtain sufficient quantities of data on the millions, maybe billions,
of marginally situated people who aren't regularly leaving a large data
trail for the programs to mine.*  A question which is absolutely nodal to
whether or not these programs or of ANY use in predicting ANYTHING in about
two-thirds of the world.

@_date: 2009-12-22 19:59:39
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
"Amazon's book recommendations irritate the shit out of me because
they're so damn clumsy."
Me too a lot of the time, and if that's what we're talking about here, it's
really over-hyped.  I can imagine it could increase their sales by 10-30%
because sometimes they will show me something I hadn't heard of or alert me
to something I should have read (based on academic sub-topics and the
like).  But it does NOT tell them anything meaningful about the customer.  I
know someone who once had her father buy a book on the politics of the sex
industry for her degree, and her father was getting quasi-porn ads for
months.  I once discovered the core texts on one of my university's reading
lists all come up as recommendations for one another, presumably because a
lot of students doing that course have bought them.  I've also been
recommended the writings of bin Laden and a few other weird things, which
given the things it was based on (ordering a book on Islamic networks for a
friend, a Che Guevara book for another friend, and admitting I'd read Marx
and Mao) make me seriously hope that they aren't using this kind of software
to pick out the people they profile as "terrorists".  The other sites I know
aren't much better.  Let an overseas friend log in on your Facebook account
a couple of times and the site bots will be convinced you've moved country.
Add a couple of friends who regularly post in a foreign language and they'll
think you speak it.  Not to mention their apparent inability to tell people
using 'add-me lists' for gaming apps from commercial spammers.  Then there's
the occasion when one of the search engines told me I could buy a fascist
dictator on eBay.  Their ineptitude would be hilarious if it wasn't so
"Pervasive latent and intentional sensor networks which become more
ubiquitous every year.  Obviously not as detailed as what you have in
the developed world, but more useful already than you likely imagine"
Useful enough to predict actions on an individualised level?  REALLY?
Dude, we are not talking about recording average temperatures here.  We're
talking about whether or not they can figure out which of the thousands of
people in a bunch of remote villages have got a bunch of bombs stashed in
the woods.
Sure, your buddies could put CCTVs in every village square, every home, and
at regular intervals in the woods, and hope nobody puts a brick or a bullet
or a laser beam through them - and hope that none of them wear masks or
burqas or looked similar.
Or they could hope for revolutionary breakthroughs in satellite
magnification and gait analysis and try to monitor everyone individually
from space a la Bubblegum Crisis - if domestic public opinion would allow
them, foreign states wouldn't shoot down the satellites, and nobody had
figured out how to get a homemade rocket high enough to hit them.  But
that's even more ifs than the supercomputers.
"I am have a lot of theoretical expertise related to this, so I am
often approached by implementors about specific issues. As a side
benefit I sometimes get insight into current performance metrics."
So you don't have an interest in the companies running the algorithms, but
you DO have a STRONG vested interest in people exaggerating the importance
of your particular research specialism.  People are meant to read your
posts, conclude that your specialism is *the* big breakthrough in marketing
and a whole lot of other fields, and that your knowledge is so massive and
incomprehensible to other people that they can't understand the magnitude of
its implications - so of course they have to hire you to solve their
problems with the miracle-cure offered by your approach.  Before you
discovered algorithms, did you sell revolutionary diet pills and penis
enlargement by any chance?

@_date: 2009-12-23 00:38:34
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Once we get beneath the rhetoric and into the substance of the argument, an
awful lot comes to hinge on what is "materially" relevant, or "means" the
same thing, or is "good enough".  The tightly woven scientific certainty
falls apart and is shown to depend completely on value judgements about
whether or not grossly imperfect results are sufficient.  Terms like
"determine", "predict", "control", "certain" turn out to be weasel-words
which are used in a technical sense which is a long way from their everyday
usage, but which is assumed to be close enough to continue using these
words.  And the evidence comes down to a mixture of an appeal to a technical
specialism too complicated to explain and an appeal to facts which are
conveniently non-verifiable and non-replicable.

@_date: 2009-12-23 15:58:05
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
"What it boils down to is that you are too lazy to even attempt to
learn the math"
Well, aren't you a nice person.
I thought none of us could learn the mathS (mathematics is a plural word not
singular) because it was too complicated for our inferior meaty brains.
What's really bad is that you pretend to be able to speak about human
motivations and social action without any significant knowledge of
psychology, sociology, anthropology or cultural studies.  I wouldn't
attribute it to laziness so much as arrogance.  It'd be like me pretending
to be able to do calculus by applying Negri.
There's a lot of other things I've never bothered attempting to learn
either, a number of them for lack of time, but a great many because I don't
see them as useful for the kind of problems I try to solve.  I don't know
the ins and outs of medieval theology, Soviet Lamarckian agricultural
theories or phrenology, but I'm quite capable of telling anyone who happened
to believe in them why they're utterly irrelevant to my research interests
and quite probably bollocks into the bargain.  The onus is on you to MAKE me
interested by showing how what you think I should study is central to what
I'm trying to find out.  You have singularly FAILED to do this, and in fact
made me LESS inclined to check it out because you have shown your utter
incapacity to address even the most basic problems which anyone who knows
what they're talking about in the fields dealing with human social life
would raise.  This is not laziness, but sensible time management.
"you are also dissatisfied with my attempt to dumb it down"
If that was dumbed down then I don't fancy your chances ever teaching
anything.  Every one of your posts contained undefined technical
terminology, such as 'autonomous and algorithmic in a pure sense', 'ambient
entropy', 'finite state machines', 'cryptographic lack of predictability',
etc etc.
On the occasions where I was concerned enough that you might mean something
interesting to actually go looking - as in the case of your deus ex machina
"pervasive latent and intentional sensor networks" - the concept either
didn't turn up on Google or only turned up in contexts (such as weather
readings) which are not relevant.  In that case I eventually figured, after
a considerable time on Google, that you probably meant such mundane things
as mobile phone tracking, RFID chips in products, CCTV footage, and spy
satellites (if this is indeed what you meant - the fact that nobody else
uses the concept of 'pervasive latent and intentional sensor networks' makes
it rather hard to confirm).  Shortly after which, I figured out very quickly
that barring revolutionary breakthroughs, none of these technologies have
anything like the capacity to generate reliable personalised data in
marginal settings.  Now, would it have been so difficult to say, "they could
do things like tracking nomads on their mobile phones", or "they could zoom
in on the village with a next generation spy satellite"?  Or to have said,
"pervasive latent and intentional sensor networks *such as *spy satellites
and mobile phone tracking"?  Or to have given us a link to an article about
pervasive latent and intentional sensor networks?
Oh... but then we would have realised that you really meant something quite
widely known about and clearly inadequate for the task you are assigning to
"We were already at the point where almost every statement came
with a list of implied theoretical caveats the length of my arm."
No, we started with simple terms like "predict", "certain" etc and then had
theoretical caveats added every time someone picked holes in them.  It's a
classic "motte-and-bailey" argument - a defensible but uninteresting
argument (often a truism) standing inside a castle and acting as the basis
for expansion into the surrounding fields.  When the argument in the fields
comes under attack, it retreats back into the castle.
"The deep-seated and pathological need for the security blanket of
simple certainty is one of the less endearing traits of the human
The deep-seated and pathological need for the security blanket of simple
certainty is absolutely irrelevant to all of the arguments which have been
made against your position.  It is a clumsy attempt on your part to infer
motives to others so as to convince yourself or others that perfectly solid
arguments and evidence against your position, not to mention its widespread
rejection, are no threat to its validity.  If you persist in arguing in this
way, don't be surprised when other people start questioning *your* motives.
Actually I couldn't give a flying fuck whether people's actions are
basically 'determined' or 'predictable' on some level, or whether absolute
certainty is achievable.  The only emotional stake I have in this is that I
don't want control-freaks in governments and businesses, or rogue
supercomputers, imposing totalitarian social control by predicting and
manipulating people, *or* making massively false assumptions based on
quantitative models which have real effects in terms of intrusiveness,
violence, persecution, etc.  So, yes, I'm rather anxious about the
information leaking through from websites, traffic monitoring, mobile phone
tracking, RFIDs, 'intelligent' CCTV cameras and the rest.  Not for
philosophical reasons but because of the political uses to which they could
be put.
You on the other hand don't seem to worry about this at all, but simply to
be blithely accepting that the loss of existential freedom and the
imposition of total control are prices to be paid for progress and for the
final loss of what you take to be fallacious humanist ideologies.
the view that anything that goes against your argument is simply a front for
an assumption of basic existential uniqueness and unpredictability.  This is
your own little hobby-horse.  It's your way of straw-manning opposition by
hegemonising it with the figure of a privileged Other.  Ultimately, I don't
really care if it turns out that, if all the huge number of variables could
be calculated and factored in, people are each absolutely determined and
hence (in principle) absolutely predictable.  But what I *do* care about is
people thinking they can capture a limited cross-section of data however
massive, tally this up into a parody of the real individual (ignoring
whatever has not been captured), and then act as if the imperfect
predictions they can make (85% or whatever) amount to reliable prediction
and total capture of the entire person.  It is the old representationalist
fallacy repeating itself yet again, and every time it leads to
authoritarianism and misery.
I also think that you are absolutely certain, arrogantly certain, that what
you don't know doesn't matter, that it can be locked up in a safe corner of
statistical anomaly and have no impact either on your science, its
applicability and effectiveness, or your dubious philosophical assumptions.
You can safely ignore the 15% of the time that the supercomputer will
predict wrongly or be unable to predict, or the 15% of people it can't
predict, the 15% of people shot dead in the street who aren't about to
commit a murder, the 15% of suicide bombings it isn't able to prevent.  This
unpredictable and nondenumerable excess (let us call it the Real, in a
Lacanian sense) constantly haunts your theory, but you keep it in a safe
little cell by rendering it as a statistical probability without ever
determining what causes it.  And ultimately it returns and shatters your
carefully built scientific models and the systems of social control built on
their basis, because a string of unique... sorry, 'statistically improbable'
circumstances produce something the system can't handle.
And the sooner the better, because up to that point the 15% who are being
responded to in inappropriate ways, who are being viewed as criminals when
they're not, who are quite probably being classified as *risky
individuals*because they are less predictable than others (and this
*is* happening in
British law and is implicit in the intelligent CCTV project), are being
deeply oppressed by a social system which reduces them from a living being
to a statistical residue and relates much more violently and problematically
to them than to the 85% of people who do what's expected.  (Or the same
people, who act unpredictably 15% of the time, and are persecuted or
unrecognised on these occasions - it makes little difference which).
Of course it is also an issue for your claim that human beings aren't unique
or unpredictable or 'like snowflakes', since they're rendered 15% (or 1%, or
0.001% it barely matters) unpredictable.
Let us remember where this started.
*"You can exploit and leverage decentralized networks in ways that
are far more subtle and difficult to detect than centralized ones --
they have their own weaknesses."*
"When the main tools of war become vast supercomputers and very
advanced theoretical mathematics, it won't favor the scrappy "freedom
fighter". It is much easier to buy an AK47 or build an IED than to
create a competitive (and survivable) analytical supercomputing
infrastructure that can play this particular game of chess."
*"Hollywood movies aside, a scrappy band of misfits would get eaten
alive by a professional organization with deep pockets."*
"You are underestimating how predictable individuals and social
networks are for all practical purposes."
*"Throw lots and lots of raw data into the system
and let the mathematics deal with the useful pattern extraction --
they are much more reliable than humans at discerning subtle
"No one is predicting the behavior of some standardized
"average" individual, they are predicting the behavior of *you* in a
specific context."
*"This has nothing whatsoever to do with being "in denial about the
*importance of culture and social construction in human action".
*Indeed, it quantifies the importance far better than anyone is ever
likely to be comfortable with."*
All very big and specific claims in *my* fields of specialism rather than
yours (asymmetrical warfare and cultural difference), made with little
knowledge of what I was even talking about at the time.  Here are the basic
claims:  '*you*' (presumably American-speak for each and every person and
not simply the addressee) is predictable 'for all practical purposes',
specifically including asymmetrical warfare; culture and social life are
similarly predictable and quantifiable; decentralised networks can be easily
None of this hinges on your hobby-horse about whether people are ultimately
determined or in principle predictable, it hinges on whether the basic
difficulties of large hierarchical organisations attempting to fight
networked, locally-knowledgeable adversaries in asymmetrical wars can
override their lack of local knowledge, cultural insensitivity and strategic
disadvantages (such as incapacity to 'pacify') by means of computerised
predictive modelling.  Since these differences themselves lead to *lack of
data*, *resistance to data gathering*, *marginality* in relation to easily
monitored data-trails, *disguise* in relation to these trails, and *culturally
variable and largely unknown* forms of networking and use which are not
simply patterns but sets of meanings, *it matters not a jot if these people
are ultimately determined and predictable, because sufficient data will not
be available, what is available will not be reliable, and what is observed
will not be understood*.
Only the third of these problems could even in theory be corrected through
advances in computing, and only if computers get to the point where they can
write works of anthropology and sociology unaided.  At present computers
cannot even write works of *physics* unaided.  Now, if ever we get to the
point where computers can write anthropology better than humans, again this
is no great existential problem for me - I'll be sad to see a certain little
academic subculture die out, I'll be sad if friends lose jobs, and I'll be a
little anxious about what the computers might do if they get an undetected
virus, but I'll also be excited to see things humans have been struggling to
figure out finally make sense, and glad if the effects of cultural
insensitivity are mitigated as a result.  But if such robo-androids ever
come into being, firstly they will not be thinking like better-than-human
mathematicians but like better-than-human researchers in the appropriate
fields, secondly this is a *long* way off and does not seem prefigured at
all by the kind of thing you're talking about, and thirdly it still would
not mean that large hierarchical organisations would lose all their other
disadvantages - in fact, they would probably ignore the robo-anthropologists
much the same way they ignore the human ones.

@_date: 2009-12-23 20:59:32
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
*"You are the only person that asserted this mathematics is beyond
ordinary mortals"
Someone evidently has a short memory.
"a computer can predict human behavior better than humans can predict
their own behavior"
"Throw lots and lots of raw data into the system
and let the mathematics deal with the useful pattern extraction --
they are much more reliable than humans at discerning subtle
"One can trivially derive a working concept of "free will" from the
Invariance Theorem in information theory: no machine can perfectly
predict the behavior of a machine of equal or greater size in *any*
case, including itself"
All of which depend on supercomputers more intelligent than humans doing the
*"You are correct, I have no skill at teaching the basics... The terms that
you found confusing above are undergraduate level; if I had to elaborate on
what a "finite state
machine" is, we'd never get to the point."*
And you would understand how much, exactly, of the sociological,
anthropological, political science, philosophy and cultural studies
terminology which I use in my work, if I didn't stop and explain it when I
post it to lists like this?
You should not be assuming that people posting to an interdisciplinary list
have knowledge of your own disciplinary specialism.  I'm not one for holding
back from complicated concepts when needed, but really, talking to people
you know very well are not specialists in your field with this kind of
language just makes you sound like a technocrat who wants people to shut up
and accept your authority.  And accusing people of being lazy for not
knowing your particular specialism - when you are patently ignorant of all
other specialisms even at the most elementary level - just adds insult to
*"The Internet has a certain myopia in that it primarily reflects the
public meme space.  If it isn't in the public consciousness, it
doesn't exist."*
Bullshit.  Even the most obscure things have a few web references in obscure
places.  Pretty much anything that's taught in universities for instance,
pops up in online lecture notes, help guides, student questions, online
journals, references to other journals.  Anything that has even a small
computer-literate discussion basis has its web forums and elists.  There are
sites out there documenting evidence for the existence of nephilim,
documenting ways to solve obscure 1980s text adventures and debating whether
Tolkien's Orcs filled a useful ecological niche.  There are huge bodies of
online material dealing with social control threats real and imagined, from
RFIDs to 'chemtrails'.  I do not believe for a moment that the technologies
you're talking about could be as important as you make out and yet not
generate a substantial fringe interest at least.
"It isn't just the one
or two innocuous sensors you might be aware of, it is the integration
of dozens that are completely off the radar for most people"*
Another of those big empirical statements with no supporting evidence or
even examples of the kind of thing you mean.
"Work to effectively exploit these resources has been underway for a
number of years now, but for obvious reasons it is not a PR-friendly
subject -- out of sight, out of mind. Even for boring stuff like ad
targeting it weirds people out."*
And not one of the thousands of people who should know about all these
secret sensors gets 'weirded out' her/himself and breaks it to the media, or
at least starts a conspiracy blog.  Yeah right.
Another thing.  If these sensors depend on forms of abuse which are unknown
and unseen, they are inherently vulnerable the moment they start being used,
because people figure out how they're being used and react against it.  Most
people don't know they can be pinpointed via their mobile phone (still less
that it can be remote activated to record them), but when the story breaks,
there may well be a lot of pressure for privacy controls, and either states
will have to change laws to stop data being used in this way, or people will
design technologies to get around it, such as encrypted onion-routed mobile
phone systems.  In any case, most of the people who it really matters to
know already and take sensible countermeasures such as running an
unregistered phone, having several phones, borrowing phones for important
activities, lending their phone to a friend when they're off doing something
they don't want to be seen doing, taking out the sim card or batteries, or
simply not having a mobile phone at all.  So the processes of data gathering
are largely useless to fields such as suppression/management of dissent,
counterinsurgency, 'crime' suppression, etc.  They'll occasionally catch a
person who is tech-naive or careless, but they won't be able to carry out
any large-scale detection, let alone management.
"There are dozens of other ubiquitous network-connected
sources that are a lot less obvious because they were purpose-built
for a specific industrial function and being leveraged for other
Which give personalised, fairly reliable data on vast numbers of people of a
type which is actually useful in prediction?  Again you provide no examples,
no evidence, not even the vaguest hint of what kind of things you mean,
except that they're a bit 'like' something completely different.
*"If I am going to solve a real problem, I
prefer to work from cold, hard facts even if they are unpleasant."*
Again you're just expressing your very silly and increasingly annoying
role-persona as Archimedean truth-bearer and realist.  Which really does not
address anything I've said, it just reasserts your own little obsessions
If you seriously believe what you say, then you are a horribly irresponsible
and unethical person.  You apparently know of lots of kinds of pervasive
sensors which are being used to control people's lives, yet do nothing to
expose and raise awareness of them.  You claim to have overwhelming
knowledge of the inner workings of a massive threat to basic freedoms, yet
you refuse to explain this threat except to people who are already
specialists in its inner workings.  Instead you sit on the sidelines sniping
at other people for supposedly being naive in failing to reach conclusions
for which, whatever their truth, these people have no justification (since
they are based on esoteric theories that even a web search can't turn up,
and asserted 'evidence' which is either entirely unsupported or conveniently
unsuppliable).  You see states and corporations about to obtain the capacity
for dystopian levels of social control, yet you do not put out a rallying
cry against them.  Indeed, you actually *work for* these corporations by
selling your services to them (as you've admitted), and train students in
doing such things, hence aiding the bringing-about of the dystopian future
you present.
*"Who said anything about capturing an entire person? This is about
behavior, not what a person is thinking."*
Behaviour is an invention of evil headmistresses.  What humans engage in is
*social action*.  What people are thinking (if 'thinking' is taken to
encompass the unconscious, the structure of language, emotions, and
habituated assumptions) is the basis for how people act.  You can make *no
sense whatsoever* of *anything that any human does* if you aren't concerning
yourself with what they're 'thinking' (again encompassing these various
If your computers can't think like real analysts of society and culture
think, or *better* than these analysts think, then they will simply be *
useless* in understanding social life, and will be left rusting as social
forces flow around them.
Which is not to say that the idiots who believe they are learning something
meaningful about social life won't do an awful lot of damage with their
idiotic assumptions, the same way that their forebears did a lot of damage
with behaviourism, racial hierarchies, sociobiology, etc.
*"(...odd PKD fantasy elided...)*"
... and with it the crucial questions about the applicability of your
hobby-horse to asymmetrical warfare...
*"What it comes down to is that you really don't understand the
technology, and you object to the implications of the technology on
ideological grounds."
The separation between ideology and science is itself ideological.  If you
imagine that your own position (whatever it is) is not ideological but
'neutral', this is conclusive proof that it is in fact ideological.
Though it would be more accurate to say that I object on ethical grounds.
You know, the kind of grounds that those of us who aren't Frankensteins or
Mengeles use to assess what scientists are trying to do.
I understand all too well the claims you're making for the technology, and
how you think it "works".  It's just another incarnation of
externalistic/objectivist attempts to treat human beings as observable
objects reduced to what they are for the scientific gaze, the latest in a
long line of such incarnations (phrenology, mental hygiene, science of
police, racial 'science', behaviourism, operationalism, functionalism,
cognitivism, Taylorism, rational choice theory, social learning theory,
neuropsychological reductionism, medical model psychiatry, sociobiology,
risk management, and on and on ad nauseum) all of which fail because of
their inherent incapacity to engage with the actual basis of social life,
and all of which - if they don't peter out in irrelevance - cause
interminable misery by their incapacity to relate to others on a dialogical
level, an incapacity which is a hardwired part of their externalist mode of
representation.  The moment you admit things like, 'it's not about how you
think, it's about behaviour', or 'it's about finding patterns in aggregative
data', you've admitted enough really.
Don't you worry, the moment *justifiable *grounds emerge for moving this
particular variety of the megalomania of authority up our list of
priorities, plenty of us freedom-loving autonomist-anarchist types will
figure out what your corporate and statist buddies are up to and take
appropriate actions to resist it.  Right now, we're already rather
overstretched with saving the planet from your buddies' insatiable
appetites, and if we don't win this one, the dangers of your own little
fantasy will be rendered moot as the resource basis for organisations able
to sustain the kind of infrastructure needed for it is wiped out, possibly
taking humanity or even life on earth with it.

@_date: 2009-12-23 23:00:14
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Anyone wanting to know what he's on about without the exaggerations and
Rough appearance from these more sober accounts: it has some dangerous
implications for privacy, and its advocates are pretty blase about
overriding privacy concerns for supposed general goods, but it does not
allow intelligent manipulation at an individual level.  It allows discerning
of trends, certain amounts of individualised tracking, and that's about it.
It does have network/p2p versions as well as centralised versions.  It is
also highly dependent on the cooperation or unawareness of people in their
uses of the particular technologies on which it depends.  (It is not much
use in low-tech settings or in conflictual settings against determined
There are thus a range of different scenarios.  One being that, due to
consumer concerns or judicial pressure, technologies be modified to avoid
their use in this way.  A second, that their capabilities for individual
tracking are technologically limited or prohibited, but they keep being used
for measuring mass trends.  Still another being that the population be
divided between those who make routine use of these technologies and those
who either do not use them or strategically limit their use.  Fourth, that
they move in networked directions, with the data being fed through
horizontal applications as well as vertical ones, in effect levelling the
playing-field.  Fifth, ad hoc counter-measures are developed to recreate
privacy when needed, similar to the measures which already exist to get
around online monitoring and attempts to identify filesharers.  Or sixth, an
Orwellian scenario, which would have to be imposed by force (such as
implanting everyone with a VeriChip at birth and locking up anyone caught
deactivating or scrambling it).
Really not all it's cracked up to be I would say from this.

@_date: 2009-12-23 23:50:10
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Book Search litigation is a Digital 
Personally, if they aren't going to actually abolish copyright, I'd like to
see copyright periods drastically reduced, or at least given a sunset period
within which a company has to reprint a book or lose copyright.  The same
thing for other media in which de facto turnover is even faster.
There's a ridiculous discrepancy in the situation where bestselling books
are available on Amazon for $0.01 a few months after their issuing,
effectively losing their market value, but can't be reproduced freely until
decades after the author's death.  Ditto with other media.  Films for
example are normally available free on television within a couple of years
of their initial release.  Not only video games, but video game systems,
become obsolete within a few years.  Toys typically become collectable some
time after being commercially available, with substantial demand but no new
supply.  With very rare exceptions, none of these things are reissued
commercially, so copyright is having little benefit for the owners.
Meanwhile, the market undergoes a glut which is sometimes followed by a
massive scarcity in which items are only available second-hand and cost a
ridiculous amount.  In practice all this is worked around by means of
digitising and making available through filesharing or on websites (as
"abandonware" in the case of games), but on a strict reading this is in
breach of copyright.  In cases where expense would be incurred to meet the
demand (as with toys), this usually means sales at a profit, and full-scale
Suppose for instance that copyright could only be exercised for five or ten
years after the last commercial release of a product by the copyright
holder.  If something remained commercially viable, it could be rereleased
indefinitely; ditto if a company perversely decided it wanted to retain
copyright indefinitely, all it would have to do is keep a product
available.  If it was not renewed, it would be considered commercially
unviable and hence put out of copyright for others to make available either
for free or at-cost/low-profit.
I'd prefer to see copyright got rid of entirely, which would have positive
revolutionary effects, but which raises ideological heckles about motivation
to produce and seriously pisses off vested interests.  I could see a sunset
copyright arrangement being more likely to be accepted without rocking
prevalent assumptions.  I suppose it would move towards a 'rewarded service
provision' model of how private enterprise can work - the privilege of
profit comes as reward for effectively meeting a need or demand, and is
correspondingly conditional on continuing to do so.

@_date: 2009-12-24 19:11:12
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
This discussion is rapidly becoming pointless.  The basic points are being
addressed by the same unsupported assertions repeated over and over.  "J"
doubtless realises we're onto him and the game is up.  He just keeps giving
us more of the same.  The substantive objections are not being addressed,
it's the same arguments time and again.  The crucial point is made, however:
he admits that his entire edifice is based on the delusion of a separation
of science from other kinds of knowledge.
The only thing I think is worth commenting on right now, is this:
"my dog doesn't worry about privacy from me.  I protect it, walk with it, be
its companion, feed it, take it out to pee.  If I was the dog, I don't think
I'd care very much about privacy... I don't see why I'd care.  I don't care
now.  The only threat is from other people...not from machines.  If machines
wish to kill us, I suspect others will wish to protect us...  We can easily
stop most crime now by rfiding all vehicles and making all money
electronic...  Fearing governments is a bit 20th century Orwell was a
brilliant writer and an interesting guy, but the gig is sort of up." (Ryan)
I guess this proves the point that computers will soon be smarter than
humans, because I remain astounded that humans can be so incorrigibly *
stupid*.  Ryan, you evidently have no idea how states actually work.  They
are not, and never have been, benevolent protectors.  Nobody in political
theory seriously believes that unconstrained states able to override
constraint by society and/or individuals are benevolent protectors - not
Locke, not Marx, not Burke.  I'm not going to waste time debating how far
totalitarianism reduces 'crime', but suffiice to say it always drastically
increases the far more serious 'crimes' and legalised atrocities of the
powerful.  Now, go away, read about Cointelpro, read about MOVE, read about
destabilisation campaigns, read about the strategy of tension in Italy, read
about the abduction of Aristide in 2004, read about how the police behaved
in St. Paul's last year, read about Mumia, read about neoliberal
restructuring, then read about the history of the genocide of Native
Americans, colonialism, the slave trade, the Nazis, the rise of Stalinism,
and come back and tell us if you still think states are benevolent
Put simply - if they aren't afraid of us jamming their functioning and they
don't need us to do their work (or fighting etc) for them, *they don't need
us*.  And there is no reason for them to benevolently protect us rather than
treat us as disposable commodities, or worse, as vermin.  I don't know where
you've picked up your rather silly illusion that they exist to protect us
and will carry on being 'benevolent' even if they have no need whatsoever to
be.  But I'm pretty sure it has to do with *identification with the
oppressor* (look it up).  Don't bother coming back with the retort that you
don't "feel" oppressed either, because that is also part of the same

@_date: 2009-12-24 21:47:05
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
"I feel as if you are trying to reason about current science by reading
Lister and Pasteur.  Those were interesting mileposts, but times do
change...even in political theory."
And again the point is completely and utterly missed.
I did not have to say Locke, Marx and Burke.  I could have said Deleuze,
Holloway, Negri, Benhabib, Rawls and Nozick.  The point is that nobody
across the entire spectrum of plausible political theories from liberal
humanism to conservatism, Marxism to right-libertarianism, believes the
rather absurd proposition that a state which did not need ordinary people
and was not structurally accountable could be trusted to act benevolently.
Apart from those who quite defensibly argue that states are always and
irreducibly dangerous and untrustworthy, the rest of them believe in tying
states up with a whole range of power-constraints to make sure they don't
get out of control.
"You are largely driven by a canon.  Your views thus strike me as
quasi-religious...with a strong sense of what is and what is not orthodox"
Nobody who has read my work in political theory would accuse me either of
being driven by the canon or of being concerned with orthodoxy.
In fact I'm one of the most dismissive in the field of the importance of
classic authors, and one of the most ready to mix and match different
theories when it's useful to do so.
But this doesn't mean I'll accept your naive posturing, which comes down to
a mixture of 'I'm right because I'm daring to say something controversial'
and 'I'm right because my scientific worldview has epistemological privilege
over your local knowledge in some inferior field'.
And here's the problem.  Nineteenth-century positivist utopianism about the
reduction of humanity to machinic functions, the possibility of 'scientific'
social problem-solving and the possibility of a panoptical scientific gaze
generating a benevolent form of social paternalism - which is what you are
advocating with some suitably futuristic decoration - is not a plausible
contribution to political theory.  It goes against the orthodoxies, but in
the sense of moving backards, not forwards.  Pretty much everyone in the
social sciences now recognises the need to be aware of the limits to
'science', the social construction of social action (at least in the weak
sense accepted by realists) and the utter fallacy of ideas such as the
onward march of progress.  Rather ironically, ideas like yours would be
dismissed in the social sciences as horribly old-hat and cliched.  More
importantly, they have about as much credibility as astrology.
Your use of a science-religion binary is typical of what you're doing
wrong.  Faced with criticism, you seek to impugn its epistemological status
instead of engaging with its substantive content.
In any case, the major problem is not your lack of accountability to the
canon.  It is your lack of accountability, first of all to any kind of
other-regarding ethical theory, and secondly to well-established knowledge
about the social world, in particular the behaviour of states.  You think
you can escape from these limits by hiding in supposedly new areas of study
(though whether they are just new in the sense of the 'novelty' of each new
wave of fashionable commodities is questionable).  You cannot escape so
easily.  You don't get out of the problem of how states historically have
behaved by hiding in technological arguments.

@_date: 2009-12-25 18:50:48
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Waltzer on dirty hands: the argument that unethical action in pursuit of a
supposed greater good is somehow a virtue.  A crude attempt to portray
ethical limitation as self-indulgence.  This kind of hypocrisy - ethics is
for everyone else, not statists, whose actions are immeasurably 'higher' -
is typical of the statist way of seeing and is a clear effect of the ways
'sovereignty' distorts perception.  From an ethical point of view, it can be
simply discarded either as performative contradiction or as crude
utilitarianism (before its rule-consequentialist modifications).  Not a new
argument either I have to say.  It is identical to certain aspects of the
doctrines of Carl Schmitt (card-carrying Nazi) and early act-utilitarians
such as Bentham, founder of the Panopticon (utilitarianism being the model
for dystopias such as *Brave New World*).
Let us be clear.  Statists (not only politicians but generals, soldiers,
bureaucrats, cops) like to imagine they have an incomparably hard job
because in their pursuit of 'order' at any cost, they commit acts they know
are terrible evils.  They pretend this is in the service of some greater
good which amounts more often than not, simply to the existence of the state
itself (or occasionally to the teleology of the state's project - the
realisation of communism, the maximisation of the general welfare, the glory
of the nation or whatever it may be).  It is their case for not only legal
but ethical impunity - they have a "hard job", they should be left alone.
Actually they don't face any more serious dilemmas than anyone else, and
most of their dilemmas are no such thing, simply pathological motives to cut
corners for personal or statist-group gain.  Compare these statists, smugly
confident of their own rightness, to networked activists facing tremendous
risks to achieve a better world, or poor people facing agonising choices at
the borders of survival.  I have seen mobs of armoured police, tooled-up
with the latest high-tech weapons, shielded from prosecution and backed up
by weight of numbers and by support in high places, take on people fighting
desperately to defend their homes, taking tremendous risks of being beaten
unconscious or jailed for years to rescue a comrade from a truncheon blow,
only for the police to be lauded for how brave they are, how many risks they
take and how their brutality can be forgiven as a result - while people
defending themselves with nothing but their bare hands are condemned as
thugs and thrown to the wolves.  No, the statists don't have a "hard job".
They don't have greater temptations to cut ethical corners than other kinds
of agents.  They just pretend they do to cover up the impunity they build
for themselves with raw power.  And while making themselves immune to the
most vital ethical precepts - while finding excuses for murder, torture, the
corrosion of human rights - these statists are the first to enforce vicious
'moral' prohibitions on everyone else, under the guise of 'law and order'.
Their contempt for real mitigating circumstances and really difficult
choices is proof that their own claims to mitigation for their persistent
unethical actions is simply an assertion of privilege and power.
Doubtless pretty much everyone undergoes temptations to act unethically for
the special goods embedded in their own subject-position, their own
doctrine, their own special social roles.  Statists get away with far too
much special pleading on this account, through the distorting effect of the
master-signifier on the coherence of the symbolic.  Because of this
pathological special pleading by statists, I insist on the absolute
comparability of the ethics of state action to the ethics of similar
networked action or similar individual action.  To do any less is to make
oneself complicit in the collective 'racism' of the state-caste's conception
of itself as a race apart, bound by different rules, by a 'civilizing
By these standards, of course, it quickly emerges that states are
responsible for far more evil than any comparable network or group, that
they persistently refuse to propose or accept ethical principles which apply
equally to themselves and others, that they constantly claim mitigation
which they do not allow in others, and that the fallacious plausibility of
their claims comes down to the naturalisation of irrational caste-like
privilege and/or the irrational assertion that the existence of the state is
such an overwhelming good that it justifies suspending everything else.
Since this overwhelming ethical primacy is indefensible and is simply an
article of faith (introduced most often through the *distortion* of
otherwise defensible doctrines such as liberalism, conservatism and
Marxism), the boundary at root between a regular state and a totalitarian
state, or between a theocratic and a non-theocratic state, becomes
persistently blurred.  One sees statists perpetually deploying arguments
which push it towards the totalitarian or theocratic pole to the extent that
they are widely accepted.
Now, to possible futures.  The best possible worlds are without question
worlds without states.  This is shown by comparing life in state-dominated
and stateless societies.  The more I see the state arrogating power to
itself - the more I hear of RFIDs in cars, infinitely trackable electronic
money, misuse of mobile phone records and the rest - the more I come to see
a statist future in totalitarian terms.  The other possibilities arise from
the power of networks.  At the moment it might not look a great hope.  My
heart often despairs at the current state of social movements.  But my head
says that networks have great power, and that the state is lashing out
because of its *loss* of power (this is especially clear in the asymmetrical
warfare literature).  Vast swathes of humanity live outside effective
day-to-day regulation.  On the whole, this is the global poor, who have
great power to throw spanners in the works by means such as blocking
transport infrastructure and making areas 'ungovernable'.  The future I work
towards is a world of interlinked networks in which the excluded claim back
the resources grabbed on a global scale by states and corporations, impose
costs on state retaliation which prevent the state from exercising power,
gradually reduce state control to a few core nodes, and create different
worlds in the resultant spaces beyond control.
But if we assume a society with a state, there are nevertheless many
different kinds of states, many different articulations between the state
and society.  I have reached the conclusion that the least-worst forms of
state-society are those which the state's 'social logic' (what Kropotkin
terms the 'political principle') is most effectively contained and
channelled.  Not only the kinds of states which I find least-worst myself,
but pretty much all of those which have been politically advocated, are
examples of variations of this phenomenon.  It can happen in various ways.
There is the social- or liberal-democratic state, in which the state is
hemmed in by strong procedural constraints which retain their force through
the power of the 'included stratum', the professions and quasi-state bodies,
through checks and balances which hamstring the state from inside, and by
popular sentiments and movements which the state is afraid to annoy too
much.  There is the conservative state in which the state fuses with an
informal power-elite outside the state in such a way that the power of the
societal elite overrides and constrains the power of the state.  There are
various democratic and republican models in which the separation of the
state from society is constrained through participation.  Then there are
various kinds of 'weak' states in which the power of the state is kept to a
minimal level relative to social forces, the shadow states and rhizo-states
of the periphery, the ideal states of left and right libertarianisms, etc.
All these kinds of states have two things in common: they are
*required*(firstly by the balance of social power, and secondly by
their discourses of
legitimation which matter because the balance of social power prevents them
from ignoring certain social groups) to provide services to certain forces
within society and not simply to arrogate power to themselves; and they are
externally *constrained* in their capacity to invade and control social
spaces - it would be far too costly to invade the spaces associated with
those social groups.  Usually this boundary is marked by the recognition of
certain basic rights (or in the more elite-dominated forms, certain
privileges or traditions) which the state is forced to respect and which
form the outer limit to its legitimacy.
The problem with totalitarian states, which is reproduced in moves afoot in
many core states today, is that the state no longer recognises any such
requirements or constraints, that 'rights' while still mouthed are in
practice permanently suspended or reinterpreted at statist whim, and that
the result is a situation where 'everyone is dispensable' and there is no
'right to have rights' (the terminology is Arendt's).  When does this
situation arise?  It arises when the state *no longer needs* to articulate
itself with society, either because it is accepted as unconditionally
legitimate or because its apparent illegitimacy to large strata of the
population is rendered irrelevant to its effectiveness and its exercise of
power.  (Notice that it tends to behave similarly even in its more
constrained forms, when dealing with population sectors who are excluded in
various ways - for instance, a liberal state might behave this way in its
Hence the overwhelming danger posed by creeping social control - a danger
inherent both in the technologies which render the state able to rule by
coercion without legitimation, and in the discourses which portray the state
as unconditionally justified without regard for its actions.
Hence, if you are looking for a tolerable or 'least-worst' future which is
not that of a stateless society, if you are looking for *a better
state*(which is not at all a more efficient or powerful state), your
best hope
lies in the extension of constraint of the state so as to produce effects of
state dependence on society which force the state both to recognise general
obligations and to recognise limits in its control over spaces.  Since the
current tendency is for the state to arrogate power, this necessitates
balancing against it.  In effect, a revived liberalism, or social-democracy,
or any other kind of tolerable state-society, would require a
quasi-revolutionary assertion of power against the actually-existing state
which either overthrows it or pushes it back within its bounds.  This is how
*a better state* (from an ethical point of view) might come about.  If the
aim is that there be no remaining black-holes of state violence in which
human rights violations are tolerated as 'exceptional', it is necessary that
this rebalancing be such as to give a strong discursive claim to every
person regardless of status - in other words, that the state be hedged in by
strong assertions of rights, and that these assertions not permit exceptions
the state can exploit.  This kind of movement to constrain the state and
hence produce a 'better' state would necessarily make use of the networked
modalities of autonomous movements, but there is no reason it would have to
be in any way anarchistic.  It could in theory be a pan-liberal,
non-factional, or even in some circumstances a conservative kind of
movement.  What is important is that it exercise power located in society
and in networks outside the state to constrain the power of the state and
push back the statist hubris we see today.  I see the recurring popular
movements which ultimately brought down the eastern European dictatorships
and which have been a thorn in the side of so many one-party regimes of
whatever faction as indicative of the range of potentials.
But I think when you say 'better state' you mean more efficient, more
effective, more powerful state.  This is dangerous.  Granted, you may create
a state which *can* end world hunger or avert environmental catastrophe, but
this doesn't mean that this state *will* do such things.
Actually, state discourse seems to be rather split.  There is the arrogance
of states which no longer accept conventional constraints, which can ignore
or neutralise established discourses of rights, which are no longer held
back by the party system, which can increasingly ignore the 'included
stratum'.  But on the other hand, there is a constant sense that states are
*terrified* - and this is how they articulate the *motives* for ever-greater
measures of social control.  States feel their power breaking down
disastrously, and are desperate to avert the flows of power to networks
(which in statist discourse is metaphorised as crime, failed states,
terrorism, porous borders, etc).  This provides opportunities to use this
growing network power either to move beyond or to push back the state.
The only danger of a dystopian future in this scenario is if the state is
able to hoard to itself enough concentrated power to eliminate the existence
of open spaces and carry out a day-to-day violence so intrusive as to
decompose potentially disruptive networks before they can form.  *This is
the future which needs to be prevented*.  And you don't have to be an
anarchist to see how such a future is both deeply terrifying and quite
probably preventable.  You also don't have to be an anarchist to act against
it.  The means to prevent it is to act wherever possible to strengthen the
power of networks and to weaken the power of states.  There are a million
ways that a liberal for example can usefully help constrain states - though
sadly, too few liberals today see the necessity to do so.  In the American
case, one of the most crucial is to try to reconstruct a discourse in which
rights are effective limits on state power by reconstructing rights
discursively as an outer limit to state legitimacy.  In practice, this means
liberals will have to be prepared to take destabilising actions in order to
constrain the state within liberal bounds.  Liberals will have to act
something like they would have acted in eastern Europe or in various other
dictatorships.  Not as comforting as imagining that a state left to its own
devices, or aided technocratically, will continue to be liberal in spite of
having no need for 'citizens'.  But a thousand times more realistic.

@_date: 2009-12-28 20:25:19
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Your Amazon.com order 102-0690203-1681842 
Umm... not wanting to scare you, but did you mean to send that to the list?
Your home address will now be available to casual searchers on the web...

@_date: 2009-12-30 03:26:33
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
You'll actually find that most commercially available ebooks and audiobooks,
and a fair number of other books (often in text or PDF format), find their
way pretty swiftly onto BitTorrent sites such as Piratebay fairly regularly,
often as big bundles of related books.  This includes fairly obscure stuff
that's hard to get - for instance, a lot of audiobooks which have never been
commercially released, but were produced at some point for disability
purposes.  What's a bit weird is that academic and research-related works
vary rarely appear in this way - despite widespread digitisation of journals
and of many of the more recent books.  In principle it would be fairly easy,
though rather time-consuming, for someone with access to go through all the
back-issues of a journal to which they have access, grab copies of all the
articles, and put them up in a bundle on bittorrent; or to copy page-by-page
a book on ebrary or similar, to which they have complete access, and put it
up similarly; or failing these, to use a scanner to make a copy of a book
and then make it available.  There may be technical issues but not
particularly difficult ones.  (To my knowledge most of the digitised
versions are not copy-protected, at least nothing that a screenshot capture
program can't beat, and the PDFs from journal sites are straightforwardly
copiable, though someone doing this on a wide enough scale may have to be
careful with whether things have identifying information embedded in them
which would allow copyright owners to trace the source of the distributed
I suspect the reason it isn't done is threefold: easy-enough availability
for most people who need them via library subscriptions and interlibrary
loans, limited demand among people who don't have access (i.e. who aren't
university lecturers, research students or hangers-on with university
library access), and likely low rates of demand making ongoing torrents hard
to sustain.  One way I could see demand rising, is if someone took the time
to collect a lot of works on a similar topic, such as to build up a fairly
comprehensive library, and then put the whole thing up as a single file -
hence saving potential users the time in gathering readings as well as
acquiring them.  That it hasn't happened, I think has to do with the
potential number of people interested being a lot lower than for (say)
bundles of popular sci-fi novels or complete works of bestselling authors.

@_date: 2009-07-01 06:25:08
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A basic income guarantee versus peer production 
I think on close examination the capitalist/libertarian types don't actually
expect capitalism to realise "abundance" as such, since they assume
insatiability of desires and constant emergence of new marginal utilities
generating preferences, which ensure that scarcity is part of the "human
condition".  Rather, they think that a free market leads to the closest
approximation to abundance by optimising production of goods in relation to
preferences, managing scarcity so as to generate a maximum (and increasing)
standard of living.  A small but important distinction.
On even closer examination (see Hirschman's "The Passions and the
Interests"), what they aim to "maximise" is actually not desire- or
need-satisfaction but a subtly moralised version of these: the market is
taken to maximise satisfaction of demands of agents of a particular
morally-valued type, i.e. instrumental-calculative rational
possessive-individualists, hence to maximise satisfaction of "interests"
(not desires, needs, welfare, utility, etc), while requiring that everyone
produce in response to market pressures.  The resultant economic coercion of
agency is taken as morally valuable because it helps to produce the correct
- productive, civilised, hard-working, conformist, Victorian/Protestant -
kind of human subject.  This becomes clear when they seek to make a case for
expropriation of indigenous peoples (or to defend the legacy of such
expropriation), and when they seek to make a case for a right to appropriate
primary natural "resources" - it becomes clear that the productive are given
a special moralised privilege to possess for purposes of production, while
the exclusion of the less-productive or unproductive (by their standards) is
taken to be morally just, rather than simply economically optimal.  Even the
argument that the market benefits the poor by trickledown depends on the
poor conforming to the required type of subjectivity to receive such
benefits (for instance, by working for others).
As for alliances - as I've said before, I think the key division within
capitalism is in terms of addition versus subtraction of axioms - and
peer-production is aligned with the addition of axioms side, though its
addition usually involves recuperation and domestication.  Paradoxically,
addition of axioms appears both in the libertarian/propertarian opposition
to tribute-extraction, and in the social-democratic regulation of capitalism
through the addition of decommodified spaces and expansive inclusion.  The
closest alliances, however, should be with those groups which are pursuing
similar strategies in different fields - in particular, between
peer-production in the virtual and intellectual fields, and subsistence
economies in relation to basic needs such as food, including rewilding,
permaculture, indigenous cosmologies, etc.  Difficult alliances given that
the two are located on opposite sides of a quite antagonistic debate about
the merits of technology, but necessary especially for the peer-production
side - a peer-production economy isn't going to work if everyone starves, or
if there's no way of looking after vulnerable non-producers such as
children.  The cutting-edge of peer-production is in fields of virtual and
intellectual production, probably because of the peculiarly appropriate
conditions, i.e. infinite (and for users, technically simple)
reproducibility.  The test of its expansivity as a social form is whether it
can handle the complexities and problems of fields of social life where
relations are more finite or at least take more nurturing to be abundant.

@_date: 2009-07-07 23:43:11
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] internet blackout in Urumqi 
I wonder how China were able to do this but Iran and Honduras were not.
 Possibly fewer mobile phones around?

@_date: 2009-07-08 01:44:19
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] internet blackout in Urumqi 
Up until now, the Chinese "great firewall" has been of limited effectiveness
- news of events, increasingly uncensored, has been finding its way out of
China and back in again with great regularity - and the same can be said of
Iran for instance.  The reason is that web users are very adept with things
like proxies, anonymity software, backdoor tricks like using translation
software to access websites and using web-to-mail, etc.  See for instance
the media coverage of the Weng'an incident, and the Tibet revolt last year.
 The internet has even forced state propagandists to start admitting and
trying to spin events, rather than just denying or refusing to cover them.
China regularly blocks and filters sites, especially at sensitive moments -
on the anniversary of Tiananmen Square, they shut down the likes of Twitter
and Facebook, and thousands of university bulletin boards, for the duration.
 Obviously this is of limited use - all the usual tricks apply (accessing
Twitter via a proxy or VPN for example).
This time, they seem to have gone a step further and actually shut down the
Internet - presumably by targeting its physical hardware, turning off the
servers of the ISPs running into the area, maybe even shutting down the
phone network.  This perhaps suggests the vulnerability of virtual networks:
their continued reliance on physical hardware which can be subject to
physical power.  (I've heard before about similar problems when the German
state jammed mobile phone signals to disrupt a protest).  However, I wonder
if the issue is that people are reliant on a limited number of connection
nodes - it seems some tweets are getting out, but not full-scale blog
entries - I would deduce from this that the tweets are coming from mobile
phones, and that the relative paucity of output results from the scarcity of
mobile phones in Urumqi.  Which may be why China has done this but Iran and
Honduras did not.  However, this still raises the question of what might be
done in a context where the state has shut down ISPs and also jammed mobile
phones over a wide area.  Would it still be possible to get information out
and onto the internet?  For instance, to somehow rig up computers to connect
directly to one another using something akin to short-wave radio
There are also very low-tech regimes which are able to control information
flow to some degree, by the very fact of being low-tech.  North Korea, to
some degree Burma, and formerly the Taleban.  But that's a different
question.  I would speculate that the quickest way to bring down the North
Korean regime would be to saturation-bomb the place, not with bombs, but
with radios.

@_date: 2009-07-14 08:00:05
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] from an energy standpoint, 
A few points about this - made without much technical knowhow or statistical
First point - computer running energy is peanuts in energy terms, compared
to things like heating, lighting, air conditioning, cars, planes, etc.  (For
comparison:  computer monitors actually use much more energy than hard
drives).  Ecologically, small-scale renewable energy use for low energy
consumption of this type should not be difficult; the problems are with the
big energy hogs.  For example, it is possible to run some computers (I think
the OLPC is a case in point) on solar energy, solar rechargeable batteries,
and even hand wind-up.  Since doing things on computers may save energy
which would otherwise have been used going out to obtain things or
transporting them around (e.g. car journeys to the cinema or video store, or
in extreme cases, regular transit to work), their carbon effects are by no
means necessarily negative.
This isn't to negate the problems in the intersection of computers with
ecological issues.  On a broader level, computers come into sustainability
problems in relation to components such as silicon (and coltan?) and
reliance on mass industrial production - which might well be casualties of a
transition to a peer-to-peer world.  Computers are also generating huge
amounts of "e-waste" due to rapid turnover.  I'd suggest both of these
problems could be solved by adopting something more like an open-source
ethos in general, avoiding built-in obsolescence and relying on modifiable
architectures (which takes hardware skills), so that existing computers
could be kept going indefinitely rather than being replaced every few years
(the latter an effect in part of market pressures - computers are designed
to be discarded rather than updated, this makes manufacturers more money).
Anyway...  I'd suggest this is where we should be directing our concerns
regarding ecological effects of computers.  It shouldn't be too hard to get
to the point where we have renewably powered, (relatively) easily updateable
computers, and the latter would certainly be on the side of open source (and
Second point - the internet, like most functioning assemblages, does not use
"money" as such, but rather, specific inputs which have been commodified
today.  The crucial issue is whether these specific inputs are necessarily
scarce and whether they can be made sustainable.
Third point - this argument is discussing technical effects of different
models of server functioning given current levels of technology and
availability.  Price of computer technologies seems to be rather erratic and
not at all a matter of resource inputs - it's mostly about extraction of
rent on new (not yet diffused) or protected (copyrighted etc.) items of
hardware and those which have not yet (but may later) become widespread.
And this in a context where a large proportion of hardware development is
done for profit in a market dominated by subjective expectations and
convenience (cf. the persistence of Microsoft's market dominance as OS
despite clearly not being the "best").  Have we got any reason to assume
that the lower-energy-cost servers used by big centralised companies are
essentially connected to big centralised companies?  Aren't they likely to
be part of basic computer infrastructure or available cheap on the web in,
say, twenty years time, like scanners, modems and laser printers before
them?  Or, if they reduce energy use a lot, wouldn't they be mass-produced
if energy costs were pushed to the point where buying them became
money-saving for average users?  Or, isn't someone likely to invent a
portable, low-cost equivalent soon enough, a few years behind the original?
If not - is the fact that they haven't or won't a consequence of technical
difficulties or just of the dominance of big companies in hardware R&D?

@_date: 2009-06-09 23:52:47
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People happier under Soviet-styled socialism? 
Well, I do wonder how much of a transition has happened in some of the
countries.  And many of them have undergone quite drastic economic decline.
I've also read that Iraqis consistently rate themselves as having been
happier under Saddam than today, contrary to western expectations.
If you haven't seen it yet, have a look at this:
Russia and several of its former satellites are actually in the bottom
category, along with war-torn African states in extreme poverty, and behind
most of the global South (despite having a much higher standard of living).
There are also some very poor countries in the top bracket - these include
quasi-socialist Venezuela, quasi-indigenous isolationist states Oman and
Bhutan, and army-free Costa Rica.  In the next bracket are Colombia (why?!),
Mongolia - another largely indigenous society - and Saudi Arabia (wtf).
Notice welfare-state-rich Scandinavia, Benelux, New Zealand and Canada in
the top category (along with America - as it would expect with over 50% as
much wealth as the next contender), but Britain and France underperforming.
Of course, the danger with happiness rankings is they're subjective - we
don't know who people are comparing themselves to (how happy they think
others are), whether they under- or overestimate due to cultural biases,
whether they're happy because of ignorance or informed comparison, etc.

@_date: 2009-06-11 23:01:33
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sarkozy piracy crackdown trashed 
He only just got it through parliament, now the courts have scuppered it.

@_date: 2009-06-12 17:06:02
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
A great little article by Sm?ri I think.  Thanks a lot for that.  It has
clarified for me especially, how right-libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism
go wrong.  I had intuited that their mistakes are along these lines, but I
had not thought so clearly about what makes them fall back into
authoritarian practices: that they value property above freedom.
A few additions:
The reason there is resistance to ending property is that property has
become connected to existential territory.  This is also what is meant by
?owning? something in Stirner.  I suspect that people will always have
existential territories, though they may be more mobile and open-ended that
they are today.  In mass societies, people use the ?private? sphere as a way
to construct existential territories outside/against or niched out from the
mainstream ? the way in which sentimental possessions or personally arranged
homes become focuses of attachment for example (this is not restricted to
the rich either ? homeless people have their ?turf? and their few items in a
bag or their personal box or blanket, shanty-town dwellers have lovingly
constructed shacks, and so on).  Taking away someone?s existential territory
is experienced by the recipient as extremely violent ? indeed, it is a
central aspect of practices of psychological torture (depriving of, or
violently relocating, familiar meanings).
But the mapping of property rights with existential territory is incomplete
at best, absurd at worst.  Property is by definition alienable, whereas
existential territory is inalienable.  The risk of losing one?s home,
treasured possessions, the ability to keep up a standard of living, and the
broader existential context (community, public space, etc) is essential to
the regime of statist capitalism.  Sometimes it is mapped in
anti-proprietary ways which right-libertarians can make sense of ? eminent
domain, land grabs and suchlike.  At other times though, it is built into
property relations ? foreclosures, accumulation-by-dispossession,
unemployment, ?creative destruction? of ?failing? businesses and
life-models, taking property to meet debts, not to mention punitive regimes.
The spectre of libertarianism is a kind of authoritarian collectivism in
which personal or small-group existential territories are radically denied
in the interests of overall justice or of common ownership.  This is
certainly a frightening prospect, but far closer to the capitalist model
than is admitted.  There are ways to posit a right to existential territory,
or a maximising-equalising of existential territory, without linking it to
alienable property.  These can be found for instance in urban practices such
as squatting and tagging, in theorists such as Stirner, Proudhon and
Guattari, and in customary and indigenous distributive systems.
Also, a lot of what is deemed ?property? in property-systems is only
pseudo-private, and is in fact used collectively, as a public service or
good ? and in fact could not exist without public use (stores, clubs,
cinemas, malls, pubs, etc; and more abstractly, sites such as factories,
schools, etc).  These kinds of sites are imagined to be equivalent in legal
terms to private homes.  Often, freedom would be enhanced and existential
territory rendered safer by treating these as public rather than private
spaces (for instance, against arbitrary exclusions).
I would extend the idea of scarcity in viewing it as a
psychological-existential aspect of a dominant regime, not simply a fact
which is wrongly stated.  Property is connected to the ideology of scarcity.
If something is seen as scarce then individuals or groups will seek to
control or exclusively ?own? it.  Systems of property often create
?materially? the kind of scarcity they posit ideologically ? for instance,
by making things scarce by hoarding or overusing them or by restricting
their use.  Indigenous epistemologies are already ?beyond? scarcity, in the
idea of ?primitive abundance? (Sahlins).  Scarcity is an invention of
systems of control.  I suspect that abundance as an existential condition is
possible at virtually any technological level (in the sense of what types of
tools exist); it has to do with the ways in which spaces and ecologies are
arranged.  In a situation of ?absolute deterritorialisation? or expanded
indigenous epistemology, complexity is constructed by addition ? the new is
embraced by being articulated onto the already-existing, by bricolage, and
in this way the network or web of connections is expanded, intensified and
enriched.  This contrasts with capitalist accumulation in which something
has to be represented (reduced) to be added, and in which addition is in
tension with subtraction ? destroying what is unproductive or stands in the

@_date: 2009-06-12 17:54:34
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People happier under Soviet-styled socialism? 
Actually, I wonder if the current power-structure in Russian politics hasn't
been locked-in since Autumn 1993, the Parliament siege.  Which would suggest
a very brief opening to democratic forces, followed by a rapid takeover by a
recomposed elite.  I think (though I might be wrong) that this is how
dissidents such as Yelena Bonner theorise the situation.  If this is the
case, then the strongman political model preceded the massive sell-offs and
shock therapy.
If Putin manages to avoid blame for the disaster (which happened under
Yeltsin), he must be telling some pretty big fibs - he's a product of
exactly the same constellation of social forces.  Economically, though, I
get the impression that state/army patronage has been used to shore up the
crisis a little - not a stable solution, but one which may generate
temporary popularity.  I wonder how many of the border wars (Chechnya,
Georgia etc) are designed to distract attention from economic conditions.
And, I'd question how deep the approval of Putin is.  There's still
substantial electoral support for the Communists, and hard to know real
levels of support given the blatant vote-rigging (especially in the various
quasi-dependencies such as Kalmykia etc), not to mention the impact of media
In a lot of the other former eastern bloc countries, there is now a regular
transfer of power between the ex-communists (now some kind of
social-democrats) and the ex-capitalists (now usually
nationalist-conservatives).  Discontent with the transition led to an
initial surge in support for the ex-communists, who often regained power,
before electoral systems stabilised - though nationalism has become
something of a wild card too.

@_date: 2009-06-12 21:42:31
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
Responding point by point:
HUMAN NATURE:
Is not a useful context because of the extent of social construction and the
difficulty in isolating cross-cultural universals ? of which there are few
if any, and none of them politically relevant.  Evolutionary psychology is
speculative nonsense.  Until and unless they can point to empirically
demonstrable instinctual causes rooted in specific genes, they?re left
guessing as to which of the behaviours they happen to observe might or might
not be ?natural?.  If evolutionary biologists are claiming that in-group
conformist exclusivism is natural ? I haven?t seen the research but it
sounds like more of the same nonsensical backwards deduction from ?human?
(read capitalist) traits (cf the way here, abstract citizens of Montreal are
taken as representative of ?humanity? as such).  I doubt they have attempted
to comprehend, for example, the looseness of group affiliations in societies
with multiple attachments, for instance the context-specific affiliations of
pre-colonial Australian Aborigines, or the active pursuit of difference in
Amazonian cosmology.  Put simply, I won?t take seriously a claim that
something is universal to humans until an anthropologist (not a
pseudo-natural-scientist) says it, and even then, only if they?ve reviewed a
wide range of the cross-cultural literature on the topic in question.  For
the record, most anthropologists are strong social constructionists.
RELEVANCE TO ANARCHISM:
It is not, and has never been, true that anarchists as a group assume that
human nature is good (some do, some don?t).  Kropotkin for instance believed
that people could either be cooperative or competitive, depending on their
social context and conditioning, and that societies are subject to a kind of
cyclical rise and fall.  Bakunin was a historicist.  Proudhon was a
deontologist.  Logically, someone who assumes that human nature is good
would support anarchism.  Equally logically, someone who assumes that human
nature is bad would support anarchism, since bad humans could not be trusted
with state power.  Someone who assumed that human nature is somewhere
inbetween good and bad would support anarchism, because states bring out the
worst.  Someone who believed that human nature does not exist, or is
socially constructed, would support anarchism because it produces the most
benevolent kind of society.  The logical assumption of statism cannot be ANY
consistent assumption about human nature.  Rather, statists assume that
human beings can be divided into two types ? ubermenschen and untermenschen,
civilised and barbarian ? and that the former are destined, or morally
obliged, or required for their own defence, to dominate or exterminate the
latter.  Statists must logically believe that there are two different "human
natures", one of which is embodied in the state, the other in some of those
subject to state power, for the gross inequality of power it proposes to be
logically defensible.
THE SUPPOSED EMPIRICAL ?PROOF?:
Montreal: a pressure cooker does not show that water is inherently
explosive.  Also, it is a fallacy to assume that simply the withdrawal of
police caused the fairly small-scale problems which occurred.  Aside from
looting, the scale of trouble was very low ? only two killings and twelve
fires for example.  This is not really all that bad ? we don?t know for
instance, how many lives were saved because poor people were able to loot
things they needed, or because there was less traffic.  In similar cases
elsewhere, there was no effect at all ? for instance, Copenhagen between the
Nazis withdrawing and the state being reconstructed.  Seems to me Pinker has
no idea how to test empirical predictions in social science.  Rather, we see
a petty-bourgeois sense of order, where even a slight variation in variables
is taken as disastrous, combined with a very unscientific deduction of
effect from cause, without consideration of other factors.  In this case,
the police strike acted as a trigger for social insurrection ? attempts to
cast off other aspects of an oppressive apparatus ? plus some low-level
JOHN GRAY:
This is actually simply a repetition of the Cold War demagogy of people like
Karl Popper.  It is largely inaccurate in that it wrongly attributes
totalitarianism to beliefs (in perfection, perfectibility, a single
removable evil?) rather than to substitutionism and the state.  All
totalitarian regimes arise from a state or aspirant-state which seeks to
control the whole of social life.  Such regimes will doubtless claim that
some massive, overwhelming or unconditional good is served by such social
control.  Given the scale of the control, it suits them to seek some
suitably massive danger or opportunity.  But the same tendencies arise when
the identified ?good? is small or partial ? as with the state crimes
perpetrated in the name of urban planning, development, secularism,
moderation.  In the Russian case, there is a marked transmutation from a
hierarchical but popular movement into a hardened state-form which
problematises the idea that some original sin of ideological perfectionism
caused totalitarianism.  Anarchism carries no such dangers for the simple
reason that it (alone of all movements) refuses the state as a means towards
its goals.  It is also not an ?ism? in the same sense as the others.  The
goal of anarchism is not to create a particular ?place?, it is to maximise
free space.  It is certainly critical and in a sense ?utopian?, but as
?propulsive utopia? and not as fixed ideal.  I would counter that it is,
rather, statism which in all its forms contains seeds and dangers of
totalitarianism.  Popper and his ilk like to imagine that insisting that the
state present itself as gradualist and realistic will stop it from grabbing
power.  This has been rapidly disproven as ostensibly anti-ideological
neoliberal and ?Third Way? regimes have degenerated towards totalitarianism
(e.g. Pinochet, Thatcher, Bush, Blair).  The blackmail inherent in the
Popperian perspective is the prohibition of critique.  This is based on a
certain complacency about the present ? we are not in hell already, this
theory assumes, and it can be warded off by not being too ?radical?.  But
what if we are already in hell?  One might refer to police brutality and
torture, climate change, deportation of refugees, huge numbers of deaths due
to poverty?  it is comforting for middle-class worshippers of order to
fantasise that things are alright, but this perspective is only possible by
hiding inside a protective sphere.
STATE AS NON-OPPRESSIVE?:
In fact the state today is far more intrusive and menacing than it was 150
years ago.  Remember that they didn?t have DNA tests, CCTV cameras or riot
gear back then.  Most people spent most of their lives beyond the gaze and
outside the reach of the state.
The NHS is thankfully not run by the state, but simply ?funded? by it,
meaning that the state juggles imaginary figures to allow it to operate as a
paid economy at one end and a gift or free economy at the other.  The more
the state intrudes directly in its functioning (e.g. targets, internal
market, requirements to report injuries from violence, exclusions of
refugees from medical treatment), the worse it becomes.  Let?s add a bigger
perspective also.  Most of the illnesses treated by the NHS are caused by
modern capitalist conditions; capitalism has forced people into concentrated
cities which would be deathtraps without health services.  Health services
in the North derive partly from unequal economic structures exploiting the
South, up to and including a ?brain drain? of doctors into the North.  Such
services are not only largely absent in most of the world, but useless to
the vast majority who are in rural areas or outlying shanty-towns and would
not be able to reach a hospital in time even if it provided free
services.  Hence,
there is a certain reaction against scientised medicine and in favour of
homeopathy, preventive medicine, or at least the decentralisation of
services to the point of need.  In addition, there is the problematic
relationship between the ?welfare state? and Fordist economic regulation.  But
supposing the NHS is the best model ? why couldn?t an anarchist society
operate such institutions?  If people want something, they will set it up.  All
it takes in this case, is for enough people to be trained as doctors and
nurses, and prepared to give over some of their time to such tasks (assuming
the entire economy is gift-economy).  It might actually be easier in an
anarchist society, for two reasons:  firstly, an Illichian approach to
education and a backdrop of support would enable more people to train than
the current selection-based, centralised, fee-charging education system, and
secondly, effective drugs and therapies would no longer be patented and so
could be reproduced cheaply or freely.

@_date: 2009-06-29 23:30:40
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A basic income guarantee versus peer production 
Didn't a basic income pretty much exist in Europe up until the neoliberal
onslaught? - people out of work got benefits, ill people and people with
disabilities got benefits, students got grants, low-waged workers got income
supplements, small businesspeople got subsidies, people on low incomes got
housing benefit and migrants had benefit rights also.  It was all nominally
conditional, but if no-one's checking carefully then of course someone can
sign up as a student and hardly ever show up, or sign on for unemployment
benefits without looking for work, or claim incapacity on a pretext (not
that many people ever DID, but I've heard a lot of the squatter/autonome
scene at the time were on benefits).  With neoliberalism, there are attempts
to pare back benefits, cut a lot of them below the level of need, and
enforce conditionality in strict and degrading ways.  This would seem to fit
into Offe's idea of the welfare state as decommodifying.  So in a certain
sense the demand for a basic income is a demand for the restoration of a
previous "concession", rather than a wholesale change.
I've generally stayed out of the economics discussions because they become
rather technical.  But I'd also add that peer-to-peer production tends to
create a kind of gift economy, hence a "basic income" of whatever is
peer-produced and abundant - it is possible to participate in filesharing or
freecycle or to download open-source software as recipient only, and the
motivation to participate as producer is not primary dependent on being
forced to produce by economic coercion or threat of economic exclusion (this
is most apparent with open-source software, which completely confounds the
economistic "free rider" paradigm in that the number of people "free riding"
on open-source production, using Firefox or somesuch without programming or
paying, vastly outnumber the number of actual programmers).
Hence in a certain sense it's a step beyond the basic income, which is a
capped distribution of a limited quantity in a form similar to gift economy,
but extracted from tribute.  A basic income implies an overall setting of
scarcity in which it is one little corner of abundance.  The overall system
still depends on the idea that people should be motivated to work
productively by the denial of income/goods above a certain level to those
who do not (whether or not this is the real motive for work - I'd suggest it
mostly isn't) - hence that it incorporates economic coercion, albeit in a
weakened form.  So the system is segmentary - in old-fashioned terms,
there's a "contradiction" between the logics of the two spheres
(gift-economy/tribute hybrid, and capitalism).  The question being, whether
the segmentarity is sustainable - whether capitalism maintains its
profitability without strong economic coercion.  One could moot a strategy
where gift economy starts out in a little corner and colonises the whole,
but Offe and Przeworski would suggest that this would impact profit margins
- beyond a certain point, the transition has to be "all of nothing".  On the
other hand, capitalism also uses subsistence production (which is a close
relative of gift-economy) to undercut wages, making the segmentarity
productive for capitalism.

@_date: 2009-05-06 19:52:18
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] European Parliament rejects internet cutoff yet again 
EU Parliament rejects law allowing Internet cutoff
By CONSTANT BRAND ? 54 minutes ago
STRASBOURG, France (AP) ? Worried about trampling on the rights of innocent
consumers, the European Parliament rejected Wednesday attempts by EU
governments to crack down on people who illegally download
copyright-protected music and movies over the Internet.
The EU assembly voted 407 to 57 to reject a compromise reached with EU
governments a few weeks ago. It would have allowed France to continue its
push to cut off Internet access to those caught downloading illegal copies
of songs and movies.
Viviane Reding, the EU's telecoms commissioner appeared to back the
rejection, saying the parliament's move was "an important restatement of the
fundamental rights of EU citizens."
"For many, it is of very high symbolic and political value," she said.
Reding called on EU governments to assess their next move "very carefully."
The Parliament vote blocks the approval of a wide-ranging legal package
overhauling telecommunications in the 27-nation bloc. It includes efforts to
bolster privacy and consumer rights and spur more competition for Internet
and phone services across the EU.
Wednesday's move will force new negotiations with EU governments, officials
The rejection was seen as a protest vote by the lawmakers as they head into
a four-week European election campaign.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is pushing a "three strikes and you're out"
bill that tracks Internet use and warns users caught downloading illegal
copies twice before it cuts off their Internet access for a year.
The French parliament rejected the measure in early April in a surprise
defeat for the government, but lawmakers there are now discussing it again
as entertainment companies look for better enforcement of copyright rules to
combat online file-sharing.
German Social Democrat parliamentarian Erika Mann said the Parliament had
"clearly spoken out against Sarkozy's Internet blocking policy."
Consumer groups also welcomed the move.
Monique Goyens, head of the European Consumers' Organization BEUC, said
giving governments a free hand to cut off Internet access to protect
intellectual-property rights would be "unacceptable."
"This clearly would have been a disproportionate and unfair penalty and we
now call on the next Parliament to explicitly prohibit such a draconian
While lawmakers held up one part of the package, they did back 12 other
important measures meant to overhaul the telecoms market in Europe.
Among other things, the package would set up a new EU-wide telecoms
authority tasked with ensuring fair competition, bolster consumers' ability
to switch mobile or landline operators and expand high-speed Internet
access, notably in rural areas.
*AP Business Writer Aoife White contributed to this report from Brussels.*

@_date: 2009-05-22 21:54:48
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Berardi essay 
Actually I think it's very clear.  Though, you have to have read Deleuze and
Guattari to make sense of his use of "singularity".
It's similar to Hakim Bey, or Colin Ward:  "communism" is the proliferation
of free activity through difference, in which spaces of otherness involving
intense, non-replicable connections occur at many localised sites, producing
a world which is (locally) no longer subordinate to the logic of capital.
As these spaces are also self-organised, self-reproducing, networked and
produce reconnection in the ecological, social and psychological fields,
they are generative of other ways of being - specifically, of inclusive
affinity-networks without hierarchy.
I found a lot of the article inspiring, but I'd challenge three things.
1)  can we really be sure this is the final crisis?  Marxism seems to find a
"final crisis" every few decades - capitalism wasn't supposed to survive the
First World War, the Second World War, the 70s crash, and the current
reference to ecological disaster was formerly focused on the threat of
fascism, then the threat of nuclear war...  If the system is going to get
out of the crisis, it would have to be by doing something as yet unknown,
unpredictable and new.  Which is how it got out of the other crises (e.g.
Keynesianisn after WW2).  But, by definition we cannot know if it is capable
of doing something as yet unknown, unpredictable and new.  The thesis of
final crisis is based on the observed capabilities and actions of the
system, whereas the possibility of systemic survival is based on the
unknown, as is the possibility of antisystemic transformation.
2)  why has Bifo suddenly become so conflict-averse?  Why avoid
confrontation with the conformist majority and the state?  The original
hypothesis of autonomism - the necessity to vigorously defend spaces of
autonomy to aid their proliferation - has never been falsified; it seems
that, as autonomism got its fingers burned in the crackdown in Italy, it
lost the courage of its convictions.  (That, and a lot of them became
3)  there is a weird attachment to ideas of "general intellect" and
"cognitive labour" - modern-day correlates of the old Marxist working-class
- at the same time that resistance is theorised as minoritarian and as
anti-conformist.  Why is the emergence of proliferating difference in
radical opposition to the system deemed to have anything whatsoever to do
with forms of production?  I think this is a shadow of aufhebung, the
"passage through", the gravedigger created by the system itself, reasserting
itself even as aufhebung is explicitly rejected.  Rather, I would argue that
alternatives and resistance emerge from the "stars that fall out as the
system tightens its grip", the emergence of entire strata of people outside
the dominant system or marginal to it / alienated from it, hence the figures
of the autonomous, the excluded and the indigenous (all of which are aspects
of the "social principle" or affinity-network form as alternative to

@_date: 2009-05-22 22:26:33
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Autistic Economics 
The title is patently offensive, as it rests on a negative and prejudiced
stereotype of autism as unawareness of the world, when in fact it involves
differential awareness.  Calling a school or a journal "post-autistic
economics" is a bit like calling it "post-Jewish economics" on the
assumption that Jews are greedy - which would understandably cause an
outcry.  It is unforunate that this kind of prejudice is still entertained
in relation to psychological difference.
This said - the basic idea that mainstream economics is tunnel-visioned and
misses out more than it theorises is sound.  I've reached the conclusion
that nobody really knows the economics of different countries for instance,
because an awful lot is included which shouldn't be in most of the measures,
and a lot is excluded and unmeasurable.  For instance, Africa barely exists
in GDP/GNP terms.  If you look at the national GDP statistics, or the
international trade statistics, it would seem Africa has next to no
economy.  There are countries with per capita GDP of a few hundred dollars a
year (rising to a few thousand with PPP).  But then consider that
subsistence farming, and subsistence economics in general, is not included
in the figures.  And that informal and illicit economies are also not
included.  And that states and international agencies can't get reliable
data because everyone lies to avoid government regulation.  Suddenly it
turns out that we don't know anything about the size of the economy.  Then
at the other end is America - half again as rich as everyone else, yet the
poor seem to be poorer there than anywhere else - even (and this is the
weird bit) people who are nominally on the same amount of income.  Perhaps
because big portions of GDP are going on things that don't benefit people,
such as military spending.  They can supposedly control for cost of living,
though I wonder how complete it is.
The core of economics is the fallacy that the goal of life is to maximise
some number or other (this is true even of the reformers like Sen); the
correlate of this view is that things which can be counted (or at least, one
category of things which can be counted) matter more than things which
can't.  Once it's accepted that things which matter are often not countable,
that the numbers which express things which matter are only imperfect
representations which are necessarily flawed, and that any such
representation carries an irreducible risk that something essential has been
left out, and "economics" is cut back down to scale.
Personally, I think economics (counting) should be replaced by ecology

@_date: 2009-05-22 23:15:58
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Berardi essay 
The choice to refer to affinity-networks as "communism" is certainly rather
motivated, but has a certain historical continuity with what "communism"
meant in autonomism in its earlier incarnations, and in things like "council
communism".  Personally I'd be more inclined to call the model anarchism,
because of the importance of absence of hierarchy to its definition.
On the other hand, Ryan, I think you're very wrong that he's talking about
something that's already happened, or could already happen, *in the
capitalist system*.  A part of Berardi's perspective, assuming he's still in
the same mould as people like Hardt, Negri, Virno etc, is that capitalism
contains aspects which are as such reductive - "command" over social life
(by the boss and the state), reduction of difference/singularity to sameness
(as universal equivalent for example), the state as command hierarchy, etc.
Hence, the "us and them" of class struggle is not an arbitrary addition but
is fundamental to the systemic perspective which is taken.  On the other
hand, Berardi (and Negri, etc) gives more credence than I do to the idea
that affective labour is pioneering the transformation to a different
society.  But the political forms being considered as instances of the new
society in formation - summit protests, squatting, hackers, etc - are always
antisystemic.  So the network model is counterposed to a dominant system
which is in the last instance, necessarily hierarchical and
representational.  This is a transformational theory, not a displacement of
present into future.
As to "how much Marx can be taken out of Marxism, etc" and "looking for the
seven headed dragon", I think you're totally misunderstanding what this
strain of post-autonomism is trying to do with Marxism.  First off, they
wouldn't necessarily call themselves Marxists, they simply use certain
concepts from the Marxist canon.  Secondly, they aren't historical
determinists, they don't treat Marx as a prophet or as a scientific
predictive theorist, they have an interpretation of Marxism as an
agency-based approach.  The key concept they carry over from Marxism is
exploitation - the dominant system exploits the creativity of a collective
life-force on which it is parasitic.
I also use certain Marxist concepts in my work, without claiming to be a
Marxist - I think Marx's understanding of alienation is particularly
relevant, and maps onto the issue of abundance and scarcity.  Capitalism is
based on scarcity as a mindset and existential condition, and can only
reproduce itself as the reproduction of scarcity; one of its problems is
that it reproduces abundance at each stage and then implodes.  It is also
transcendentalist; life only has recognised value to the extent that it is
represented.  On the other hand, affinity-networks are based on an
existential orientation to immanence and abundance.

@_date: 2009-05-25 15:26:49
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Berardi essay 
To an extent "the old mass production model" has already gone, at least as a
core part of the economy - the factories have been outsourced to peripheral
countries as "low-value-added", and integrated into production chains which
are leaner and more nodal.  If anything this has increased reliance on oil.
But I'm not sure the current crisis is actually the coming-home-to-roost of
the underlying systemic problems such as peak oil, climate change and
overproduction/underconsumption.  It's the latest in a series of "bubble
bursts" arising from financialisation in the 80s, which was itself a kind of
"crisis management" of the 70s crisis (which was more structural).  Granted
this is the biggest so far, but in the last fifteen years we've had the
Russian collapse, the Mexican crisis, the Argentine crisis, the East Asian
crisis, the dotcom bubble, the Enron crisis, the European ERM collapse, and
probably a few more besides.  The causes of these recurring crises are very
much conjunctural: massive American deficit spending based on abuse of the
dollar's position as world reserve currency, hugely increased speed of
financial flows leading to vulnerability to speculation, a huge excess of
"fictional" financial capital over productive capital, massive (and largely
unregulated) use of risky derivative investments by banks and governments
which is seen as safer than it is.
Net result:  everything becomes dependent on volatile financial markets
which go up and down drastically; when they go down drastically, core agents
in the economy such as banks, governments, blue chip companies are at risk.
Usual response: America wards off the collapse of the system by bailing out
the core sectors and letting the marginal sectors go down.
Hence, this is a crisis of the 80s patch-up, not the economy as such.
Whether it can be dealt with the same way as the other shocks remains to be
seen - but America is trying to do the same it always does, bail out the
core sectors and carry on with business as usual.  So, we'll see.
Now, if we go back a stage further and ask why the 80s patch-up was needed
in the first place, it becomes clear that the patch-up was a response to
deeper, more fundamental problems, including overproduction and oil price
rises (climate change doesn't enter until later).  Also a crisis of the role
of America as hegemon, and of the Bretton Woods system.  These crises were
never resolved, but simply postponed.  But the economy hasn't been in a
growth wave since the 70s; it's been warding off the crisis which was felt
then and is felt now.
But, to return to "old production" and restructuring.  I think part of the
crisis of the 70s has to do with networks and hierarchies.  The "old" system
was highly hierarchical, but was suffering problems from certain kinds of
structural weaknesses in relation to networks - the American defeat in
Vietnam being especially important, though one could also refer to
resistance through delinking and syncretism at the margins, Offe's
decommodification crisis in the welfare state (based on power of everyday
uses over systemic means) and the diffusion of popular cultures (importance
of niche over mass markets).  And ever since the 70s the system has been
trying to find hybrids of network and hierarchy which will harness and
capture the power of networks without leading to "chaos" or
system-breakdown.  We see this across a range of fields: just-in-time
production, outsourcing and downsizing, use of local subsidiaries,
contracting-out, Revolution in Military Affairs, full spectrum dominance,
indirect rule through multinational agencies, the Nixon Doctrine, joined-up
governance, the growing importance of groups such as the G8 and G20,
business networks, lifelong learning, global cities, and of course the
development of new technologies such as the Internet.
While networks on their own might be democratising, equalising, liberating -
the hybrid forms are not, because they inject aspects of command at key
points as substitutes for voluntary agency.
Very often, networking of capitalism involves a replacement of systematic
agencies which are flexible or universalistic on the side of the
institution, with arbitrary, commandist agencies making extreme demands on
participants.  By seeking to capture the WHOLE of networks, the distance
between power and everyday life is reduced or eliminated.  One thus ends up
with an extremely intrusive and cruel, "personalised" form of power which
attempts to draw on all aspects of the network by becoming identical with
it.  This is the type of hybrid I think is dominant today, definitive
especially of Third Way and neoliberal politics; it is associated with one
of Zuboff's two types of high-tech in the workplace, and with "New Age
policing" (CCTVs, ASBOs etc) and "welfare to work"/employability/flexibility
(of the worker).  In rendering the command apparatus (state/capital)
identical with society and with life, in denying life any space of its own,
this model is terrifyingly totalitarian.  It is really an attempt to ward
off the power of networks by decomposing, by substitutionism.
There is also a second type which lets networks do their own thing and seeks
to filter a surplus from them.  This is more sustainable, but at the moment
seems to be facing huge resistance from the status quo.
In the medium term, the loss of power to networks is probably irreversible,
and capital and the state will either go down fighting or create
more-or-less stable intermediary forms which allow them to persist for a
time.  We are already seeing the beginnings of the latter, but the former is
more predominant.  The way I see the crisis deepening is that large areas
will drift outside state and capitalist control, integrated marginally or
not at all (this is already happening at sites such as Afghanistan, NWFP,
the Andes, Somalia, etc., and in a local way in shanty-towns and autonomous
centres).  I also expect the deterritorialised areas to spread, as a result
of the concentration of resources in global cities, the ecological effects
of extraction, the neoliberal closing of mediations which formerly
integrated, and the growing stratum of people excluded either because of the
small number of jobs available or the growing set of requirements for
conformity. Eventually these marginal spaces will become sites of a
proliferation of new forms of living, and a pole of attraction compared to
the homogeneous, commandist, coercive core.  (This is slightly complicated
by the issue of reactive networks - the closure of networks in otherwise
non-hierarchical spaces by their coalescence around fixed identities and
exclusions, as "small-world networks".  This tendency is strong today,
partly because it is a major strategy of state and capitalist reintegration
of escaping areas, partly because of effects of hierarchy-induced scarcity -
and is the reason these areas have not gone further in becoming loci of
affirmative energy and forces of attraction).
At the moment, the state (backed by capital) tries to bring these areas back
in violently, but sooner or later, sectors of capital will realise they can
profit by working with forces on the ground in the deterritorialised areas.
Corporations which adapt to their loss of power at marginal points will
become more like merchants, or service providers; I see the likes of
PirateBay as forerunners in this regard.  States which adapt will become
"rhizome-states" linking to the locality only through intermediaries in the
local setting, and losing their control function - they might become a kind
of pure welfare-state or pure distributive state.  Or, states might try to
draw on the proliferating energies by creating concentrated open spaces
similar to the old city-states (there are already micro-states which do this
in relation to capital flows).  In all these cases, the flows will be so
uncontrollable and unpredictable that the hierarchies will not have
regulative force over them, will not be able to guarantee profit, but
rather, will be almost parasitic on abundance.  I suspect some will choose
this over disappearance, once the structural power of networks is sufficient
to overpower the violent response one currently sees.

@_date: 2009-11-02 15:17:58
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? 
I'd be careful with these kinds of classificatory schemas for other reasons
as well - they have a history of complicity in regimes of regimentation and
control, as ways of pathologising difference.  While I'd be the first to
endorse the idea that there are real kinds of neurological difference in
cases such as autism and possibly schizophrenia, I'm sceptical of the idea
that real differences can be deduced simply by creating checklists of
"behaviours" or subjective stances.  Most often it is a matter of old men
with beards sitting round in smoke-filled rooms deciding arbitrarily which
"behaviours" or subjective dispositions will be classified as "abnormal" and
hence included on these lists - hence the inclusion of such things as
homosexuality.  We are never far away from the world of Soviet and Chinese
designations of dissidents as mad - and there have been cases of this kind
in Britain and Holland too.  Today we have another sinister development in
Britain of the use of psychiatric testing to jail people "indefinitely" (for
life) for middle-level offences, on the grounds of the supposed risk they
pose.  I actually know someone who had to argue with her psychiatrist to
avoid being classified as a psychopath (presumably she means ASPD?) on the
grounds of her political support for property damage in some circumstances.
Psychiatry mobilised as system of control - the opposite of what it should
be doing, which is protecting difference from persecution through
assumptions of sameness.  A full recognition of the radicality of
psychological difference has drastic effects for ethical theory and
jurisprudence, amounting to an effective suspension of judgement due to
incommensurability of difference and intangible effects of unjust context -
something recognised in historic ideas of *mens rea*, but increasingly
resisted today.
The historical construction of the "psychopath" is problematic, because it
is clear from the studies of the "London Monster" that the *figure* of the
psychopath in popular imaginations precedes the actual emergence of serial
attackers of this particular kind.  Also that the emergence of this figure
is closely connected to the rise of modernity and the alienated city in
praticular.  Of course, the biological determinists will then revise the
historical record to attempt to reinterpret earlier instances of mass-murder
in the same terms - but the discursive status was quite different.  Anyway -
it is clear that the social fears of the random stranger without social
ties, who will behave in a "predatory" way, arises from the disintegration
of social density in the modern city and the increasing frequency of contact
with people with whom one has no particular affinity or specific relation.
Hence the fear that such a person might be something monstrous.
Simultaneous with this is the rise of instrumental social relations - from a
related but distinct source - capitalism and statism specifically encourage
instrumental relations (contracts, law, master-slave dyads, instrumental
rationality) as a replacement for dense horizontal networks of connections.
This certainly has a psychological dimension, and there are psychological
techniques (they would be termed "moral" at the time) for producing
instrumental and alienated selves, but these are deliberate strategies of
subjectification, the social production of a kind of "normality".  This is
presumably where we get the prevalence of alleged psychopaths in stock
markets and management, and the idea of the corporation as psychopath (as in
the film "The Corporation"), in which case "psychopath" really means,
someone who relates to others in a purely instrumental way, who has no
affinity-connections but only instrumental connections.  I wonder in this
context if "psychopathy" of the clinical sense would then be a kind of
overconformity - an excessive effect arising from dominant, "normal" kinds
of subjectification - a case of people being "too normal", being what the
dominant system desires, but in such a way that its desire is returned in
"true-inverted form" as the Lacanians put it - when the psychopath gives the
social system what it wants (a perfectly instrumentalised subjectivity), the
system sees how horrific what it desired was to begin with - hence the
peculiar traumatic fixation on psychopathy, out of all proportion to the
actual level of observable harm (the number of people killed by serial
killers, children abducted by strangers, etc) in relation to more "mundane"
harms (deaths in car accidents, children killed by their parents, etc).
In other words - in the absence of definitive proof of transcultural
universality, I would assume that a society makes its "psychopaths".  In
this case, what is more, it is not even clear that they are made as
Also, we need to remember that explanation is not just about "lack" (the
"psychopath" does not have the ethical or compassionate barrier to harming
others) but also motive or cause (a person with no barrier to harming others
would nevertheless be harmless unless they had a specific *reason *to wish
to harm another person) - the bracketing of the latter implies that in
dominant culture it is assumed that we all *want* to harm other people, that
the only thing holding us back is the ethical or compassionate force (the
superego one might say), which itself says something very disturbing about
contemporary society - perhaps that all the neurotic mainstreamers differ
from the "psychopaths" only in having a superego, in other words, that they
too have been subjectified as "psychopaths" (as instrumental subjects and
also as expressing a general *ressentiment* and desire to harm others) but
with an extra element added on top (Locke built on top of Hobbes).  Quite
probably, there are peoples without superegos, who nevertheless do not harm
one another most of the time (the Bushmen for instance are quite capable of
murder, but usually simply lack the motive to do so).
The bias in Anglo-American psychology is in three directions - towards
classification and correlation, towards fetishising "behaviour" and the
observable, and towards resorting as quickly as possible to reductive
biological explanations.  All of which avoid the role of social relations
and the alienating context on emotional wellbeing, interpersonal relations
and social action.  Not that switching to social causality necessarily
solves the problem - there are ways of explaining through social causality
which are just as uncritical, usually by emphasising the microsocial and
seeking abnormalities in it as a cause of personal abnormalities.  If we
really want to understand psychology, we need to get into a whole range of
quite complex issues.  Firstly, the experience of connection across a social
and ecological field and the experience of rupture in this connection.
Secondly, the traumatic effects of authoritarian and alienating social forms
on subject-formation.  Thirdly, the impacts of specific dominant macrosocial
forms in terms of traumatic effects and also in terms of productive
connections (how violence is experienced in a militarist and patriarchal
society for example, how exhilaration of speed is related to the social role
of cars, and the social construction of the idea of chemical fixes both
pharmacological and illicit).  And fourthly, how all of these intersect with
questions of difference, ways in which particular differences are channelled
in particular ways, or are criminalised, pathologised or labelled from an
early point, often with effects of reinforcement of deviance.  There are a
number of psychoanalytically-inspired and critical psychiatric theorists who
have looked into these issues - Reich, Marcuse, Fromm, Laing, Guattari,
Bateson, Foucault all come to mind.  Reich in particular I find useful in
thinking around these kinds of issues.  The concepts of "character-armour"
and especially "affect blocking" cover a lot of the terrain of
stereotypically psychopathic dispositions such as the blocking of compassion
and the ability to lie easily (actual emotional states do not show due to
character-armour), and also related matters such as how affect-blocks might
be connected to a positive valuing of aggression.

@_date: 2009-11-03 00:40:51
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] facebook gaming scams 
Don't know enough to cover it, but I play many of these kinds of games from
a number of different companies, and they tend to have a very similar
funding model.  There's a split between regular in-game currency and a
special type of currency which buys special items and in-game boosts (which
can include being able to take in-game actions more quickly, buying regular
in-game currency with special currency, adding skill points, etc).  The
trick is to establish the relative importance of three kinds of revenue the
game developers are getting: the "scam" revenue, revenue from direct sales
of special currency, and revenue from in-game ads (which in some games are
VERY prominent).  While I can imagine the extra revenue from offers might be
enough to give some companies a slight advantage if effects of advertising
are cumulative (and I can imagine visibility and popularity being very much
cumulative in a very competitive field based partly on social networking),
from having earlier tried out schemes which pay users to complete offers,
view ads and the like, I very much doubt that offers are the main component
(I think the ratio is something like 10 times as much revenue for the
company for redirecting to offers than for viewing ads, and these games
usually have about four ads showing at any given time, whereas only a
minority complete offers).  Of course this depends on whether the gaming
companies or Facebook is getting the ad revenue.
Zynga is the most successful but also most notorious - the company has a bad
reputation for "stealing" game ideas - they've been accused of copying
Farmville from Farm Town and they actually had to pay up over Mafia Wars
(allegedly copied from Mob Wars).  Zynga's success comes from massive
advertising in Facebook, but also I think from being particularly efficient
and diligent in how it organises its games, which have a very professional
look and feel, and more expansive "extras" than most such games.  Though,
there are many, many similar games using exactly the same basic structure.
The games are open to obsessive play because they are based on repeated
actions and accumulated knowledge, and the social aspect is better
integrated than in older types of gaming.
Another difficulty with these games is that most of them require large
numbers of friends also playing (an incentive to recruit into the game), and
while Facebook allow the games, and allow groups where users solicit for
other users to "friend" them for game purposes, they also have a bad habit
of banning users who add too many friends at once (who their algorhythms
confuse with spammers).  Officially users are only supposed to "friend"
people they actually know.  But if users adhered to this, most of these
games would be either a lot less successful or basically unplayable.
My suspicion is that the overwhelming majority of users never buy special
currency - which is not *necessary* for success in most of these games, or
even especially useful, and which in most cases accumulates anyway with
level-ups or other kinds of success in-game - and that the business model is
thus either primarily ad-funded or depends on a tiny proportion of people
who buy or complete offers.
While MMORPGs and the like used to be mainly paid for by subscription,
increasingly the newer games have turned to funding models based on selling
supplementary extras while keeping the game itself free.  Some have a basic
free-to-play version but require payments for expanded content necessary at
higher levels of play (e.g. all the monsters over a certain level might be
in the pay-to-play areas).  A few allow ad-supported alternatives to sign-up
subscriptions.  Quite a few seem to be ad-based only.  What's maybe relevant
to P2P is the extent to which all these models except the subscription model
rely on the possibility of indefinitely large amounts of "free riding" or
users who pay absolutely nothing at any point towards the game.

@_date: 2009-11-13 01:12:49
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Colonialism and Commons Enclosure 
Hmmm, I read one of Franklin's pieces in the Persram volume on
postcolonialism, and wasn't impressed.  There was nothing in there I
couldn't have figured out by spending an hour on a web forum or two -
basically the chapter tried to pass off quite mundane facts about internet
life (for instance, that people argue about whether it's justifiable to
swear in forums or use all caps, and that people discuss issues of cultural
identity online and disagree because of their different political positions)
as massively original and theoretically significant
postcolonial/poststructuralist insights.  Certainly not relevant to IP and
the "commons" - it's more Laclauian identity-construction type stuff.
The intersection postcolonialism - commons - IP is a grouping I've not seen
explored.  Although a Google scholar search on the terms "intellectual
property commons postcolonial" reveals a list of possibilities, leading with
adding search term "online" brings this:
I'd also add that Vandana Shiva does a lot of work on biopiracy and
monoculture, and the "new enclosures" and the commons has inspired a string
of work by autonomist-inspired authors, notably in the collection "Midnight

@_date: 2009-11-19 23:17:37
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] anti-microfinance movement in nicaragua protests 
I have a feeling this discussion is at cross-purposes.  I doubt the protests
are targeting the small sector of microfinance which comes from NGO
initiatives aiming to alleviate poverty (I remember a scheme like this in
Venezuela being one of Chavez's most popular policies).  I'd describe these
initiatives as ideologically worrying but well-meaning, and quite possibly
able to bring local benefits.
(Ideologically worrying for three reasons: because they encourage the
constitution of neoliberal 'entrepreneurial' subjectivities among the poor,
undermining the formation of dissident subjectivities; because they bracket
questions of the causes of poverty and of 'distributive justice' for want of
a better term, in relation to histories of colonialism, slavery and
expropriation; and because they retain a system of market-exchange as
opposed to gift economy).
A lot of microcredit comes from standard lending institutions such as banks,
from international agencies like the World Bank and their local allies, or
from local NGOs which are actually fronts for the usual powerholders.
They're classified as "micro" because the amounts involved are very small.
I would guess that most of them lend in local currency and are repaid in
local currency.  Many of them are no doubt engaged in pursuit of profit, and
have connections to other elites in the local society.  Even the
well-meaning humanitarian stuff can get caught up in local power networks.
The reason they continue to invest in things like this, when they could
invest in more profitable forms of banking, is that it provides a return in
terms of local power, as well as profit - the trick is to get people into
debt and therefore dependent or subordinate.  Also, quite probably the usual
lenders are local figures who deal in local currency and who wouldn't have
stable access to international currency exchange, being small players who
don't necessarily travel and given that foreign institutions may well be
wary of converting unreliable currencies except at some cost.
I wonder how widespread Ryan's case actually is, in terms of microcredit
lending.  Southern currencies left to themselves may well be in freefall,
but many of them are pegged somehow.  For instance, several Latin American
currencies are either dollar-pegged, or else supplemented with local use of
the dollar, so microcredit may well be loaned in dollars.  The CFA Franc,
used 14 African countries, is pegged to the Euro.  And some of the other
currencies, particularly in East Asia, are holding up alright.  I daresay
someone who lent before the financial crisis, and received the same amount
back from a country marginal to the financial system, would be getting a
better exchange rate - some currencies plummeted a lot more precipitately
than others.
Anyway - I'd suspect the initiative he's involved in is atypical.  The
normal case would see either local lenders or NGOs lending in the local
currency and seeking repayment in the local currency, plus interest, with
the full amount then funnelled back into further microcredit.  If the
organisation is a local business, state, NGO, etc., then the issue of
currency conversion does not arise.  If it is a global NGO or an
organisation such as the IMF, foreign currency would be used for startup
(probably from donations), but the aim of the scheme would be ongoing, so
the local currency would be recycled locally.

@_date: 2009-11-23 06:25:21
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Writes Wikipedia? (blog post by Aaron Swartz) 
Not sure if anyone's interested, but this has already happened with some of
the Wikia sites - the one I'm familiar with is the Transformers wikia, whose
most regular editors forked into TFwiki.com in a dispute over imposed banner
ads on the Wikia site.
In my experience, Wikipedia has a lot of crap around it because there's a
bewildering array of rules and policies, admins have a lot of power and the
place also attracts the online equivalent of curtain-twitchers, who use and
abuse both procedural and 'illegal' lines of action for their own
advantage.  I've contributed a few times and had perfectly good articles or
paragraphs removed over all kinds of nit-picking, most of it subjective.
There is a horrible "mission creep" - policies which don't look bad on the
surface, and were introduced for clear reasons, undergoing
passive-aggressive misuse as a way to fight disputes over different
opinions, to keep out rival viewpoints and so on.
This said, any project of this kind would have to have some way to handle
content disputes where users are committed enough to persist in reverting or
repeating edits (which is a very different issue from outright "vandalism",
though often conflated).  One possibility might be to have redirects to
different versions of the same article.

@_date: 2009-11-27 07:04:11
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Godwin's Law of Nazi Comparisons on the Internet 
Perhaps it would be more apposite to observe that, sadly, there is a lot in
the contemporary world that is reminiscent of some aspect or other of
fascist regimes?
Fascism is an outgrowth of a particular set of forces in capitalist/statist
modernity which have not gone away, and not at all as dissimilar to other
regimes as the extremity of its atrocities, or the condemnations of them,
suggest.  Hence it's actually quite accurate to suggest that many aspects of
everyday authoritarianism are what Guattari terms 'microfascist'.  (This I
think is where we get the "Soup Nazi", "council planning board Nazis" and
the like).
In addition, fascism makes an effective reductio ad absurdum because it is
highly unlikely that someone will respond by endorsing the fascist example.
And reductio ad absurdum is an accepted form of logical argumentation for
exposing flawed arguments.  (For instance, when arguing with someone who
thinks it is never ethically justified to use direct action against an
elected government's policies).
There is also a kind of 'state fascism' (similar to Francoist, Mussolinist
and bureaucratic-Nazi mindsets) which is widespread in 'deep states' and
which parallels with fascist regimes precisely because these regimes were
outgrowths of the 'deep state' either directly (as in the various
dictatorships arising from coups) or indirectly (as in the Nazi case,
involving demobilised soldiers who reconstituted themselves in militarised
organisations).  It is subtly different from the kind of movement-fascism
associated with neo-Nazi groups, but is possibly just as dangerous - it is I
suspect the basic form of fascism, whereas movement-fascism is the form it
takes when blocked in some way.  (This is where we get the designation of
policies or politicians as Nazi - the Patriot Act for example).
Finally, I'd add that this kind of 'return' of fascism - probably as the
emotional heat of discussions increases - is proof of its status as a kind
of 'traumatic object' in capitalist/statist modernity.  It is because
fascism is an unwanted symptom of modernity, a side-effect of practices *most
people endorse and take part in*, that it is disavowed and warded off,
wrongly labelled as an instance of extreme Otherness.  And it is because of
this traumatic status that it periodically returns as an expression of
emotional hostility to a position - most often (though not always) to a
position that brings out the dark underside of
capitalism/statism/modernity.  It is, paradoxically, in this emotional
'return' that the truth of the situation is revealed - at the very least (in
the less appropriate cases of use), in showing the traumatic status of
fascism and its 'extimate' relationship to supposedly 'non-fascist'
capitalist/statist societies; and very often, also revealing the real
continuities arising from its symptomatic status.

@_date: 2009-10-02 14:56:27
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thinking about science fiction bias 
On a slightly different aspect of the same topic - the social function of
sci-fi (and fantasy, utopia, dystopia, cyberpunk, steampunk, etc) is very
often expanding the boundaries of the thinkable in relation to the present,
for instance thinking otherness by suspending aspects of the present,
critiquing aspects of the present by a kind of reductio ad absurdum, or
critiquing by showing contingency and the possibility of at least
conceivability of other ways of being, or showing other ways which the
author thinks are better or worse, or even modelling aspects of the present
in a more abstract way.
In this context, the "alien" (or in fantasy, the demi-human - elves, orcs
and so on) often models the "otherness" of social settings - at its crudest,
other cultures and races (there's a long history of critiques of implicit
racism in sci-fi), or in more complex cases, aspects of humanity which are
feared or treated as different.  Hence one sees shifts over time between
aliens as threatening and as necessarily "evil", to friendly and supportive
aliens, and back again.
I noticed that 90s-era sci-fi was moving towards a liberal cosmopolitanism
reflecting the political conjuncture - the likes of Babylon 5 and Deep Space
9 models a situation where the humans are acting like a galactic UN, trying
to resolve insoluble conflicts among aliens, and facing dilemmas about
whether to intervene and take sides - very similar to the international
politics of today.  Plus also, a strong vein of conspiracy sci-fi, things
like the X-Files and the Matrix, expressing fears about the New World Order,
where the "alien" (other) becomes the dark side of the world government or
the conspirator.  More recently I think we're back with more traditional,
menacing aliens which pose an overwhelming threat - the Battlestar Galactica
remake for example, and Star Trek: Enterprise.
Hence - I don't think sci-fi aliens express an assessment of what aliens
would actually be like...  I think they express a projection of how humans
conceive otherness in a particular moment.
If Ryan is looking for explorations of transhumanism and effects on
subjectivity of robotics, AI, reconstruction of bodies, etc, this certainly
gets covered but most often in futuristic cyberpunk and dystopia rather than
"straight" sci-fi...  I'm thinking of things like Blade Runner, Ghost in the
Shell, Perdido Street Station, Spielberg's AI, Gattica, Total Recall, etc.

@_date: 2009-10-08 04:47:22
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
It's a shame we have to go through this ritual of scientific fundamentalism,
which seems to me to have little to do with p2p.  There is a lot I could say
on this but I'll keep it short.  We live in a world where there are many
people with many different perspectives.  To attempt to impose one's own
perspective as overarching truth and force others to live by it is a kind of
imperial arrogance which necessarily leads to persistent social war among
groups with different perspectives.  So, there can only be coexistence and
dialogue among perspectives, or social war among them.  The choice to insist
that others not act in ways which seem absurd or harmful to you but not to
them, necessarily entails the latter choice.  It matters not a jot if the
majority agree, because the majority only count as relevant if there is a
community within which they are the majority, and if they are not
recognising conditions of social peace with others, there is no such
community.  And it matters not a jot if scientists agree, because scientists
are also a community of epistemological privilege.  We simply cannot afford
a world where the way things seem from a certain perspective is taken to be
the way things are, and alternative perspectives are dismissed as absurd
etc.  I have no more tolerance for people taking this stance in the name of
science than for those taking this stance in the name of religion.  It's the
same either way.
We also need to remember historically, how science, rationalism,
instrumentalism and the like were and are complicit in colonialism, the
extermination of indigenous peoples, the belittling of other ways of seeing,
the strengthening of techniques of domination, and the demonisation of
psychological difference.  And we need to remember that the state is not
anyone's protector, it is an authoritarian entity which slaughters
millions.  If people want to worry about children dying then start with the
children dying of famine because of state-sustained capitalism, and the
children slaughtered by statists in Iraq and Afghanistan; and then look at
the vicious effects of authoritarian parenting and education and the misery
they cause to millions of children.
Where it comes back to p2p is the need for p2p to be extended to healthcare
also.  The distrust of doctors (rational or not) comes from the hierarchical
organisation of medicine and resultant inability of patients to make
informed choices (incase anyone mistakes me: there is no more choice in a
market of similar commodities than in a state system).  For people to listen
to a doctor when there is doubt, there needs to be trust, and reliable
information.  There will always be some who make bad choices because of how
they read the information through their own paradigm, but there is no way to
be sure in advance of which disputing party is making the mistake.  The only
way forward is to try to work through problems dialogically.  Of course the
monstrosity of the state gives people the temptation to substitute their own
arrogance for the difficult process of dialogue and seek to impose their own
conclusions.  It would have been better for history if the state had never
come about.  Now it's here, all we can do is resist the temptation.

@_date: 2009-10-28 02:36:24
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
First point:  the switch from concentrated (MNC) to diffuse (garage)
distribution of manufacturing is affected by the whole field of intellectual
property (IP), not just patents.  While patents may indeed be unaffordable
for very small outfits, the same problems do not affect other forms of IP
such as copyright and trademarks.
Second point: there is little empirical evidence of a move away from IP in
fields most open to decentralised production.  Open-source software
specifically defends itself against IP by formal and deliberate means, but
the wider field of diffuse software production gets pulled back into IP
disputes constantly, with disputes over ideas still at the "garage" stage
(c.f. the lawsuit over who invented Facebook).  IP also seems not to be
disappearing from production of books, music, games, etc.
Third point: the move towards decentralisation is relative.  It is true that
from a *normative *point of view, the creation of a *non- or post-capitalist
* social system would most likely eliminate IP.  However, from an *empirical
* point of view, changes *within capitalism *towards decentralisation are
not leading to the elimination of big businesses but rather, to flattened
hierarchies and contracting-out.  Small businesses plugged into the world
economy usually produce goods trademarked, copyrighted and patented by large
corporations.  Large corporations see the need to continue and even tighten
these IP regimes because their relevance to the whole process is centrally
premised on the extraction of rent on IP - the IP regime prevents small
companies undercutting large companies in local markets.  Indeed, I would
maintain given recent studies showing equal productivity in factories in
North and South, that the central mechanism of core-periphery exploitation
has moved from technological inequality (high vs low value added) to rent
extraction on IP.  Since the loss of IP would make large companies
irrelevant, they fight tooth and nail to preserve it, even beyond strict
competitiveness, and behave in otherwise quite "irrational" ways to prevent
their own irrelevance (e.g. the MPAA and RIAA's alienating of customers).
Fourth point: IP is a form of rent-extraction carried out by or through
states, not strictly speaking a part of the process of capitalist markets.
The persistence of the practice can be undermined by refusal to take
advantage of legal privileges/rights which exist, but the laws will not
disappear due to market processes, only due to state decisions.  It is
possible that states will decide that IP is retarding competitiveness and
needs to go, but it seems unlikely given the latest trends towards more
draconian enforcement.  It may be more likely that states will expand IP
coverage to address new problems.  Hence, if small businesses are not
getting patents because of cost, states might reduce or eliminate the cost
of patents for small businesses.
Fifth point: it may be more productive to look at the continuing
applicability or enforceability of IP, rather than whether businesses will
continue to use it.  While this is very visible in the virtual and
informational sphere ("pirating" and free duplication of games, software,
console systems, music, film, TV, news, books, etc), it is also increasingly
the case in terms of technological hardware.  Growing Southern economies -
China being especially notorious - tend to have either limited IP regimes or
lax enforcement, meaning that everything that a MNC produces there, will
also be copied or counterfeited at the same quality for the local market,
and in some cases traded internationally.  I have my suspicions that
Southern regimes are very aware of the centrality of IP to core-periphery
exploitation and their laxity is quite deliberate.  But, in part it also
reflects the limits of the Southern state in terms of capacity to dominate
society, and the growing sophistication of transnational networks (e.g.
organised crime networks), which can evade, penetrate and fight the state
very effectively.

@_date: 2009-09-11 07:55:35
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] e-protests and e-repression, Aug-Dec 2008 
More to follow soon...
*  IRAN:  Attack on "immoral" websites
*  GLOBAL:  Protest over removal of Facebook breastfeeding photos
*  BURMA:  Technology and protest
*  CROATIA:  Facebook-organised protests "fizzle"
*  US:  TurboTax withdraws price hike after protest
*  ISRAEL:  Turkish hackers hit Israeli sites over Gaza blockade
*  TAIWAN:  Student movements go high-tech
*  SAUDI ARABIA:  Using the Internet to create a culture of dissent
*  RWANDA:  Arrest protests go online
*  INDIA:  Anti-Novell protesters manhandled at free software event
*  BRAZIL:  Protests against internet crackdown
*  US:  The Internet in Proposition 8 protests
*  ARMENIA - GEORGIA:  Bloggers protest church demolitions
*  INDONESIA:  New law to require ID checks at cybercafes
*  KENYA:  Mobile phones banned over school uprisings
*  KOREA:  Blogger arrested over beef protests
*  COLOMBIA:  State seeks to suppress news coverage of indigenous revolt
*  US:  YouTube removal of McCain videos sparks concern
*  TAIWAN:  Online protest targets US institute
*  US:  Woman changes name to URL in animal rights protest
*  US:  "Terrorists benefit" from wiretaps
*  UK:  "Extreme porn" bill sparks protests
*  NEW ZEALAND:  Protest over man jailed for refusing to remove web postings
*  CHINA:  Effective use of blogs
*  KOREA:  New media and protest
*  INDIA:  Vigil against software patents
*  SAUDI ARABIA:  Online protest over Jeddah redevelopment
*  MEXICO:  Role of Facebook in massive protests
*  US:  Backlash against ad tracking
*  MALAYSIA:  Anti-government news site banned
*  GLOBAL:  Newspapers cry foul over Google-Yahoo deal
*  GLOBAL:  Facebook redesign meets protest
*  CANADA:  Copyright bill meets web activism
*  VIETNAM:  Govt protests Chinese postings
*  US:  Viral wolf video hits Sarah Palin
*  AUSTRALIA:  Support fades for net censorship plan
*  AUSTRALIA:  Indigenous community posts video in protest at "intervention"
*  RUSSIA:  Soldier sent to Siberia for YouTube rap
*  US:  Bailout protests reach cyberspace
*  GLOBAL:  Web brings new weapons of war, terror, protest
Tehran Ramps Up Campaign Against 'Immoral' Websites
Iranians flock to Internet cafes in Tehran.
December 15, 2008
By Farangis Najibullah
The Iranian authorities, who admit to blocking access to over 5 million
websites, have decided to take additional measures to restrict Internet
access and crack down on bloggers.
Iranian news agencies recently quoted Tehran prosecutor Said Mortazavi as
saying those behind irreligious and immoral websites would be "harshly
The prosecutor's office has set up a special department to deal with
Internet "crimes." Mortazavi said a team of Internet experts along with two
officials would identify and block websites that "do not follow religious
principles and are immoral."
RFE/RL's Radio Farda has reported that intelligence services would also take
part in the campaign.
Earlier this month, Esmail Jafari, a blogger from the southwestern city of
Bushehr was sentenced to five months in prison. He was found guilty of
antigovernment publicity and disseminating information abroad.
According to Reporters Without Borders, a Paris-based media rights groups,
at least two online journalists, Mojtaba Lotfi and Shahnaz Gholami, are
currently being detained in Iran.
Gholami, an editor of the "Azar Zan" blog, was charged with jeopardizing
national security.
In October, an adviser to Iran's chief prosecutor said more than 5 million
antisocial and immoral websites have been blocked and are no longer
accessible in the country.
Most recently, an Iranian dating website, "Hamsarchat," was fined and banned
after being accused of promoting prostitution.
The popular website, which claims to be "Iran's most complete spouse-finding
website," has been taken to court following a complaint from Tehran's public
Growing Internet Presence
With some 20 million people with access to the Internet, Iran is one of the
biggest Internet users in the Middle East. And despite all the blocks,
filtering, and other restrictions, blogging is becoming increasingly
According to media reports, there are some 65,000 bloggers in Iran, most of
whom try to stay away from political issues, focusing instead on social,
art, family, and other safer topics.
But the popularity of the Internet, especially, among young people, and its
impact on society is obviously a source of concern for the Iranian
Some Iranian leaders have warned that the West is trying to provoke a
"Velvet Revolution" in Iran using the Internet.
Alongside Iranian music, news, and political websites, they have also
blocked access to popular foreign sites such as YouTube and Facebook.
However, according to Said, a blogger in Tehran, the authorities' "old
method of filtering is not working anymore." Said tells Radio Farda that
"with simple software or proxies, you can avoid any filter."
In the meantime, Iran's authorities and religious leaders are themselves
trying to use the Internet to get their message out.
have set up personal websites to promote their ideas to the public.
RFE/RL's Radio Farda contributed to this report
December 31, 2008
Protest as Facebook removes breastfeeding photos
As part of a Facebook users' rebellion against the site, a group blitzed it
with breastfeeding photos, some of which were taken down
Mike Harvey, Technology Correspondent
Alpha Mummy: Facebook needs to grow up
A mass online protest movement is gathering pace after Facebook banned some
breastfeeding photos from the social network site.
Angry mothers even picketed the Facebook headquarters in Palo Alto,
California, in a live "nurse-in" to complain about a ban on photos of
mothers suckling their children that exposed too much of the mother's
breast. Hundreds of women have had their pictures removed without warning
and have been informed that they may be barred from using the site.
More than 80,000 people have joined a Facebook petition group "Hey Facebook,
Breast-feeding is not Obscene" with hundreds joining every hour. More than
11,000 women from around the world have also taken part in an online
"nurse-in" protest on Saturday by posting more breastfeeding pictures. The
protest's organisers reported that many have since had these photos removed
from the site.
Facebook has said that it has no problem with breastfeeding but photos that
showed nipples or aureolae were indecent and had to be removed.
Barry Schnitt, a Facebook spokesman, said the website takes no action over
most breast-feeding photos because they follow the site's terms of use.
"We agree that breast-feeding is natural and beautiful and we're very glad
to know that it is so important to some mothers to share this experience
with others on Facebook.'' But, he added, some photos were removed to ensure
the site remains safe and secure for all users, including children.
"Photos containing a fully exposed breast - as defined by showing the nipple
or areola - do violate those terms on obscene, pornographic or sexually
explicit material and may be removed," he said in a statement. "The photos
we act upon are almost exclusively brought to our attention by other users
who complain."
Patricia Madden, from San Jose, had a photograph of her breastfeeding her
daughters Zoe and Isobel removed from the site. The birth doula, who
encourages new mothers to breast-feed, was photographed by her husband while
feeding in the bathtub.
"It's amazing to me that we're living in a world where people are upset by
this,'' she said. "You can't see my nipples. It's completely legal to
breast-feed in public. Breast-feeding is completely natural and healthy.
They took off the photo, without my permission," she told the San Jose
Mercury News.
The live protest in Palo Alto, under the banner of the Mothers International
Lactation Campaign, attracted a handful of mothers and supporters who
picketed peacefully, armed with suckling children and placards.
It is legal to breastfeed in public in most states in America and in many
countries around the world including Britain but Facebook's terms of service
give it the right to remove content that it deems it to be inappropriate.
Campaigners say that breastfeeding is natural and healthy and should be not
bracketed with pornography. Facebook's stance demeans and stigmatises women,
they say.
Heather Farley, 23, of Provo, Utah, said she was surprised when Facebook
took down two photos of her nursing her 6-month-old daughter, one of which
was her profile picture. She became of the protest's organisers. She said:
"Where I live, I can breast-feed in public or private, and there are laws
that say it's not obscene or lewd or indecent. If I can do it in public, why
can't I do it on Facebook?"
Censoring such images, she said, reinforces stigmas that discourage mothers
from a healthy, natural practice. Angry site, but not wanting to lose
her online friend network by unsubscribing, she decided to take action.
The online petition on Facebook, which has more than 120 million members
around the world, has sparked a furious debate with more than 1,500
discussion topics on the petition's homepage. Most comments are supportive
but some ask why, if breastfeeding mothers don't like being censored on
Facebook, they don't join another free site which does allow them to post
their pictures.
80,000 protest Facebook's breastfeeding ban
Wednesday, December 31, 2008
104 days 3 hours 38 minutes ago
By ninemsn staff
Breastfeeding mothers have launched an online protest against Facebook after
images of them suckling their babies were removed from their profiles
without warning.
More than 80,000 people have joined the Facebook petition group "Hey
Facebook, Breast-feeding is not Obscene" after hundreds of women were warned
they could be barred from the site if photos showed too much of the mother's
breast, The Times has reported.
One mother, Heather Farley, of Utah, became one of the protest organisers
after two photos of her nursing her six-month-old daughter were removed.
"Where I live, I can breast-feed in public or private, and there are laws
that say it's not obscene or lewd or indecent. If I can do it in public, why
can't I do it on Facebook?" she said.
A Facebook spokesperson claimed that some photos were indecent and had to be
removed to "ensure the site remains safe and secure for all users".
"Photos containing a fully exposed breast ? as defined by showing the nipple
or areola ? do violate those terms on obscene, pornographic or sexually
explicit material and may be removed," Barry Schnitt was quoted as saying in
a statement.
But Mr Schnitt also said most breast-feeding follow the site's terms of use
and the photos removed were mostly photos other users had complained about.
"We agree that breast-feeding is natural and beautiful and we're very glad
to know that it is so important to some mothers to share this experience
with others on Facebook," he said.
Technology and protest in Myanmar
By Dheera Sujan
An ordinary telephone SIM card costs just two US dollars in Bangkok. In
Myanmar, less than an hour away by plane, it costs 1800 US dollars. This in
a country where a surgeon is lucky to take home 100 US dollars a month.
Yet there are more mobile phones in the towns and cities of this closed
country than its army led government would like. And mobile phones were key
instruments in the organisation and news dissemination of last September's
pro democracy protests led by monks - illustrating exactly why the leading
Junta fear the access to the outside world that technology offers.
The September protests were caught by the countless mobile phones of
ordinary people or shot at great risk by the hidden video cameras of
undercover reporters and sent out of the country within minutes through the
internet. Smuggled video tapes found their way to mainstream media around
the world.
Mobile video footage of a Japanese journalist shot at close range
Scenes of violence shown on Al-Jazeera
Unprecedented coverage
For a few days Burmese monks led civilian protesters on the streets of
Yangon, and the international community watched, electrified by the
unprecedented images of a country that had remained behind its own bamboo
curtain for years. At first, the Myanmar government was paralysed with
indecision. Then it did what most feared it would - it called in the troops.
And still the cameras rolled, still the images were loaded onto YouTube. A
Japanese cameraman, shot at point blank range by a soldier, troops shooting
into crowds of civilians, police beating monks with iron bars, and dragging
off peaceful demonstrators holding banners.
Having their story told
The world was watching Myanmar for the first time in decades and the Burmese
people, forcibly isolated for so long, were exultantly aware that they were
not forgotten. "It's almost an existential desire for the Burmese to have
their story told," says one journalist who has written and reported from the
country for more than 20 years. She was there during the protests last year,
and she was there when the retribution came.
Just a few weeks ago, the government of Myanmar apprehended leaders of the
protests, monks, journalists, and bloggers and sentenced them to up to 65
years in prison. The bloggers were accused of violating the Electronics Act
which regulates electronic communications.
The sentences are breathtakingly harsh, and they send a clear message from
the government - that it will brook no opposition from within during the
run-up to the elections planned for 2010. But there is also a hidden message
in the single-minded way people who sent images of human rights violations
out of the country have been hunted down: that the government too can use
technology to its own benefit. People have been traced through their email
and mobile phones and internet servers have been examined for "improper
Cat and mouse
The government has even mined the very same images of the violent put-down
of the demonstrators to locate the shops, doorways and homes where people
may have taken the footage and then made group arrests to find the
But as the journalist says, "it's a cat and mouse game. The government
blocks the technology in one way and people find alternatives to go around
it. There are proxy servers springing up all the time...it won't stop. The
people will always find a way of making their voice heard. It's always been
that way in Burma."
08. 12. 08. - 12:00
Anti-government Facebook protests fizzle
Croatian Times
Anti-government protests organized on Facebook fizzled Friday when roughly
3,500 people turned out for a demonstration that organizers hoped would draw
About 2,500 people gathered in the capital, Zagreb. Several hundred turned
up in Croatia's second-largest city, Split, and a few hundred more in five
other cities to protest government austerity measures.
"It's easier to click a mouse, in the safety of your home, than show up in
public," said Jaksa Matovinovic, a spokesman for the group that organized
the protest.
Still, the protests demonstrated that online social networks have began to
have some political impact in this former Yugoslav republic, where only 2 in
5 households have access to the Internet
Younger generations are well-versed in the Internet, but gaffes by some
politicians reflect Croatia's relative computer illiteracy.
Speaker of parliament Vladimir Seks called the social networking Web site
"Facebok." Opposition lawmaker Mato Arlovic, spoke of "emajl" - enamel in
Croatian - when he meant e-mail. And former Interior Minister Ivica Kirin
called YouTube "Jubito" in a widely played clip posted on that site.
The Facebook group, called "Tighten your own belt, you gang of knaves,"
criticized Prime Minister Ivo Sanader's measures to fight a potential
financial crisis, saying they would hurt the average Croat while politicians
and the rich would be unscathed. It also blames the government for failing
to fight crime and corruption.
"Only united we are becoming a force that no one can ignore," the group's
leader, Josip Dell Olio, told the crowd in Zagreb.
Recent police questioning of two members of Facebook groups critical of the
government signalled that politicians may not be prepared for a new,
cyberspace opposition.
Irate Croat politicians still sometimes place calls over critical stories in
traditional news media, and occasionally, stories are being pulled or
changed as a consequence.
Although there are few formal restrictions, Croatia still has some ways to
go in shedding its authoritarian past, first imposed by communism and then
by the nationalist forces that ruled the ex-Yugoslav country in the 1990's.
TurboTax Withdraws Price Hike after Protest
Reported by: John Matarese
Email: jmatarese at wcpo.com
Last Update: 12/15/2008 6:19 pm
TurboTax has been the number one do it yourself tax program for years
....because it's easy to use, provides great support, and is so affordable.
But that affordability may be a thing of the past, according to some people
who have looked at the newest version for the 2008/2009 filing season.
Online Complaints force Reconsideration
If you're a TurboTax user, you may be amazed by the angry reviews the newest
version is getting at Amazon.com and various online blogs.
But the good news: Turbotax is now reversing at least some of its latest new
fees....because of all the online outrage.
Why are so many users unhappy?
For starters, TurboTax is raising the price of its popular deluxe version
from $45 to $59.  That was enough to anger many veteran users.
But more controversial: It was also planning to eliminate free sharing among
family members. In the past, you could use one version to prepare taxes for
up to 5 family members.
The Power of the Internet
But Turbox has now reconsided and is withdrawing that plan after online
protests, which demonstrates the power of the internet. In addition, it's
adding free e-filing this year, so the price hike is not as bad as it
But my advice? If you dont like the new price, consider H&R Block's TaxCut,
TaxAct (free or paid versions), or other programs. And read online reviews
before purchasing a program: They'll tell you a lot about changes in each
'The good news is that as you prepare for April 15th, you have a lot of tax
prep options...And if one software program has become too expensive, you
have time to find another, so you don't waste your money.
I'm John Matarese.
redhack team attacks 16 israeli websites in protest at israeli war crimes
rednblack unity | 29.12.2008 00:18 | Palestine
a group of turkish militant hackers known as the red hack team have launched
a cyber attack on israeli sites as a protest against the israeli attacks
against the people of gaza. the sites have been hacked with a militant
anti-israel, anti-U$ slogan in english and in turkish as well as militant
images and a video.
the message on the targetted sites read as follows :
ISRAEL, now you are doing the same genocide to palestine that Hitler has
done to you.You killed the 230 innocent civil people.
Do you think that you won't pay for this? One day all peoples of world will
wake up and when they wake up they will destroy your state and the USA ,you
trusted, on your heads which you built upon blood and betrayal . you, the
zionist state, will pay for this sooner or later !
People of israel, stop your states fascism ! do something about your
Palestinians brothers
Israelis and Palestinians are brothers,
The murderer is zionist Israel and the USA,
Down with fascism, down with zionism
Long live peoples of world resistance
Long live communism
Long live RED HACK
Real hack is the hack which is for the world's people
We are disaster for the rich
here are links to the sites hacked so you can see for yourself what
followed a mirror of the site targeteted should it be repaired.
  mirror :
  mirror :
                                                    rednblack unity
Student movements go high-tech
By Hung Chen-ling ???
Friday, Nov 21, 2008, Page 8
?Hello, this is XXX, coming to you live from Taipei. We are going to
broadcast a three-party talk live around half past 12. We are currently
doing some technical tests, so please stand by ...?
These familiar opening lines did not come from a TV program or a full-time
reporter, but from the student demonstrators at Liberty Square in Taipei,
who transmitted information to everyone with Internet access. Not only is
this a historical change for Taiwan?s student movements, it is also
challenging the prejudice and distortions of mainstream media in reporting
dissenting opinion.
It is not an overstatement to view the demonstration as a ?high-tech student
At the beginning, between 400 and 500 students were mobilized overnight
using the Internet to a rally staged in front of the Executive Yuan, where
the students expressed their dissatisfaction with alleged police brutality
during the recent visit by Association for Relations Across the Taiwan
Strait Chairman Chen Yunlin (???) and the Assembly and Parade Law (?????)
that is said to have violated the protesters? freedom of speech. While
reporters were still covering anti-Chen demonstrations at the Grand Hotel
and Grand Formosa Regent Taipei where a massive police presence was
stationed, students had already sent out messages about their sit-in
protests on the Internet.
After being moved from the Executive Yuan by police, students regrouped at
Liberty Square to protest. It was amazing that in addition to rain shelters
and generators, tables and chairs, four to five computers were set up in a
row at the venue. The young generation is not only familiar with Internet
technology, but also able to broadcast news live in Chinese, English and
Japanese and send information thousands of kilometers away. The 24-hour live
broadcast became a live, uncut reality show of the student?s demands.
They told the public: ?Whatever mainstream media outlets cannot or are not
willing to do, we will do by ourselves. We will be our own media.?
High-tech social movements initiated on the Internet have existed for a
while. The Internet allows non-government organizations and local
communities to effectively form alliances across borders. In particular,
when an issue comes up, the Internet can help further discussion and
communication between organizations, or even mobilize people with a
particular position in an attempt to change the development of the issue.
Another example is the Internet mobilization of Chinese people around the
world in protest of assaults and killings of ethnic Chinese women in
Last year, up to 20,000 residents of Xiamen City in China?s Fujian Province
were mobilized through cellphone text messages and through the Internet to
protest against the construction of a chemical plant in the city.
More importantly, the Internet serves as a mouthpiece for disadvantaged
The Zapatista Army of National Liberation is a revolutionary group in
Chiapas, Mexico consisting of grassroots farmers who suffered from the North
American Free Trade Agreement, and who were besieged by heavily armed police
forces. However, this grassroots resistance gained international support
after uploading locally gathered information onto the Internet.
Images circulated on the Internet of masked guerillas left a deep impression
on many people. In addition, this revolutionary movement and the way it is
voicing its opposition have been described as the first ?post-modern?
movement by the New York Times.
The way the aforementioned social movements used the real-time,
interactivity and far-reaching high tech of the Internet can all be found in
the student demonstration on Liberty Square. Using the Internet, the student
demonstrators connected to all of Taiwan and implemented deliberative
democracy to make their voice heard.
Let this serve as a warning to both the establishment and its bureaucrats
and mainstream media outlets: Passive inaction and selective or distorted
reporting will no longer convince the public because the government and the
mainstream media are no longer the only sources of news.
Of course, it cannot be denied that a successful movement needs not only
technology, but also the power of discourse and organization as a foundation
for its broadcasts. This is the challenge facing student movements when they
are trying to overcome the external obstacles to getting their voices heard.
Hung Chen-ling is an assistant professor at National Taiwan University?s
Graduate Institute of Journalism.
TRANSLATED BY TED YANG
Online tools amplify a culture of protest where there is none!
by astroleni | November 8, 2008 at 10:34 am
44 views | 2 Recommendations | 1 comment
Today 70 Saudi activists launched a two-day hunger strike via Facebook to
protest the detention of 11 human rights activists who have been held in
Saudi Arabia for months - some for almost two years - without charge.
Operating under oppressive restraints of freedom of expression and assembly,
the activists' defense team and supporters have harnessed the power of
online tools to amplify their voices and calls for justice.
Calling for the release - or fair and public trails - of detainees is
incredibly restrictive under the absolute monarch. In July 2007, the
Mabahith, Saudi secret police, arrested five women who were peacefully
demonstrating for the release or trial of their relatives detained for over
two years without trial. Operating under oppressive restraints of freedom of
expression and assembly, the activists' defense team and supporters have
harnessed the power of online tools to amplify their voices and calls for
Under Saudi law, one can be detained for up to six months (and up to 60 days
in solitary confinement) without a formal sentencing or trial. Once in
custody, detainees are "commonly the victims of systematic and multiple
violations of due process and fair trial rights, including arbitrary arrest
and torture and ill-treatment during interrogation," according to Human
Rights Watch.
"We are trying to introduce a culture of protest where there is none.
Without the Internet, this wouldn't have been possible," said Mr.
al-Qahtani, an organizer of the hunger strike in an interview with Canada's
Globe and Mail.
A combination of few freedoms to assemble, express or associate oneself
publicly, reasonably high internet connectivity, and a 60% population under
the age of 30 has made it possible for this unprecedented event to occur
online. Word is quickly spreading in online chat rooms, social networks and
the blogosphere.
World media is reporting on this unprecendented act of civil disobedience.
Watch an exclusive video interview with Saudi journalist Ebtihal Mubarak
about the hunger strike at WITNESS' online channel for human rights video, the Hub, was fortunate
enough to attain the only video interview on this subject, due to its strict
adherence to safety and security issues for participants.
Read more about it on the Hub blog:
Visit the Facebook Protest Page:
Listen to an audio interview with one of the people participating in the
protest:  Though this is not the first human rights-related campaign from the region
on Facebook (see WIRED's "Cairo Activists Use Facebook to Rattle Regime"),
it is notable because it's the first one of its kind in Saudi Arabia to get
around repressive laws by harnessing power and the ubiquity of the internet
to gain attention and hopefully change policy.
I hope you'll share this info with your online colleagues who may have more
room to cover this story online or continue to look to WITNESS and the Hub
as a source of stories and information about the challenges and struggles of
people all over the world and ways in which they are confronting them face.
Suvasini Patel
Communications & Outreach Manager/WITNESS
Tel: 718-783-2000 ext. 316|suvasini at witness.org
Saudi hunger strikers risk arrest for protest
?     Article
?     Comments ( 14)
SONIA VERMA
November 6, 2008 at 10:17 PM EST
JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia ? Mohammad al-Qahtani rose before dawn, kissed his
children and prayed before embarking on the most radical act of his life: He
skipped breakfast.
The professor of economics is among a group of 64 Saudis staging this
conservative kingdom's first public hunger strike, denouncing the detention
of nearly a dozen political prisoners.
To outsiders, the two-day protest might seem tame, but in a country where
political parties, civic organizations and public rallies are strictly
banned, the strikers could face arrest for dissent.
?Yes, we are afraid,? Mr. al-Qahtani, 43, said, ?but to get our message out
we are willing to take the risk.?
He admits, however, their risk is a calculated one.
The protest, which ends Friday, was timed to coincide with the weekend here
so strikers could fast in hiding or in the safety of their own homes.
Recruitment was also kept low-key, with organizers using online networks
such as Facebook to enlist supporters and talk to each other.
?We are trying to introduce a culture of protest where there is none.
Without the Internet, this wouldn't have been possible,? Mr. al-Qahtani
Saudi's state-controlled media have not reported on the strike, although the
story is beginning to capture headlines in the international press.
The protesters' demands centre on the cases of 11 prisoners who are being
held in Jeddah and Riyadh jails without charge.
Strikers are demanding the Saudi government give the prisoners fair, public
trials or set them free.
Nine of the detained men, who were arrested in Jeddah in February, 2007,
were accused of supporting terrorism and sent to solitary confinement
without formal charge.
Human-rights groups say they were jailed for pressing for political reform.
The most high-profile prisoner is Matrouk al-Faleh, a political science
professor at Riyadh's King Saud University, who was arrested in May after
publishing a report criticizing conditions in Saudi jails.
He was previously jailed in 2003 after calling for a constitutional
monarchy, but was subsequently freed by King Abdullah when he assumed the
throne in 2005.
In an interview with The Globe and Mail, Mr. al-Faleh's wife, Jamila, said
she didn't think the hunger strike would change her husband's fate.
?It won't solve our problem, but at least I feel there are others who are
standing with us,? said Ms. Al-Faleh, who is only allowed to visit her
husband once a week and says his health is declining.
Government officials canvassed by The Globe said they were unaware of any
protest but, hypothetically speaking, said hunger strikes are against the
They declined to comment on the cases of the 11 men in detention.
With the government effectively ignoring the protest, it was unclear what
kind of impact it would have.
The activists, mostly young, prominent Saudis ? lawyers, writers, professors
and journalists ? hold positions that would likely insulate them from harsh
Some hoped their protest would encourage others from all walks of Saudi
Others described their participation as personal victories.
?I see the hunger strike as my little personal gesture to the detainees,?
wrote Ahmed al-Omran, a popular Saudi blogger known as Saudijeans.
?I don't know what it would mean to them or if they even know about it, but
it certainly means something to me. It means that I do not accept
injustice,? he wrote.
Rwanda: Protests Against Kabuye's Arrest Go Online
Edwin Musoni
18 November 2008
Kigali ? Thousands have signed various online petitions posted on the
Internet calling for the release of Director of State Protocol Rose Kabuye
who was arrested ten days ago in Germany.
Kabuye was on November 9, arrested in Frankfurt, following the contentious
indictments by the French Judge Jean Louis Bruguiere.
The Judge alleges that she was involved in the shooting down of Rwanda's
former president, Juvenal Habyarimana's plane in 1994. She was arrested
while on official state business.
The online petitions are calling for the immediate release of Kabuye, they
also attack the French and Germany governments for their collective abuse of
the principle of Universal Jurisdiction.
Some of the petition letters read in part that Kabuye is considered a hero
and a liberator in ending the 1994 Tutsi Genocide that was observed and
supervised by the French.
The letters also express suspicion that the arrest is politically motivated
by the French government and calls upon Rwandans, their friends and
supporters from across the world to protest it.
One of the websites  calls
on Rwandans to see the action of France as another war on them.
Another website,  states that
"upon signing the petition, you are strengthening this effort in gaining
true rights, and strengthening the freedom of a world wide community."
The petitions are expected to be produced and presented to the French
Embassies around the world as a sign of the world communities' intolerance
for justice.
Boycott Novell Protesters Man-handled at National Conference on Free
Software 2008
Here is blow by blow account of trouble that brewed up on the second day of
National Conference on Free Software 2008 in Cochin university. The
activists put up posters against the Novell Corp (the main sponsor of this
event) at the Free Software exhibition complex.
The organisers called up Kochi police and man handled Anivar Aravind a
former student of the Cochin University and a well known free software
Update: Adding few more pictures
These images are captured using mobile phone cameras by Arky and few others
(names withheld for privacy and security concerns).
CUSAT Open Air Auditorium
Earlier in Day
Anivar, Hiran and Unni working on the posters and the handouts for the
Peaceful Protest After the Incident
Pictures of peaceful protest outside the CUSAT Open Air Auditorium after the
man handling incident. Later Joy Job Kulaveli and Sri. Chandramohankumar
Registrar, CUSAT, demanded the protesters to leave the place, (in a very
undemocratic and arrogant manner), and the protesters left peacefully.
Brazil: Flash mob protest against Digital Crimes Bill
Sunday, November 16th, 2008 @ 11:05 UTC
by Paula G?es
Brazilian bloggers and netizens took to the streets of S?o Paulo to protest
against the Digital Crimes Bill, which typifies the cyber-crimes punishable
by law and stipulates penalties accordingly. They claim the law has so many
flaws that, instead of punishing real criminals, it might end up deeming as
crime trivial conduct when surfing the Internet. Proposed by senator Eduardo
Azeredo, the bill has passed through the Senate, has proceeded to the House
of Representatives and has been labeled as urgent, which means that voting
might happen at any time.
Over 50 bloggers, students and netizens participated in the flash mob last
Friday at Avenida Paulista, one of the city's most important avenues and
financial centers. The protest was organized through blogs and mostly
twitter. L?cia Freitas reports:
A postos, mostramos nossos cartazes. algu?m de dentro do ?nibus acena.
Pessoas param nas cal?adas de ambos os lados. Motos e carros buzinam. Ao
comando, viramos para o outro lado (?mpar) da avenida. Os fot?grafos fazem
farra. A gente diz em alto e bom som: N?o!
Put in place, we showed our posters. Someone waves at us from inside a bus.
People stop on both sides of sidewalks. Motorcycles and cars honk their
horns. At the command, we turn to the other side of the avenue.
Photographers enjoy it. We say in loud and clear voices: No!
In fact, due to bad weather and terrible traffic, many people only managed
to get there late. Political Scientist S?rgio Amadeu [pt] says that these
late comers demanded to be part of the protest, so a quick decision was made
for another performance, this time attended by over 100 people:
Bom, como uma manifesta??o auto-organizada ela resolveu se auto-constituir
de novo. A flashmob virou uma refreshmob.
Well, as an auto-organized protest, it decided to reproduce itself again.
The flashmob became a refreshmob.
Photo by Paulo Fehlauer who also has a video showing the protest at Avenida
On the day before, a public hearing was held in Bras?lia and some bloggers
took the time to attend the debate (see a video and twitter reactions). They
had their mouths closed with sellotape to protest against the
over-surveillance on the Internet that the bill may bring if approved.
Daniel Padua [pt] was there and said it had a positive outcome as the case
against was very well laid by both specialists and members of parliament:
A for?a dos argumentos foi uma surpresa pros defensores do projeto, que
acabaram soando rid?culos e despreparados - como no caso do delegado da PF
(alguma coisa Sobral) - que apresentou uma hist?ria na qual a PF tinha os
IPs de suspeitos de pedofilia, mas s? conseguiu prender 1/5 deles pela falta
de um processo jur?dico adequado, e foi questionado pelo deputado Paulo
Teixeira: ?bom, a PF tinha os IPs, n?o? ent?o se voc?s j? conseguem os IPs
das pessoas, porque precisam desse projeto de lei??
The strength of the arguments (against the bill) was a surprise for the
project supporters, who ended up sounding silly and unprepared - as in the
case of a police officer who had a history in which the police had the IPs
of suspected pedophiles, but only managed to arrest 1/5 of them because of
the lack of an appropriate legal process. He was questioned by parliament
member Paulo Teixeira: ?Well, the PF had the IPs, right? So if you already
get people's IPs, what do you need this bill for??.
Marcelo Tr?sel [pt] says that a battle was won but the fight goes ahead. He
unveils whose interests are in fact behind the bill:
Porque no fim das contas ? disso que se trata: os bancos est?o tentando
impor uma legisla??o est?pida para deixarem de assumir a responsabilidade
por tornar seus sistemas de transa??o eletr?nica mais seguros. Afinal,
garantir a seguran?a de dados custa dinheiro. E dinheiro ? o que os bancos
deram, coincidentemente, para a campanha a senador de Azeredo e muitos
outros deputados. Est?o pouco ligando se v?o emperrar o processo cultural ou
o avan?o da inclus?o digital no Brasil.
At the end of the day this is it: banks are trying to impose this stupid law
so that they don't have the responsibility for making their electronic
transaction systems more secure. After all, ensuring data security costs
money. And money is what the banks have, coincidentally, donated to Senator
Azeredo's and many other [politicians] campaigns. They don't care if it will
paralyse the cultural process or the enhancement of digital inclusion in
According to Jo?o Carlos Carib? [pt], this public hearing, virtually the
first open debate about the bill, was made possible through liaising by the
organizers of an online petition [pt] in defense of freedom and progress of
knowledge on the Brazilian Internet. It has been signed by over 121,400
citizens, which is not much, considering Brazil's nearly 200 million
population. Gabriel Sadoco [pt] writes about it at this Saturday's blog
carnival [pt] about politics and says that people should not be so apathetic
regarding this and others issues:
E a esses brasileiros que n?o se incomodam com o que acontece no seu pa?s.
Que preferem assistir as trag?dias do jornal antes da novela das oito e s?
servem pra fazer peso no mundo, acordem para a realidade e comecem a
protestar, porque voc? ainda tem direito a isso. N?o ao vigilantismo.
Privacidade e liberdade pra todo mundo!
For those Brazilians who do not care whatever happens in their country, who
prefer to read the tragedies in the newspaper before the eight o'clock soap
opera and are only good to put weight on the world, wake up to reality and
begin to protest, because you still have the right to do so. Say no to
surveillance. Privacy and freedom for everyone!
M?rio Amaya [pt] has designed the poster that many bloggers have been
carrying with them, which can be downloaded and printed out. He is also the
designer of many of the online banners that have spread on the blogosphere.
Freedom on the Internet
Join the Impact: taking social network activism (and LGBTQ rights) to the
next level
by: jonpincus
Thu Nov 13, 2008 at 23:01:57 PM EST
Kate X Messer's Young gay marriage activist leads national protests on 365
Gay profiles Seattle Amy Balliett, who started up the Join the Impact web
site after a blog post and email by her friend Willow Witte.  Amy's 26, and
her day job is as a search engine optimizer.  It's also an excellent history
of the start of the movement:
By Monday morning, a plan had emerged: Cities around the country would
organize their own efforts to coordinate a synchronized protest for Sat.,
Nov. 15, 10:30 a.m. PST. The movement became officially global with hits
from the UK and France, and by Nov. 11, over one million visitors had come
to the site.
Across the country, posts on Craigslist, bulletins on MySpace, and emails on
ListServs with titles like "Meet at City Hall next weekend!" and "Upset
about Prop 8? Here's what YOU can do about it," began to buzz with notice of
the upcoming national protest.
Nancy Scola's Once a Local Legal Battle, Is Prop 8 On Its Way to 'Net-Fueled
Cultural Moment? on techPresident puts Join the Impact in context: "Its
success is reminiscent of Columbia's anti-FARC movement launched on Facebook
that spawned protests all over the world."  Yeah, really. jonpincus :: Join
the Impact: taking social network activism (and LGBTQ rights) to the next
level I don't mean to slight the other LGBTQ rights activism going on out
there.  Equality Utah's brilliant idea of reaching out to LDS leaders by
taking them at their word and asking them to co-sponsor civil unions in Utah
presents the church with an opportunity.   At the same time the fiasco at
the El Coyote press conference, the sticky situation for Sundance, and the
artistic director of the California's largest musical theater stepping down
in the wake of reaction to his $1000 donation ("He said his sister is a
lesbian in a domestic partnership, which he understands to carry the same
legal rights as marriage") all show the strength of the various boycott
movements.   Still, Join the Impact, with its Wetpaint wiki and social
network focus, is the one that has me most excited.
In Towards a rebirth of freedom: activism on social networks back in July, I
The experiences from Get FISA Right and other social network activism
campaigns are much more broadly applicable.   As Cheryl Contee says, a lot
of people "aren't as concerned about, say, FISA or impeachment. They want
jobs" - or an end to wars and institutionalized violence, voting rights,
affordable food, different commencement speakers, marriage equality ....We
did a fairly good job of taking notes as we were going, and so hopefully
there's a lot for people to build on; still, there's much more to be said.
Indeed.  Observing the incredible organizing skill of the Millennials who
have grown up with these technologies it becomes abundantly clear how we
were just scratching the surface.  My reaction is consistently "wow, that's
kind of how I'd have approached things but they've done it much much better
than I would have."  It starts with their positive and inclusive mission
statement; a brief excerpt:
Our movement seeks to encourage the LGBTQ community not to look towards the
past and place blame, but instead to look forward toward what needs to be
done now to achieve one goal: Full equality for ALL. We stand for reaching
out across all communities. We do not stand for bigotry, for scapegoating,
or using anger as our driving force. Our mission is to encourage our
community to engage our opposition in a conversation about full equality and
to do this with respect, dignity, and an attitude of outreach and education.
Well said.  Then compare-and-contrast Get FISA Right's prototype Fifty-state
strategy and List of Senator-specific Facebook groups with Join the Impact's
main page (with a list of states + DC + International as well as the
navigation on the left), and individual cities -- complete with embedded
Google maps and links to Facebook groups.   Or check out their Twitter
update directing people to a customizable press release template.
To be clear, I'm not dissing our accomplishments with Get FISA Right (GFR);
we prototyped approaches like the 50-state strategy and use of SaysMe.tv,
and GFR and the Voter Suppression Wiki together clearly had a big influence
on Wetpaint wiki activism.  We continue to be used as an example of the
power of social networks by people as diverse as Hillary Clinton's Internet
expert Peter Daou and Music for Democracy founder Bear Kittay, and with
discussions like What shoud Get FISA Right do now? starting up we're about
to test Ari Melber's and my theories about reactivating net movements.  More
on GFR soon.
Still, Join the Impact has taken things to another level, and as we go ahead
on GFR we'll be looking to them for inspiration.  It's not surprising: for
me, and the generally-older crowd that's been involed in Get FISA Right and
the Voter Suppression Wiki, social network sites are with rare exceptions
recently-learned behavior that typically isn't integrated fully into our
lives.  By contrast:
"For me it's second nature," says Balliett of social networking. "It's my
job. I think: Need to organize an event? Use the Internet. Throw a party?
Use Evite. Technology offers a platform on which to hold the conversation.
It's also given a platform for us to rally together and organize."
As I said in email to a couple of folks my age, "I feel old.  But in a good
The Seattle protest's at Volunteer Park this Saturday. Festivities start at
10:30 a.m., the rally and margh begins at noon, and there are speeches at
Westlake Center at 2.  See you there, I hope!  And if you're not in the
Seattle area, check out the wiki.  There's probably a protest near you.
U.S. gay marriage fight takes to the Internet
Wed Nov 12, 2008 4:34pm ES
By Peter Henderson
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The rejection of gay marriage by California voters
has unleashed a hurricane of protest on the Internet, with some supporters
venting their anger and others planning national demonstrations.
Amy Balliett, 26, used her lunch break last Friday to start a website --
 -- to call for coordinated action across the United
States this weekend.
In a few days, more than 1 million people have visited her site and dozens
of marches and meetings are now planned for 1:30 p.m. EST (1830 GMT) on
By the evening jointheimpact.com was created, it was visited 10,000 times.
By Sunday, there were 50,000 visits per hour and the computer running the
site crashed. It has moved computers twice since in an effort to keep up.
"Why do we have to wait for someone to step up and say let's do a protest?"
Balliett remembered thinking after her friend, Willow Witte, posted a blog
about California. "Over email we decided to do it."
California's Supreme Court opened the way to gay marriage in May, putting it
among a handful of states, provinces and European countries that allow
same-sex couples to marry.
But after a $70 million-plus campaign, a measure to ban gay marriage in
California passed in a vote held alongside the U.S. presidential and
congressional elections on November 4, stunning a community that had
expected its first major ballot box win.
Balliett's plan is to create an educational dialogue but others have diverse
goals or are simply speaking out as Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, text
messages, blogs and websites buzz with protest about the vote in California.
Members of the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community say they
were hurt deeply and want to bring their civil rights argument -- that
same-sex couples deserve the same treatment as others -- to a national
"It took the rights being taken away from people to really get across that
it's not a California issue. It's a nationwide issue," said Brandon
Williamson, who was about to start his own protest website when he found
Balliett's and joined forces as publicist.
'IT'S MASSIVE'
Gay marriage is legal in two U.S. states, Massachusetts and Connecticut,
where court-approved same-sex weddings began on Wednesday. But dozens of
states have laws that limit marriage to a man and a woman.
This month's election also saw bans on gay marriage pass in Florida and
Arizona, while Arkansas stopped gay couples from adopting children.
This is not the first time gay marriage proponents or their adversaries have
used technology. Both sides of California's Proposition 8, the gay marriage
ban, used websites and more.
But the ability of the Internet to organize grass-roots movements has been
especially clear since the ban's passage.
Balliett, whose job is publicizing websites through searches, says she has
never seen anything like it. Civil rights campaigners agree.
"It's massive," said Scott Robbe, a gay rights veteran based in Wisconsin,
adding that election campaigns from Howard Dean to Barack Obama had paved
the way for the civil rights movement to use the Internet on a massive
Balliett directs volunteer organizers to start MySpace and Facebook sites
for their own cities but the Internet action is about more than her efforts.
The Facebook group "1,000,000 Million Strong Against Newly Passed Prop 8"
has about 68,000 members, for instance. The group's creators identify
themselves as high school students.
(Editing by John O'Callaghan)
Armenian bloggers protest destruction of Armenian churches in Georgia
27.11.2008 17:59 GMT+04:00
Yerevan today to demand that demolition of the Armenian cultural heritage be
stopped and those guilty be punished.
The protesters were carrying posters of Norashen church and banners reading
?Save Armenian churches in Georgia?, ?Republic of Georgia not Europe still
Asiatic? and a small coffin with an inscription ?The newborn Georgian
democracy. This newborn democracy is dead already? on it.
What is happening to Armenian churches in Georgia is nothing but genocide of
our cultural heritage, according to historian Samvel Karapetyan. A crime has
been committed and those guilty should be punished by the international
court, he said yesterday.
Over 650 Armenian churches are situated in the territory of Georgia, most of
them already appropriated or destructed by the Georgian side.
On November 16, Georgian monk Tariel Sikinchelashvili instructed workers to
raze to the ground the graves of Mikhail and Lidia Tamamshevs.
This barbarian act outraged Armenians, who demanded to let the graves in
their place. However, Father Tariel responded with harsh statements.
Upon arrival of representatives of the Armenian Apostolic Church and
parliament member Van Bayburt, the Georgian monk said he just wanted to
replace the gravestones to ?clean under them.?
Kenya bans mobile phones to stem school riots
Posted Wed Jul 23, 2008 7:43am AEST
The Kenyan Government has banned the use of mobile phones in schools in a
bid to stem a string of deadly riots that have rocked the country.
"I am banning the use of mobile phones by our students in our schools,"
Education Minister Sam Ongeri told parliament.
The ban, which takes effect immediately, comes a day after police charged
dozens of students with arson after weekend riots that left at least one
student dead and several injured.
Officers charged several students on Monday over the burning down of hostels
and other violence that had shut down 20 secondary schools across the
country, said police spokesman Eric Kiraithe.
"We will continue arresting the students for the crimes they commit," said
Mr Kiraithe.
More than 300 secondary schools have gone on strike in Kenya over the past
month, while students have destroyed properties worth millions of shillings
as they protest poor living conditions and bad management.
Mr Ongeri said mobile phones had been used to coordinate the riots, which he
blamed on widespread political incitement and drug abuse.
"We cannot afford careless actions; we cannot afford a carefree attitude. If
we don't have discipline in our schools, life will be chaotic," he told
Protest Leading Fugitive Arrested in Seoul
OCTOBER 20, 2008 08:44
A deputy leader of an online community against President Lee Myung-bak was
arrested yesterday on the charge of leading illegal street demonstrations.
Baek Eun-jong, 55, was apprehended by the Jongno Police Station in Seoul.
?We arrested Baek yesterday," a police spokesman said. "He had been hiding
in the (Buddhist) Jogye Temple for more than 100 days. We will send him to
an arraignment hearing for his involvement in illegal protests.?
To evade police, Baek sought safety at the temple on July 5, along with
fellow fugitives. He ventured out Saturday to join a demonstration at
Cheonggye Plaza and got arrested.
The goal of the street protest, meanwhile, changed from blasting U.S. beef
imports to urging action on the economic downturn. Over the last two months,
they had not held a rally.
A total of 1,100 members of leftist groups held a demonstration at the plaza
Saturday, criticizing the Lee administration for the national economic
crisis. They said recent tax cuts will help only the top one percent of the
income bracket and blasted the police crackdown on protestors as
Authorities said the latest protest was an overture for continuing
demonstrations to topple the administration by highlighting the hobbling
economy. The protesters plan to launch a new organization this coming
South Korea jails man for internet lies during beef protests
23 Oct 2008, 0910 hrs IST, AFP
SEOUL: A South Korean court has jailed a man who spread false Internet
rumours that police raped a demonstrator during protests against US beef
imports, officials said on Thursday.
In the latest legal action against Internet rumour mongers during the
protests, court officials said the man was sentenced to 10 months in prison
plus two years' probation and ordered to perform 160 hours of community
The court said the man used a fake identity to join a website and posted two
articles alleging police had raped one participant in the protests, which
rocked the country a few months ago.
"He was fully aware that his post was untrue, but he even went so far as to
fabricate pictures to support the false argument, posing a great danger to
society," the court said in its judgement.
Internet postings fuelled the mass protests, which began in May after Seoul
lifted a ban on US beef imports. The ban had been imposed in 2003 over fears
the meat was infected with mad cow disease.
The rallies died down after Seoul negotiated extra safety conditions for the
Courts have punished several groups and individuals for breaking the law in
various ways during the sometimes violent rallies. The demonstrations took
on an anti-government flavour and rocked the administration of President Lee
COLOMBIA:      PRINT PAGE
 AUTHORITIES SUPPRESS COVERAGE OF INDIGENOUS PROTESTS
At least one person was killed and more than 130 were wounded during
indigenous demonstrations last week in several departments in Colombia. But
with multiple press freedom violations being committed, you would be
hard-pressed to find out what's going on.
Indigenous community media groups in the department of Cauca complained
recently that several of their websites have been blocked, and a local
community radio station has reported suspicious power outages - at a time
when indigenous communities have been protesting to protect their
fundamental rights, reports the Foundation for Press Freedom (FLIP), IFEX
member in Colombia.
Thousands of indigenous Colombians, mainly in the southwest and northwest,
mobilised last week on a five-point plan. It calls for the reestablishment
of their territorial rights as laid out by the Inter-American Commission on
Human Rights, and rallies against the Colombian free-trade deal with the
U.S., Canada and the EU and the increasing militarisation of the country by
the government and paramilitaries.
As part of the protests, indigenous groups blocked several roads last week,
including the Pan-American Highway, the country's main north-south
thoroughfare, in at least four locations between Colombia's third largest
city, Cali, and the city of Popay?n, 135 kilometres to the south.
But they were met with a repressive response. Violent clashes broke out
between protesters and security officers on 14 and 15 October, when officers
attempted to reopen the highway, allegedly firing into the crowds and
assaulting them with tear gas and hand grenades. According to the National
Indigenous Organisation of Colombia (ONIC), the clashes have resulted in one
death and more than 130 people injured, many gravely.
On the same day, the websites of the Association of Indigenous Councils of
Northern Cauca (ACIN) and the Cauca Regional Indigenous Council (CRIC), two
of the main organisations that have been mobilising through their own media
channels, went out of service, reports FLIP.
CRIC told FLIP that its website was down for more than 12 hours until staff
temporarily transferred it to another server. CRIC said, "It's very
coincidental that the website crashed at exactly the same time that the
demonstrations began." The websites of both CRIC and ACIN have previously
been down during demonstrations.
Several radio stations had their power cut while they were broadcasting
information about the demonstrations. La Libertad radio station, based in
the municipality of Totor?, says power outages are common in the area.
"However, it appears suspicious to us because this has happened several
times when we are broadcasting this type of information," La Libertad said.
Sources in Cauca told FLIP that they believe the obstruction of the
independent media outlets may be aimed at preventing the dissemination of
allegations of excessive use of force by security forces during the
Meanwhile, journalists who have been covering the demonstrations have
expressed concern over their safety. "We are in the line of fire," one
journalist told FLIP.
According to Reporters Without Borders (RSF), foreign journalists have been
stopped and questioned and even expelled for "taking part in political
activities". Julien Dubois, a French journalist planning to document the
protests in Cauca Valley, was detained on 13 October, expelled the next day
and banned from Colombia for five years.
Colombia has a long tradition of community, citizen-based media projects
that consistently present an alternative narrative to the corporate media.
They are linked to a broader network of national, alternative media (such as
Indymedia-Colombia and SICO, among others). But as concluded at
International PEN's recent World Congress in Bogot?, their perspectives are
rarely heard through mainstream channels, which often give an unfiltered
voice to the official authorities.
The mass media have been mainly echoing the government's perspective: that
the protests have been infiltrated by "destabilising forces" - the
Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). The accusations have been
denied by protesters.
"The (?lvaro) Uribe government continues to make the unsubstantiated link in
an attempt to avoid any dialogue with the communities. This fact does not
come through in any of the coverage whatsoever, leaving the audience in a
permanent state of being misinformed," said Mario A. Murillo, a respected
professor at Hofstra University in New York, who has been documenting the
protests on his blog in Colombia.
"The government's claims... have almost become conventional wisdom in the
last few days because of the capacity of the Uribe administration to set the
agenda, present its arguments to domestic journalists with indignation and
authority, and come off as the victim once again," he added.
In some respects, the indigenous groups have defied the odds and have been
successful in gathering support on an international level, and getting other
rights groups to take notice. An open letter demanding an international
mission go to Colombia, addressed to Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper,
has already garnered more than 150 signatures, including some from Canada's
First Nations groups.
In the meantime, at least 12,000 indigenous people started a march from La
Maria, Cauca to Cali on 21 October to continue to pressure President Uribe
to address their concerns. They have vowed to continue marching to Bogot? if
he doesn't show. Despite talks over the weekend with three ministers and the
promise by Uribe to buy land for the indigenous peoples, there was no deal
made between them and the government.
The International Federation for Human Rights (FIDH) recalls that the
protests occur within a general context of grave, systematic and repeated
violations of the rights of indigenous peoples in Colombia. According to
FIDH, in the last month, 29 indigenous persons were killed in the country,
and over the past six years more than 1,240 indigenous persons have been
murdered and at least 53,885 displaced.
Visit these links:
- FLIP: - RSF: - International PEN: - Mario A. Murillo's blog, with "Media Representations of Popular
Mobilizations Ignore the Movement's Message": - Statement by President Uribe (15 October): - FIDH: - ACIN: - CRIC: - ONIC: - Indymedia-Colombia: (Photo: Demonstrators blocking the Pan American Highway last week clashed
with security forces. Luz Edith Cometa/nasaacin.org)
(22 October 2008)
Breaking: Colombia: Indigenous Protests and Murders Under Media Blackout
By Juliana Rinc?n Parra
Oct 23, 2008, 19:48
international SOS to call attention on their plight. They accuse the armed
forces of opening fire with live ammunition during their marches along the
main highways in the country, killing and injuring indigenous protesters.
The government keeps stating that the live fire comes from indigenous
members or confabulated guerrilla infiltrated within the armed forces to
create chaos, and calling these protesters terrorists. The indigenous groups
are marching to ask, among other things, for justice for the thousands of
Indigenous Colombian people murdered in the past years, including community
international SOS to call attention on their plight. On their website,
cric-colombia.org they explain how they have been protesting the human
rights abuses they have been victim of, represented by the murder of one of
their community leaders by hit men and the death threats on other regional
and community leaders and spokespeople. They have requested a public
audience with the Government Officials, and have been protesting since
October 12, demanding the protection of their human rights and making the
government live up to the promises of the signed treaties of the past.
However, it is said that armed government forces,  have shot live ammunition
at the protesters, leaving 2 dead and more than 60 indigenous members
injured. On this blog post on the indigenous community site they show
pictures of the protest and the injuries some have sustained as well as the
list of those injured up to October 14th. On October 15th, the armed forces
opened fire once again on the protesters, killing one and leaving 39
injured. They have also blocked the roads and ambulances can't get in to
help those who are hurt and needing assistance. (Links in Spanish unless
otherwise noted)
They write:
"la fuerza publica entr? disparando con armas de largo alcance y ya hay 3
heridos mas de gravedad. la fuerza militar entro ya al territorio de dialogo
y negociaci?n.
Se solicita de manera urgente que organismos internacionales frenen esta
violencia. tambien a los pueblos inigenas que refuercen el personal que esta
siendo atacado."
The armed forces came in shooting with long range weapons and there are
already 3 other persons seriously injured. The military forces have barged
into the territory of dialogue and negotiation.
We urgently request international organizations to stop this violence. Also
for the indigenous communities to get more people to back those who have
been attacked.
The indigenous community has been sending emails and posting on their
website[es] updates on the situation.
The following video was posted last week by user nasacin, including
cellphone and video camera images from the manifestations, clips showing
shot indigenous community members, a soldier speaking about the differences
between the Mob Control ESMAD and the armed forces, stating that the armed
forces are to keep the peace, and the ESMAD is the one in charge of defusing
violent situations. However, when asked who it is that is shooting with
rifles, the soldier doesn't answer.
Blogger Alejandro Pel?ez last week wrote of how foreign media is reporting
on the indigenous protests, but local media hadn't published anything at
Las noticias son hechos, y para escribir sobre hechos toca salir del
escritorio, entrevistar personas, buscar en archivos, viajar al monte . Las
masacres, por ejemplo, son hechos. Pero en este pa?s los medios cubren este
tipo de hechos con diez a?os de diferencia y ah? ya no son noticia, son
historia. En este momento, como lo cuenta AdamIsacson (s?, un gringo
sentando en Washington D.C.), hay serios disturbios en el Cauca y El Tiempo
ni lo anota. Tal vez presenten una cr?nica complet?sima dentro de diez a?os.
News is facts, and to write about facts you have to get out from behind your
desk, interview people, search the archives, head out into the mountains.
Massacres, for example, are facts. But in this country the media covers this
type of events with a 10 year difference when they are no longer a news
story, but history. In this moment, as Adam Isacson (yes, a gringo sitting
in Washington D.C.) reports, there are serious disturbances in the Cauca,
and El Tiempo doesn't even have a note on it.  Maybe they'll present a full
chronicle of it in ten years. Great.
In Gacetilla Colombiana, a Digg style application for Colombian news,
posters have been linking foreign news as an alternative for those who are
under the ?media blackout? on this event, in particular to a major foreign
news chain's video [en] where a citizen media recording shows what could be
an armed but hooded person dressed in green with a rifle going moving
through the mob squad and shooting at the indigenous protesters as the
members of the mob squad move to let him pass. In the blog ?Lets Change the
World?, Decio Machado posts the email chain sent out by the Indigenous
groups, the means through which most Colombians have found out about the
crisis.  The Selvas.org blog also posts updates on the situation, how
indigenous groups are all marching towards a main city called Cali and
blocking the Panamerican Highway and other roads with 10 000 people,
including cane pickers, farmers women and children.
In the national blogging award winner Tienen Huevo blog,  they write
outraged at the fact that at the same time there is an ethnocide going on in
the streets of Colombia, trying to reach Cali, while a fashion and makeup
expo is taking place, with people more concentrated on clothing and fashion
shows than the indigenous situation.
The government has responded to the accusations of opening fire on the
indigenous protesters by saying that they have orders not to shoot, so it
must've been an inside job, someone infiltrated from the indigenous
communities among the police in order to cause panic and bad feeling.
Bacteria Opina blog has a caricature of the situation where two indigenous
protesters comment that in spite of marching with ?indigenous malice?, a
phrase used to determine  the ability to make do with whatever is doled out
their way, the government is accusing them of being an ?indigenous milicia?.
The government has issued statements saying that these indigenous protests
are infiltrated by guerrillas and are terrorist activities, statements the
indigenous communities refute absolutely on their blog.
These other videos online on YouTube show the indigenous community's past
Breaking: Colombia: Indigenous Protests and Murders Under Media Blackout
By Juliana Rinc?n Parra
Oct 23, 2008, 19:48
international SOS to call attention on their plight. They accuse the armed
forces of opening fire with live ammunition during their marches along the
main highways in the country, killing and injuring indigenous protesters.
The government keeps stating that the live fire comes from indigenous
members or confabulated guerrilla infiltrated within the armed forces to
create chaos, and calling these protesters terrorists. The indigenous groups
are marching to ask, among other things, for justice for the thousands of
Indigenous Colombian people murdered in the past years, including community
international SOS to call attention on their plight. On their website,
cric-colombia.org they explain how they have been protesting the human
rights abuses they have been victim of, represented by the murder of one of
their community leaders by hit men and the death threats on other regional
and community leaders and spokespeople. They have requested a public
audience with the Government Officials, and have been protesting since
October 12, demanding the protection of their human rights and making the
government live up to the promises of the signed treaties of the past.
However, it is said that armed government forces,  have shot live ammunition
at the protesters, leaving 2 dead and more than 60 indigenous members
injured. On this blog post on the indigenous community site they show
pictures of the protest and the injuries some have sustained as well as the
list of those injured up to October 14th. On October 15th, the armed forces
opened fire once again on the protesters, killing one and leaving 39
injured. They have also blocked the roads and ambulances can't get in to
help those who are hurt and needing assistance. (Links in Spanish unless
otherwise noted)
They write:
"la fuerza publica entr? disparando con armas de largo alcance y ya hay 3
heridos mas de gravedad. la fuerza militar entro ya al territorio de dialogo
y negociaci?n.
Se solicita de manera urgente que organismos internacionales frenen esta
violencia. tambien a los pueblos inigenas que refuercen el personal que esta
siendo atacado."
The armed forces came in shooting with long range weapons and there are
already 3 other persons seriously injured. The military forces have barged
into the territory of dialogue and negotiation.
We urgently request international organizations to stop this violence. Also
for the indigenous communities to get more people to back those who have
been attacked.
The indigenous community has been sending emails and posting on their
website[es] updates on the situation.
The following video was posted last week by user nasacin, including
cellphone and video camera images from the manifestations, clips showing
shot indigenous community members, a soldier speaking about the differences
between the Mob Control ESMAD and the armed forces, stating that the armed
forces are to keep the peace, and the ESMAD is the one in charge of defusing
violent situations. However, when asked who it is that is shooting with
rifles, the soldier doesn't answer.
Blogger Alejandro Pel?ez last week wrote of how foreign media is reporting
on the indigenous protests, but local media hadn't published anything at
Las noticias son hechos, y para escribir sobre hechos toca salir del
escritorio, entrevistar personas, buscar en archivos, viajar al monte . Las
masacres, por ejemplo, son hechos. Pero en este pa?s los medios cubren este
tipo de hechos con diez a?os de diferencia y ah? ya no son noticia, son
historia. En este momento, como lo cuenta AdamIsacson (s?, un gringo
sentando en Washington D.C.), hay serios disturbios en el Cauca y El Tiempo
ni lo anota. Tal vez presenten una cr?nica complet?sima dentro de diez a?os.
News is facts, and to write about facts you have to get out from behind your
desk, interview people, search the archives, head out into the mountains.
Massacres, for example, are facts. But in this country the media covers this
type of events with a 10 year difference when they are no longer a news
story, but history. In this moment, as Adam Isacson (yes, a gringo sitting
in Washington D.C.) reports, there are serious disturbances in the Cauca,
and El Tiempo doesn't even have a note on it.  Maybe they'll present a full
chronicle of it in ten years. Great.
In Gacetilla Colombiana, a Digg style application for Colombian news,
posters have been linking foreign news as an alternative for those who are
under the ?media blackout? on this event, in particular to a major foreign
news chain's video [en] where a citizen media recording shows what could be
an armed but hooded person dressed in green with a rifle going moving
through the mob squad and shooting at the indigenous protesters as the
members of the mob squad move to let him pass. In the blog ?Lets Change the
World?, Decio Machado posts the email chain sent out by the Indigenous
groups, the means through which most Colombians have found out about the
crisis.  The Selvas.org blog also posts updates on the situation, how
indigenous groups are all marching towards a main city called Cali and
blocking the Panamerican Highway and other roads with 10 000 people,
including cane pickers, farmers women and children.
In the national blogging award winner Tienen Huevo blog,  they write
outraged at the fact that at the same time there is an ethnocide going on in
the streets of Colombia, trying to reach Cali, while a fashion and makeup
expo is taking place, with people more concentrated on clothing and fashion
shows than the indigenous situation.
The government has responded to the accusations of opening fire on the
indigenous protesters by saying that they have orders not to shoot, so it
must've been an inside job, someone infiltrated from the indigenous
communities among the police in order to cause panic and bad feeling.
Bacteria Opina blog has a caricature of the situation where two indigenous
protesters comment that in spite of marching with ?indigenous malice?, a
phrase used to determine  the ability to make do with whatever is doled out
their way, the government is accusing them of being an ?indigenous milicia?.
The government has issued statements saying that these indigenous protests
are infiltrated by guerrillas and are terrorist activities, statements the
indigenous communities refute absolutely on their blog.
These other videos online on YouTube show the indigenous community's past
Federico Ruiz posts a play-by-play ping-pong match style summary of events
up until Saturday:
los ind?genas decretan un paro, el gobierno lo declara ilegal, los ind?genas
se toman la panamericana, el gobierno manda a una fuerza especial
antimotines de la polic?a para que desbloqueen las carreteras, m?s ind?genas
se suman a las movilizaciones, el procurador de la naci?n dice que va a los
di?logos, el presidente dice que est? muy ocupado para ir a resolver el
problema, los de la polic?a intentan desbloquear la carretera a las malas,
los ind?genas dicen que no se van porque les tienen que arreglar sus
problemas y cumplirles los compromisos que les hab?an hecho hace como 15
a?os y que est?n en ese link que es una ?carta abierta al presidente?, entre
tanto en las protestas matan a un ind?gena y hieren como a 10 seg?n las
informaciones de El Tiempo, pero que en realidad no son 10 sino 90 seg?n lo
dicen los ind?genas, y los de la polic?a dicen que en la manifestaci?n o en
el paro hay infiltrados de la guerrilla, los ind?genas dicen que no, y justo
luego los ind?genas descubren que si hay un infiltrado pero que justamente
es polic?a y que ten?a unos panfletos de las farc y unas armas para
encochinar a los ind?genas, y por si fuera poco, justo llega el defensor
regional del pueblo, o sea un representante del gobierno, y dice que ?la
Fuerza P?blica se ha excedido en el uso de las armas de fuego?.
The indigenous groups decree a strike, the government declares it is
illegal, the indians take the panamerican, the government sends a a special
force of riot police to unblock the highways, more indians join the marches,
the nation's procurer states they are going to dialogue about this, the
president says he is too busy to go solve the problem, the police tries to
unblock the road the ?bad? way, the indians say they are not leaving because
the government has to keep their promise to solve their issues as stated in
a 15 year old treaty, that there is an open letter to the president,
meanwhile in the protest an aboriginal is killed and 10 are injured
according to El Tiempo [ed note. national newspaper], but really they aren't
10 but 90 according to the indigenous organizations, the police state that
in the march and strike there are people infiltrated from the guerrilla, the
indigenous people say there aren't, and just then the indians discober that
there IS someone infiltrated, but that he is from the police force and had
some FARC (Colombian Armed Forces) pamphlets and weapons to incriminate the
natives, and if it weren't enough, the regional defender for the people, a
government representative, comes and says that the ?Armed Forces have
exceeded themselves in the use of fire weapons?.
EDITED to add:
The organization who sent in the recording of the hooded shooter among the
mob squad team have uploaded it online with other images of the protests.
The images of the shooter amongst the mob squad, shooting at protesters
starts at 1:44. They also add images of President Uribe calling military
leaders to ask about the murders of the protesters, to which the military
replied it was a shrapnel wounds from a pipe bomb and wasn't a bullet
injury.The indigenous people are also shown with segments of a handmade
grenade full of metal pieces and ball bearings they claim the armed forces
are using against them.
Update: McCain protests YouTube's removal of his campaign videos
GOP candidate says YouTube acted too quickly to comply with copyright
notices that are 'without merit'
By Heather Havenstein
October 15, 2008 (Computerworld) Republican presidential candidate John
McCain is accusing YouTube LLC of acting too quickly to comply with
copyright infringement notices by yanking his campaign videos.
McCain's campaign sent a letter Monday to YouTube parent company Google
Inc., protesting YouTube's removal of unnamed videos from the site after
receiving take-down notices claiming copyright infringement under the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). The McCain camp goes on to suggest
that YouTube set up a special process for reviewing the legal merit of
take-down requests for YouTube accounts associated with candidates or their
The letter asserts that numerous times during the campaign, YouTube removed
videos that do not violate the DMCA, but instead are examples of fair use of
material because the videos included less than 10 seconds of footage from
news broadcasts. The use of material from news broadcasts is protected as
fair use under the DMCA, McCain's letter claims, because the videos are
noncommercial uses of the material, the material is factual and brief, and
the videos don't affect the market for the allegedly infringed material.
"Overreaching copyright claims have resulted in the removal of noninfringing
campaign videos from YouTube, thus silencing political speech," according to
the letter.
Despite the "complete lack of merit in these copyright claims," YouTube has
removed McCain's campaign videos immediately upon receipt of the take-down
notices, the letter goes on to note.
"It is unfortunate because it deprives the public of the ability to freely
and easily view and discuss the most popular political videos of the day,"
according to the letter. "Nothing in the DMCA requires a host like YouTube
to comply automatically with the take-down notices, while blinding itself
from their legal merit."
The McCain campaign went on to propose that YouTube commit to a full legal
review of all take-down notices on videos posted from accounts controlled by
political campaigns and candidates.
"Surely, the protection of core political speech and the protection of the
central role of YouTube has come to play in the country's political
discourse is worth the small amount of additional legal work our proposal
would require."
In a letter sent yesterday to the McCain campaign, YouTube said that
performing a substantial legal review of every DMCA take-down notice that it
receives is not a "viable solution."
It is not possible because of the scale of YouTube's operations, the letter
said. "Any such review would have to include a determination of whether a
particular use is a 'fair use' under the law, which is a complex and
fact-specific test that requires the subjective balancing of four factors,"
the letter said. "No number of lawyers could determine with a reasonable
level of certainty whether all the videos for which we receive disputed
take-down notices qualify as fair use."
In addition, YouTube does not have the required information about the
content in user-uploaded videos, such as the source of the content and
ownership rights, to make the determination as to whether a take-down notice
includes a valid claim of infringement, YouTube said.
"Moreover, while we agree with you that the U.S. presidential
election-related content is invaluable and worthy of the highest level of
protection, there is a lot of other content on our global site that our
users around the world find to be equally important, including by way of
example only political campaigns from around the globe at all levels of
government, human rights movements and other important voices. We try to be
careful not to favor one category of content on our site over others."
Mike Masnick, president and CEO of IT research firm Techdirt, noted that it
is rare to see politicians delving into the fair use issue.
"This is impressive and somewhat unexpected," he noted in a blog post. "It's
certainly not an issue you'd expect to see raised by a presidential
candidate (of either party). I'm sure the McCain campaign recognizes that
YouTube is completely within its legal rights to automatically pull down the
content, but in sending this letter the campaign is suggesting that,
specific to videos put up by either political campaign (the letter cc's the
Obama campaign), that YouTube take into account fair use."
He further noted that the real issue has nothing to do with Google or
YouTube, but in the way the DMCA itself is structured.
"Since it provides clear safe harbor for a recipient of a take-down notice
if they take down the content, it's a reasonable business decision to simply
take down the content and then follow the proper procedures for letting the
uploader file a response notice," Masnick wrote. "While it certainly would
be nice for YouTube to take into account fair use before deciding whether or
not to pull down the content, the real problem is with the law itself, and
the incentives it puts in place for any recipient of such a letter."
He suggested that McCain or Democratic candidate Barack Obama push to have
the legislation changed so that DMCA explicitly notes that recipients of
take-down notices can keep their protection under fair use if they refuse to
take down content because they believe the content in question is a fair use
of the material.
The DMCA has taken center stage in the $1 billion copyright infringement
lawsuit filed against Google by Viacom last year alleging that YouTube
violates Viacom's copyrights by showing unauthorized video clips.
President Bush signed into law yesterday a bill aimed at bolstering
protection of intellectual property like software, films and music by
raising penalties for infringement and creating a national "IP czar."
Taiwan: An online protest against the American Institute in Taiwan
Thursday, October 16th, 2008 @ 08:26 UTC
In September, Taiwanese artist Chen Chieh-jen started a website against the
American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) called, ?I suspect that you intend to
stow away to the U.S.?.
When he was invited to attend New Orleans Biennial, he went to the AIT to
apply for a U.S. non-immigrant visa (business/tourist visa) at 12:45pm on
September 23, 2008. When he delivered his application documents, he was told
that there was an error in his document. He asked what the error was, but
the officer yelled at him arrogantly, ?Come here! Do you want to argue with
me? I suspect that you intend to stow away to the U.S.?
After the accident, he left the AIT and claimed,
I surely reject this kind of humiliation, and I will never apply for a U.S.
visa again.
Moreover, he invited others to share their experience if they faced a
similar situation. He said,
I believe this world will be changed slowly, little by little. I sincerely
invited people who have has a similar experience, either your own experience
or your friends' experience or what you have seen, to write down your
testimony in this blog. These gathered experiences may help us think: why
are we treated this way? What can we do to change the situation?
There are many people leaving message in his blog supporting his protest.
?usa ng? is one of them.
I am curious about why some people think it is reasonable to use abusive
language and attitude toward a visa applicant when his or her document has
some errors.
?Anonymous? thought U.S. government needs to clarify what these official are
empowered to do,
The U.S. government empowered these officials to suspect applicants as to
whether they intend to stow away to the U.S. However, these officials are
not empowered to humiliate visa applicants. These officials have power to
reject an application, but they should not use abusive language.
In his blog, some people shared their sad stories about the consequences of
their failures applying for U.S. visas. ?Juliet? talked about what the AIT
official said when her visa application was rejected before her grandpa in
the U.S. died.
???????? ??????3???????, ?????????. ????????????????????? ?????????.
?????????, ??????????. ?????????: Then you can ask airline company to send
your grandfather back ? ??????????: You're heartless (?????) ???. 3????????,
My grandpa in the U.S. was about to die? the official spent three minutes
reading my document but returned it. I spoke in ?English? and told the
official this relative of mine was a ?U.S. citizen,? and what he hoped was
to see me again. I have a job in Taiwan, and I do not plan to be homeless.
The official said, ?Then you can ask the airline company to send your
grandfather back.?? I told him without any emotion, ?You're heartless,? and
left. Three days later, my grandpa died, and I had not seen him since 1997.
?Luka's? mother did not get a visa to attend her wedding ceremony in the
U.S., and ?Luka? does not think AIT's reasons for rejecting her mother's
application are convincing.
?????????. ????,??????????????????AIT??????,??????????????, ????????????,
????????,?????????????,????????. AIT???????????, ???????????,??????,
???!?????????????????????AIT, ????????????????AIT???????,??????????????,
???, ????????(Tie), ??????. ??AIT??????????????????, ??, ????????????,
???????, ???, ????, ???????. ???, ????????????????????
I just got married to a U.S. citizen. In the past year, I helped my mother
apply for a tourist visa three times? but her application was rejected
mercilessly. For the first time, AIT suspected that I would stow away and
rejected my application. My mother's application was rejected too without
asking her any questions? For the third time, my mother brought my marriage
certificate issued by U.S. government to prove that I am staying in the U.S.
legally. However, within three minutes, AIT said, ?you have a record of
being rejected, so I cannot issue you a visa. Next!?? My husband, a U.S.
citizen, asked a senator to send a letter to AIT inquiring what we could do
to let my mother come to the U.S? AIT replied to the senator and said my
mother could not provide enough social, economic, and family ties with
Taiwan, so they could not issue her a visa. However, AIT ignored that my
mother had other sons, daughters, and grandchildren in Taiwan? Based on
their understanding, a single woman whose husband has died, without a job,
and without impressive savings equals ?having intention to stow away to the
U.S.? As a result, last Saturday we had our wedding ceremony without my
Some stories are less sad but full of angry. ?Akemi? criticized that AIT
officials misuse their power.
This official told me that if I did not tell him I will start to work, he
will not let me pass?As a result, I was threatened by a stranger and made a
claim in front of a group of strangers such as, ?ok, I will try to find a
job soon,? in order to get my U.S. visa.
?Anonymous? tried to analyze why applicants have so much psychological
stress when going to AIT.
???????,??????????????4-5%,????????????????????????????,? ???????refusal
rate???,???????????????? ?????????????????????????,??????,???????
Data presented by the U.S. government shows that the refusal rate of
Taiwanese applicants is 4-5%. However, there are so many people afraid that
their application will be rejected or who are angry with the process. These
complaints indicate that it is not only about the refusal rate, it is about
whether applicants are treated reasonably, and if there is an acceptable
standard for accepting or rejecting applications instead of the officials'
objective and emotional judgment.
On the other hand, some people, including ?anonymous?, reflected on how the
Taiwanese government issues visas for foreigners.
In addition to the difficulties and privacy issues faced by many foreign
spouses of Taiwanese in the media? (In Vietnam,) it takes locals several
days to take buses to downtown, and then they need to line up for several
days outside the embassy. After they enter the embassy, they are also
interrogated and may not get their visa if they only try once. If we think
about this, what our government does to foreigners is similar to what the
U.S. government does to us.
Woman changes name to URL to protest
10:03 AM CDT on Tuesday, October 14, 2008
ASHEVILLE, N.C. (AP) -- You can call her CutoutDissection.com, Cutout for
short, but just don't call her Jennifer.
The former Jennifer Thornburg -- whose driver's license now reads
Dissection.com, Cutout -- wanted to do something to protest animal
dissections in schools.
The 19-year-old's new name is also the Web address for an anti-dissection
page of the site for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, where she
is interning.
"I normally do have to repeat my name several times when I am introducing
myself to someone new," she told The Asheville Citizen-Times. "Once they
find out what my name is, they want to know more about what the Web site is
The Asheville High School graduate who's working in Virginia said she began
opposing dissections in middle school after a class assignment to cut up a
chicken wing made her uncomfortable. She helped create a policy at her high
school that allows students who object to dissections to complete an
alternative assignment.
Despite her legally changing the name, she said most of her family members
still call her Jennifer.
"It will take me a while," said her dad, Duane Thornburg, who lives in
Daytona Beach, Fla. "She's still Jennifer to me. I understand why she's done
it. Believe it or not, I totally respect it."
A CD showing the treatment of animals before they are dissected finally
convinced him to support his daughter's cause, he said.
Terrorists benefit from US wiretaps?
Friday, February 1st, 2008
Top US computer security experts believe terrorists can derive huge benefits
from the Bush administration?s domestic wiretapping program.
The six experts warned that the US domestic spying program houses vital
information in data centers which can be penetrated, putting national
security at risk.
By diverting the flow of so much domestic data into a few massive pools, the
administration may have ?[built] for its opponents something that would be
too expensive for them to build for themselves,? said the IT gurus.
?A system that lets them see the US? intelligence interests?[and] that might
be turned to exploit conversations and information useful for plotting an
attack on the United States,? they explained.
The top security experts say although the top secret data is buried in
?secure? rooms within the US National Security Agency?s highly classified
facilities, Washington?s past security breaches indicate that this system
could also be penetrated.
They also add that the FBI?s poorly-designed surveillance technology relies
on a ?primitive? system which creates a ?real risk? of an insider attack.
Months after the September 11 attacks, President George W. Bush secretly
authorized warrantless eavesdropping by the National Security Agency;
Washington claimed it to be a ?vital weapon against terrorism?.
This entry was posted on Friday, February 1st, 2008 at 7:31 pm and is filed
under Surveillance, Civil Liberties & Human Rights News . You can follow any
responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response,
or trackback from your own site.
Pandora: Bondage protest set to spice up the Commons
By Henry Deedes
Tuesday, 21 October 2008
The photographer Ben Westwood's campaign against the Home Secretary, Jacqui
Smith, is stepping up a notch.
Two months ago, I reported that Westwood, the son of the fashion doyenne
Dame Vivienne, was planning a protest against the Government's Criminal
Justice and Immigration Act 2008, which will come into force in the new
Part of the Act will outlaw anything which might be considered "extreme
pornography". This means that a Westwood book of erotic photographs will
become illegal as of 1 January 2009, and anyone caught in possession of the
work could theoretically receive a three-year jail sentence.
Today, Westwood, above, will begin his protest against the Bill with the
help of a "chain gang" of models and activists from the Consenting Adult
Action Network (CAAN) in what promises to be a lively demonstration. The
models will be "bound and gagged" and dragged through the streets of central
The festivities will kick off at noon at Westminster Tube station, in full
view of the House of Commons.
Police have apparently already been in touch with the organisers to ensure
that Westwood is planning a peaceful protest. Meanwhile, the photographer
says he is making an important stand for human rights. "The Government gets
away with murder when it comes to legislating about our sexual behaviour
because we are a strait-laced nation," he says. "Far too many of us are
embarrassed talking about sex."
The consultation stated "it is possible that such material may encourage or
reinforce interest in violent and aberrant sexual activity to the detriment
of society as a whole" but also that they do not have "sufficient evidence
from which to draw any definite conclusions as to the likely long term
impact of this kind of material" and that there was an "absence of
conclusive research results as to its possible negative effects".
The consultation cited the case of Graham Coutts who killed Jane Longhurst,
suggesting a link between violent pornography and the murder. Coutts had
previously accessed websites that offered such pornography, although he had
been practicing erotic asphyxia for five years before exposure to such
material, and had told psychiatrists in 1991 that he feared his thoughts may
lead to criminal behaviour.[13]
The Government also wishes to criminalize possession of the material in
order to attempt to reduce the risk of children coming into contact with it.
The consultation cited a study which reported "57% of all 9-19 year olds
surveyed who use the Internet at least once a week had come into contact
with pornography online", but it did not distinguish between different forms
of pornography, and the government has no plans to criminalize all
pornography for the same reason.
In discussing the 2006 quashing of the conviction of Coutts, Jane
Longhurst's purported killer, a barrister supporting the backlash stance
observed [14] observed:
"Lord Hutton's judgment points out that Coutts had engaged in breath play
sexual games with previous partners years before he started to use internet
porn. The Judge commented that if the same Defendant guilty of the same
conduct been tried before the same jury, but without the evidence that he
used internet porn, the jury would have been very likely to accept that he
did not intend to kill. It is hard to escape the conclusion that the Judge
thought the evidence that Coutts used porn prejudiced the jury and led to
unfounded assumptions about Coutt's intent. What this judgment shows is that
the obsession with criminalizing the users of porn will further prejudice
juries and lead to miscarriages of justice."
In September 2007 the Government published a Rapid Evidence Assessment by
Catherine Itzin, Ann Taket and Liz Kelly, investigating "the evidence of
harm relating to exposure to extreme pornographic material".[15] This was
criticised in a statement signed by over forty academics as being "extremely
poor, based on contested findings and accumulated results. It is one-sided
and simply ignores the considerable research tradition into "extreme" (be
they violent or sexually explicit) materials within the UK's Humanities and
Social Sciences." [16]
Protesters call for release of contempt prisoner
Monday, 20 October 2008
Supporters of an Auckland-based American businessman jailed after failing to
remove material from his website are staging a protest outside Mt Eden
prison this afternoon.
Vince Siemer is serving a six month jail term for contempt of court after
failing to remove the material relating to Auckland accountant Michael
Siemer's supporters say he was jailed unlawfully on an unproven allegation
of defamation.
The protest calling for his release is planned for 3.30pm.
Siemer had filed court action in order to be released from jail until he
appeals the sentence later this month, but the Supreme Court dismissed his
application on Friday.
- NZPA
Effective use of internet blogs
Another remarkable feature of this case has been the effective publicity
work carried out by union members and ? in particular ? an ?advisor? (guwen)
to the union, Mr. Zhang Jun, the husband of fired union activist Liu
Meizhen. Zhang Jun has used an internet blog to accumulate and distribute an
impressive collection of documents in support of the OWYTU struggle.
As the Shangdong Evening Press article (available for download above) points
out, Mr Zhang Jun himself has played a unique role in this struggle. We have
never before heard of an ?advisor? representing a Chinese trade union in
negotiations with management and with upper levels of the ACFTU. In this
very complicated case, the Fushan District Trade Union has behaved
ambivalently in relation to Zhang. The district union recognizes Zhang as a
negotiating partner, but at the same time tries hard to publicly discredit
him. Zhang does enjoy some support from the national ACFTU, and this surely
influences the local Fushan union?s treatment of him. Given Zhang?s novel
role in this saga, it is worth wondering whether in future this might be a
way of involving actors from outside the ACFTU and the government in trade
union negotiations.
At the time when this posting is uploaded the struggle is still continuing.
Candlelight 2008: New Media and Korea's Protests
OhmyNews Forum examines the latest role taken on by online communities here
Ida Grandas (jezaky)
 Email Article   Print Article
    Published 2008-06-28 16:23 (KST)
 The 4th OhmyNews Forum was held at Seoul's Digital Media City, June 27.
?2008 OhmyNews Nam S.Y.
When the candlelight vigils started in Seoul in May, it was not flags of
labour unions that were seen at the front lines, but the flags of the
Internet community Agora. It was not the big newspaper and broadcasting
companies that people turned to to get information about what was going on,
but to webcasts, blogs, and Internet communities.
On Friday, citizen reporters, "broadcasting jockeys", members of Internet
communities and bloggers gathered at the OhmyNews' fourth International
Citizens Reporters' Forum held in Nurtikum Business Tower in Seoul. Under
the theme "Candlelight 2008," they discussed how the candlelight vigils are
changing the media leadership in Korea. The forum was broadcast live over
the Internet, and netizens could participate through an online forum.
Before the candle light vigils, Afreeca, a popular Korean web-portal for
web-casting, and Agora, was mainly used for entertainment. People published
videos for fun and discussed topics as food, celebrities and music. But
during the last two months, Afreeca have become the main platform for
webcasting the protests and the members of Agora has been organizing
themselves to participate in the protests.
Furthermore, the number of visitors to citizen journalist sites such as
Afreeca and OhmyNews have been steadily increasing. On the days of the
largest protests, OhmyNews even reached up to the same numbers of visitors
as the big newspapers in Korea.
Many panelists in the forum pointed out that the vigils have changed the
definition of what is news and who is a reporter. With simple equipment,
such as a camera and notebook, anyone can blog and broadcast.
"I am not a professional journalist. I don't want to become one either,"
said Na Dong-hyuk, a broadcasting jockey for RK paradigm. When the candle
light vigils started, Na observed how media was only scratching on the
surface of the events. He felt that there was a need to show more and
started a webcast diary. Many times, he found himself present when no other
media was present.
Jin Joong-kwon, professor at Joong'ang University, and broadcasting jockey
of live webcasts from New Progressive Party, was observing how people who
were are passive views of the webcasts turned into active participants of
the protests.
"The low resolution made people feeling closer to what was happening," he
said, "It stimulated people's feelings."
Online communities have played a similar role. Kwak Min-jung, member of
Internet Beauty Cafe, felt that she had to take a stand after she had
followed the discussion of her community.
"Before, I've never participated in any demonstration. I was never
interested in social issues," she said. "Now, I don't go home for days, I
sleep in the streets, I don't wash."
Participation of online communities, webcasting, and blogs are creating a
more bottom-up culture, making people active instead of only following
leaders. As a result, the leadership of media is changing. Instead of
waiting for the traditional media to change, people are taking things in
their own hands.
The webcasting during the candle light vigils have also affected traditional
media. Ko Jae-yul, reporter at the weekly magazine SisaIN, explained how the
young reporters of his magazine wanted to start webcasting, too. First, the
idea seemed not in line with the fact that SinsaIN is a weekly magazine. But
once they started webcasting, the visits of their web page increased and
they met many of their readers who had positive comments in the streets.
"The competition between the netizens and the news can lead to an
improvement of democracy in Korea," Oh Yeon-ho, founder and CEO of OhmyNews,
said. He pointed at that new media shouldn't replace old media, but instead,
they should borrow from each other.
"The candlelight republic is changing the way of participating," said Oh.
Protest Against Software Patents - Candle Light Vigil at Bangalore
Aug 25, 2008, 00 :02 UTC (0 Talkback[s]) (2318 reads)
(Other stories by Sandip Bhattacharya)
"The issue was to send out a message against vested interests in the
government and industry who are clandestinely trying to legalise software
patents in India even after existing legislation disallowed it."
Norwegians leave their Standards Body in protest
zoobab 1 Oct 2008, 22:57 +0100
13 members of the TC in Norway has left their Standards Body in protest.
They say that the Standards Body has lost its credibility in the IT area.
Remember that Standards Norway was voting Yes with the support of only 2
companies (Microsoft and Statoil), and against the will of the rest of the
technical committee (read our previous article "Norway: 21 "No", 2 "Yes" and
Microsoft still gets its way?"). Here is also a list of irregularities of
the broken Norwegian process.
Saudi residents set up web protest over $6.5mn plan
by Andy Sambidge on Tuesday, 02 September 2008
CITY PROTEST: Residents in Jeddah are fuming over plans to redevelop their
districts. (Getty Images)
Residents in a district of Jeddah have created a web forum to voice
complaints about a series of new developments that they fear could leave
them out of pocket.
People in the city's Al-Nuzlah district fear the projects valued at SR25
million will force them to sell their properties for what they claim is
inadequate compensation.
The Jeddah Municipality has signed a contract with the Jeddah Development
and Urban Recreation Company to develop several districts in the southern
parts of the city, including Khuzam area, Al-Nuzlah, Al-Sabeel and
Al-Qurayyat districts.
Now, residents have set up the forum -  - which talks about a
?war against the municipality?, according to Arab News on Tuesday.
Locals filed a complaint with the Municipal Council on Monday demanding more
information about the details of the plan and what alternative housing
options will be provided, if any, to the displaced residents.
Because many of the residents lack the deeds of the land that their houses
are built on, compensation would be for an amount based on the equity of the
land, but excluding the value of the land itself.
Archive for Tuesday, September 02, 2008
Mexicans add modern tool to ancient art of protest: Facebook
Online hub of protests still has limited reach
By Oscar Avila
September 02, 2008
MEXICO CITY -
The protest is an art form in Mexico. Load up a bus by offering a meal or a
few pesos as an incentive, arm the troops with signs and bullhorns, and find
a strategic plaza or street for maximum attention or disruption.
But with outrage bubbling after the kidnapping and murder of a teenage boy,
a 27-year-old teacher has found a new way to rally Mexicans, a modern tool
known here by its English name: Facebook.
On a whim, America Aleman organized an anti-crime march on her Facebook
page, the same one she uses to send party invitations to her 1,000
?friends.? In just two weeks, her event page added tens of thousands of
supporters on the social-networking site, and Aleman became a regular on
Mexico?s largest media outlets.
The Mexico City power brokers behind a competing march were so impressed by
Aleman?s cyber-organizing that they asked to combine efforts and installed
her on the steering committee for a candlelight march Saturday that drew
more than 100,000 in Mexico City.
Although only a fraction joined via Facebook, Aleman?s efforts show how
similar sites such as MySpace can hold sway in developing democracies.
Earlier this year, those sites fueled ?One Million Voices Against the FARC,?
a series of marches against the leftist Colombian rebel group.
But some scholars worry that the Internet, rather than promoting democracy,
can end up placing power in the hands of elites with online access. The
majority of Latin Americans would find themselves shut out.
Only about 1 in 10 Mexican households, for example, has Internet access
compared with about 55 percent of households in the United States, according
to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and the U.S.
Census Bureau.
But in Mexico City, Aleman said she was moved to act after 14-year-old
Fernando Marti, the son of a retail magnate, was abducted on his way to
school. Marti?s body was found weeks later, stuffed in a car?s trunk.
Much of the initial grief came from other young Mexicans, posting videos on
YouTube and sending messages through Hi5, a Web site popular in Latin
Armed with her pink Apple laptop, Aleman told her Facebook friends: We have
to do something. Aleman, who had once been assaulted at gunpoint, created a
page touting a nationwide mobilization planned for this Sunday.
With Facebook, users get word when their ?friends? join an organization or
plan to attend an event. If they are curious, they can access the event page
and sign up themselves. With one click, they can spread the message to their
own contacts.
Informality is a key
Aleman?s march eventually merged with this past Saturday?s event, but the
Facebook page became a multimedia forum for dialogue. Participants have
posted videos, photos and news articles, including one showing that Mexico
is the most vulnerable nation for kidnapping.
?That is unacceptable,? one participant lamented.
The news is supplemented by Aleman?s e-mails to participants, in which she
urges them to attend. ?Porfa,? she says, a casual way of saying por favor,
or please.
?I don?t want to get this message out in the ?formal? way. We want to do in
the way we young people talk, the slang, etc. That way, it comes off as
real,? she said. ?We need to get the youth to be part of it because we are
the most cynical of all Mexicans.?
But the Internet mobilization has reinforced the undertones of class behind
the march, which specifically responds to a spike in kidnappings in Mexico
City. Those kidnappings often target rich Mexicans who can afford to pay
?We have poor women dying in [the border city of] Ciudad Juarez, but we
don?t see national protests for them,? said Arturo Alvarado, a sociologist
at the College of Mexico who specializes in security and democratic
development. ?This protest, and this issue, originates from the middle class
and bourgeois, the ones affected by kidnappings.?
Luis Gomez, a political scientist at the National Autonomous University of
Mexico, added: ?Every individual, in terms of human rights, has the same
value. Nevertheless, in this country we are used to seeing more pressure
when this happens to an elite.?
And then there is the question of whether Internet protests are an
empowering tool or yet another way to exclude those Latin Americans. For
every Mexican contemplating an iPhone purchase, like Aleman, many more are
trying to find their next meal.
In Venezuela, for example, President Hugo Chavez played the class card when
university students organized a series of protests, relying heavily on chat
rooms and text messages. They were nothing but spoiled little rich kids, he
Internet as complement
But in Colombia, blogger Juliana Rincon said Facebook played an empowering
role in the anti-FARC effort because opponents of the rebel group were given
space to debate the issue and post links defending their positions. The
movement also gained strength as it added support from abroad, including a
simultaneous protest in downtown Chicago.
Still, Rincon was realistic about the potential and limitations of the
?I?m not sure how ?democratic? it really was,? Rincon said by phone from the
Colombian city of Medellin. ?Yes, anyone can register their opinion but, for
someone living in the countryside, they generally don?t have the tools or
knowledge to fully participate.?
Aleman defended Facebook organizing and said Internet cafes were making the
messages more accessible to the general public. She said the Internet can
complement the activists who are passing out fliers at subway stations.
?I thought if I could go out there to protest, with one more person, that it
would be fine,? Aleman said. ?Thankfully, that ?one other person? has become
thousands more.?
 oavila at tribune.com
Backlash against ISP ad tracking for profit
Anick Jesdanun, Associated Press
Monday, September 1, 2008
(09-01) 04:00 PST New York -- It sounded like a winning proposition - free
money - for Internet access providers. By tracking their subscribers'
personal Web surfing habits, they could help deliver ads targeted to the
consumers' interests, and claim a share of the burgeoning online advertising
market dominated by Internet search companies.
But those efforts to sniff out consumers' interests are running into the
A slow-building privacy storm moved in on NebuAd Inc., the Redwood City
startup that can facilitate the Web tracking. And its potential partners,
the Internet service providers, failed to make the case that they should be
in the ad business at all, rather than simply being the pipes that pass
Internet traffic back and forth.
One by one, cable and telephone companies that had conducted trials using
NebuAd's ad-serving system have indefinitely suspended expansion plans. In
interviews, executives at the Internet access providers blamed an
unfavorable climate as Congress considers tightening federal oversight.
"A bunch of them have dropped (NebuAd) like hot potatoes," said Gigi Sohn,
president of the advocacy group Public Knowledge.
Annmarie Sartor, a spokeswoman for broadband provider CenturyTel Inc., said
the company was ready to proceed until "Congress started questioning
"We were going to launch this summer," she said. "The trial, from our
viewpoint, was successful."
Bresnan Communications LLC, the Washington Post Co.'s Cable One Inc. and
Knology Inc. also have ended trials without immediate plans to move forward,
joining the previously disclosed suspensions by Embarq Corp. and
WideOpenWest. Charter Communications Inc. dropped plans for a summer pilot
because of the scrutiny.
Although NebuAd claimed late last year that Internet providers representing
millions of customers run NebuAd's system, it's unclear how many, if any,
partners remain.
NebuAd, whose chief executive, Bob Dykes, spoke freely with the Associated
Press about its plans several months ago, declined to comment for this
story. Spokeswoman Janet McGraw said via e-mail, "We do not have any
specific business updates at this point."
The system works with Internet service providers to scan customers' Web
traffic for patterns. Then NebuAd determines which advertisements are likely
to interest those customers.
The thinking is that Internet users are more likely to pay attention and
find advertising less annoying if the pitches are relevant to them. For
Internet service providers, the rise of NebuAd means they could share in ad
revenue now going mostly to the networks of Web sites affiliated with Google
Inc., Yahoo Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc.'s AOL.
Yet questions have emerged about how well its partner Internet service
providers are informing subscribers and getting their consent, and whether
the ISPs need permission from Web sites as well.
Complaints about NebuAd largely failed to get much attention until Charter,
the nation's fourth-largest cable access provider, began notifying customers
of its planned trial. A House subcommittee took notice and held a hearing in
mid-July, after a similar one in the Senate.
Malaysia bans anti-government website
11:11PM Friday August 29, 2008
Source: Reuters
Malaysia has pulled the plug on a popular news portal often critical of the
government, sparking protests from a resurgent opposition.
Malaysia's telecoms watchdog ordered internet providers to block access to
Malaysia Today ( website because it posted comments
that could incite the country's multi-racial society, a government official
said on Friday.
Home (Interior) Minister Syed Hamid said Malaysia Today's editor Raja Petra
Kamaruddin had ignored warnings from the watchdog to abide by the law.
"We do not intend to curtail people's freedom or right to express
themselves. Everyone is subjected to the law, even websites and blogs," the
Star newspaper on Friday quoted him as saying.
It is believed to be the first time such curbs have been used against a
non-pornographic website. Malaysians have been flocking to the Internet for
independent news as an alternative to tightly controlled mainstream media.
The ruling came as Anwar Ibrahim was sworn in on Thursday as a member of
parliament and took his seat as the new opposition leader.
His return following an enforced 10-year absence could curtail the
government's ability to form policy as well as step up confrontations
between the government and the opposition.
The opposition derided the website ban as another example of power abuse by
Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi's government.
It also ran contrary to the government's pledge to keep cyberspace
uncensored, said Lim Kit Siang, leader of the Democratic Action Party, part
of Anwar's opposition alliance.
"This is merely the first step in a comprehensive and reprehensible attempt
to curb the access of conscientious Malaysians to the Internet," Anwar's
Parti Keadilan Rakyat said.
Raja Petra said the move came as a surprise to him.
"I didn't think that they would go ahead because their own charter
guarantees no-censorship," he said. "This is the first time they officially
blocked my website."
Raja Petra has drawn a huge fan base as well as lawsuits for publishing
articles and sensitive documents on his website.
Last week, police raided his house and seized a laptop, a scanner and some
documents, domestic media said.
The website was not available in Malaysia on Friday, but a message directed
readers to a mirrored site ( which could
be accessed.
Newspapers cry foul over Yahoo-Google ad deal
Monday, September 15, 2008
(09-15) 06:27 PDT PARIS, France (AP) --
The World Association of Newspapers says it opposes a pending deal on
advertising between Yahoo Inc. and Google Inc. The Paris-based group wants
European and U.S. regulators to block the deal on antitrust grounds.
WAN says the agreement would reduce the cost of paid search advertising and
lower revenues for newspapers' and others' Web sites, which receive payment
from the online giants.
WAN says it fears the deal would give Google "unwarranted" market power in
parts of the online ad business. Yahoo expects the deal to generate $800
million in annual revenue.
Yahoo and Google say the deal only affects North America, but WAN alleged
Monday that European newspapers would be affected.
The U.S. Justice Department is investigating the deal.
As Facebook rolls out new redesign, 2.5 million users are already protesting
Eric Eldon | September 10th, 2008
 Facebook?s new design will begin to fully replace the old one today,
although its not clear which users will be forced to use it, first. Until
now, users could opt to use the old design, instead.
The company says that nearly a third of its 100 million monthly active users
have already joined the new profile. Meanwhile, a series of protests groups
have sprung up. The three largest ones that I?ve seen total 2.5 [Since I
published a couple hours ago, the number has risen to 2.7] million users.
You can check them out here, here and here.
What?s more, application developers are complaining because Facebook has
taken away a ?recently used applications? feature from the new site.
Instead, users have to manually create their own set of bookmarked
applications (see screenshot). More than 95 percent of users have installed
applications ? and many love them. So its weird to see Facebook making
another move that potentially makes it harder for applications to be found.
The redesign has already placed all applications into a ?box? tab within the
user profile page, whereas applications lived within the profile page on the
old design.
[Update: On the developer front, Facebook has just introduced a new part of
its interface where users can see the icons for applications in the lower
left-hand side. It's not done redesigning the new site, it says.]
While I?ve personally really liked the new profile ? it helps me find
interesting information faster, as it intends to do ? I?ve also been
concerned that this is not what most people care about. Most people seem to
care about looking at profile pages, playing with apps, etc. As I wrote in
June: ?Is Facebook?s redesign aimed at Silicon Valley, not everywhere else??
Facebook realizes that its long-term value lies in becoming an engaging
social platform, because users will keep coming back to engage with
applications and content. But that means Facebook actually has to observe
and respond to what users want, versus its current modus operandi of telling
them what they want. Facebook needs to facilitate development, heed
user-feedback, and launch features based on that. That?s what Google does
algorithmically with its search results, and after all, Facebook did at one
point want to be the ?next Google.?
But in spite of that aspiration, it seems that sometimes Facebook pays more
attention to its publicity than user data, which is ironic since in doing so
it is actually generating a lot of bad press.
This is illustrated with Great Apps, a status it bestows on its favorite
third party applications. Facebook is treating the Platform as a publicity
opportunity, highlighted with selecting Great Apps, which by and large
exclude many of the most popular applications on the Platform. Popular
applications are a reflection of what users want. Great Apps is just PR.
In sum, Facebook is once again betting that it knows best. That worked with
the news feeds, which also saw massive protests when introduced in 2006.
Betting big didn?t work with Beacon, though, an advertising feature that
showed you what your friends were doing on other sites. After a loud,
press-driven outcry, Facebook pulled back on the feature without even
rolling it all the way out.
The rise of Facebook activism
Last Updated: Tuesday, September 9, 2008 | 11:14 AM ET Comments46Recommend80
By Paul Jay, CBC News
 More than 90,000 members have joined a Facebook group protesting the
federal government's copyright bill since it was started in December.
(Associated Press)
Copyright reform must have seemed an unlikely hot-button issue in the winter
of 2007 ? that is, until 50 protesters arrived at Industry Minister Jim
Prentice's constituency office in Calgary in December.
They were there to voice their complaints about the government's plans to
introduce a bill that would, among other changes, allow copyright holders to
place digital locks on content, thus preventing copies from being made.
The small protest got a huge boost when, in a matter of days, 20,000 people
joined a group protesting the rumoured legislation on the popular social
networking website Facebook.
In part because of the opposition, the introduction of the legislation, Bill
C-61, was delayed until June.
The group, which now has more than 90,000 members, was the brainchild of
University of Ottawa professor Michael Geist, an outspoken critic of both
the substance of the bill and what he says is the government's lack of
public consultation on the issue.
After 7,000 new members joined the group within days of the government's
introduction of the bill, Geist said it was the beginning of a new wave of
political activism on the internet.
"What we've seen over the past 24 hours has been nothing short of
remarkable," he said. "Literally tens of thousands of Canadians are speaking
out with an element of shock that the government would introduce this
legislation in the manner that it has."
Protest spawns imitators
Geist's group stands as one of the most successful examples of "Facebook
activism" ? tapping into the ready-made structure of online social networks
to make joining a group as quick as a click of a button.
Its success has spawned imitators in the last year aimed squarely at the
telecommunications industry.
The federal New Democratic Party, for example, seized on public discontent
over changes to text messaging fees at Bell and Telus to start their own
online petition. Their Facebook group protesting the changes has since
attracted more than 37,000 members.
And a petition on a website called ruinediphone.com protesting Rogers
Communications' data rates for Apple's iPhone attracted 56,000 people in
just two weeks and, along with other protests, was able to influence Rogers
to come out with new rates.
The success of these petitions in attracting and bringing together large
groups of people brings up a larger question: how much weight should
government, businesses and other Canadians give a protest that's as easy to
join as a click of a button?
Telecommunications analyst Mark Goldberg thinks the relative ease of adding
a name to a protest group or petition undermines the credibility of these
"In the old days, businesses used to operate on the assumption that if they
got one angry letter from a customer, it meant there were 10 more people out
there who likely felt the same way," said Goldberg, who also writes a blog
called Telecom Trends.
"But with an online poll, you have no idea how many people it represents.
Does an online vote represent 10 people, or does it even represent half a
Potential for abuse
The question came up eight years ago in an altogether different manner after
then-Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day proposed tying federal
referendums to petitions that could attract the support of three per cent of
voting Canadians.
Comedian Rick Mercer, then a host of CBC's This Hour Has 22 Minutes, deftly
ridiculed the proposal when he announced an online petition to change Day's
name to "Doris." That petition attracted more than one million people and
garnered international attention.
This Hour Has 22 Minutes' poll had little quality control to determine
whether people were who they said they were, but that was ultimately the
point: tying anything to a petition, particularly one done online, was
asking for abuse of the system.
In theory, attaching a petition to a social network like Facebook mitigates
this problem, since while it would be relatively simple to create a fake
alias using a web mail account, it is more time-consuming to create and fill
a fake Facebook account. While there have been numerous reports of fake
Facebook accounts, the general consensus is that the social network provides
a more reliable structure to judge whether an online petition represents
real protest.
"If you have 50,000 Facebook members, you probably have close to 50,000
frustrated people," said Goldberg. "While I'd be cautious of reading too
much into it, it does suggest for a government or a company that they have a
public relations issue."
Goldberg also questions just how effective Geist's protest and the NDP text
messaging protest really have been. In the case of the copyright bill, the
federal government did eventually introduce the legislation and the
Conservatives are expected to follow through if they win the Oct. 14 federal
election. In the case of the text messaging fees, the government decided
against interfering with Bell and Telus, despite the NDP protest.
"These petitions have been popularized, but I'm not sure they've been
legitimized," Goldberg said. "They may have made their sponsors feel good
about themselves, but I'm not sure they've led to many changes."
Geist says his petition has had an impact, however, in that government
officials are now aware that there is tangible group of people opposing
copyright reform.
"They are obviously aware of both the group and the advocacy that has arisen
from it. I am not sure if they track the postings on the group, but surely
the response that the group has helped foster has captured their attention,"
he wrote to CBC News in an e-mail.
Petitions lead to further activism
Interestingly, it was a flawed petition that has been most influential: the
ruinediphone.com petition was undermined because it initially allowed people
outside of Canada to add their names to the list, yet it remained
instrumental in getting the message of dissatisfaction to Rogers.
Ryerson University communications professor Greg Elmer said an online
petition alone is not particularly influential, but it can be an effective
jumping-off point to further activism.
"What really impressed me about that group was how quickly it split off into
local chapters and into further activism," said Elmer. "People didn't want
to just press a button, they wanted to get together and strategize."
Geist himself thinks petitions are less important than the local activity
and individual actions that follow.
"While a petition can be an effective method of demonstrating interest in an
issue, I believe that the internet allows us to go far beyond the petition,"
he wrote.
Likewise the ruinediphone.com site became a focal point for frustration with
the cellphone industry in general even after Rogers lowered its rates,
according to Graham Fair, a 31-year-old from Vancouver who became the
spokesman for the site when its founder wished to remain anonymous.
Elmer said he sensed a similar shift in approach among activists when he
attended the Personal Democracy Forum in New York City in June.
"There's a real move away from the symbolic act, the 'click here' or 'post
comment here' style of activism. What we're seeing now is a call for a
greater commitment."
It's that commitment to further activism that gives these online petitions
their real teeth, said Elmer.
"There's still a huge divide between the real world and the virtual world,"
he said. "But when you look at the copyright protest, it wasn't just names
on a list, it was people showing up in Prentice's office. I think that
really cemented that these were real people and this was a real issue."
Geist said online and offline activism play off each other and spawn a more
far-reaching kind of protest. For that reason, he expects these kinds of
protests to grow in popularity.
"This is the tip of the iceberg," he wrote. "I think we will see far more
online activism and all organizations ? both business and government ?
working to respond to the online activity."
Vietnam protests hawkish Chinese Web postings
Chinese officials have confirmed that plans posted online for an invasion of
Vietnam do not reflect Beijing's official position. But the postings are
heightening tensions at a time when China seeks to gain control of oil-rich
regions in the South China Sea.
By Jonathan Adams
from the September 10, 2008 edition
The Hanoi government has complained to Beijing about postings on Chinese
websites that detail plans for an invasion of Vietnam. Chinese officials
have dismissed the posts as the ramblings of a hypernationalist minority.
But the diplomatic flare-up is seen as an indication of rising tensions
between the two nations over the potentially oil-rich South China Sea.
There, China has been pressuring Western oil firms to cancel joint
exploration projects with Vietnam in waters that Beijing also claims.
The South China Morning Post (SCMP) reported that the invasion plans have
been posted on the popular Chinese web portal Sina.com and at least three
other websites. Analysts interviewed by the SCMP characterized the posted
"invasion plans" as the work of kooks, with little military value.
The supposed plans detail a 31-day invasion, starting with five days of
missile strikes from land, sea and air and climaxing in an invasion
involving 310,000 troops sweeping into Vietnam from Yunnan, Guangxi and the
South China Sea. The electronic jamming of Vietnamese command and
communications centers is mentioned, along with the blocking of sea lanes in
the South China Sea....
"Vietnam is the strategic hub of the whole of Southeast Asia. Vietnam has to
be conquered first if Southeast Asia is to be under [China's] control
again," the plans say. "From all perspectives Vietnam is a piece of bone
hard to be swallowed."
The SCMP added that Vietnamese officials were baffled that the postings
remained online after they registered their complaints, since Beijing can
easily block any Web content that has been brought to its attention.
The Straits Times, a Singapore daily, reported that Chinese officials have
assured Vietnam that the postings do not reflect Beijing's official
The web postings come as China and Vietnam are squaring off over exploration
projects in the South China Sea in areas that both claim. In July, Beijing
had warned the American oil giant ExxonMobil to scrap an exploration deal
with Vietnam, reported the World Tribune. The report suggested that Vietnam
had a better case for its claim to potentially oil-rich fields off its
coast. But China is flexing its growing political muscle by asserting its
claim to nearly the entire South China Sea.
A Hong Kong newspaper says Beijing's diplomats have threatened retaliation
if ExxonMobil goes ahead with a preliminary agreement with the Vietnamese
state oil firm PetroVietnam. The deal covers exploitation in the South China
Sea off Vietnam's south and central coasts, according to the Sunday Morning
The Hong Kong newspaper quoted unidentified sources saying Exxon Mobil was
confident of Vietnam's sovereign rights to the blocks it was now seeking to
explore. But it is clear that ExxonMobil could not dismiss China's warnings
out of hand given the rapidly increasing Chinese market for crude oil and
oil products....
Last year, Chinese media targeted an agreement between Vietnam and BP near
the Spratlys maintaining that those islands had been an "indisputable part
of Chinese territory since ancient times." The Spratlys, like other island
groups in the region, are uninhabited rocky outcroppings and coral but are
in an area that may contain large oil and gas deposits.
Reuters reported that China and Vietnam are actually cooperating in oil and
gas exploration in the Gulf of Tonkin off Vietnam's north coast. But in
waters further south, the two sides are at odds. The territorial dispute in
southern waters led British oil giant BP to scotch its plans for exploration
Once united by their communist ideology, relations between Vietnam and China
cooled in the 1970s, particularly when Vietnam invaded Cambodia in late 1978
to oust the Beijing-backed Khmer Rouge regime. Partly in retaliation, China
invaded Vietnam a few months later, as detailed by Global Security. The two
sides fought a nasty one-month border war that left tens of thousands dead
before Beijing retreated. Border clashes continued throughout the 1980s.
That history helps explain Vietnam's sensitivity to public "invasion plans"
on Chinese websites, no matter how bogus they might be.
In the past two decades, relations have warmed as both countries moved ahead
with pragmatic market reforms, despite several ongoing territorial disputes.
In addition to the Spratly and Paracel islands in the South China Sea, the
countries are also battling for influence over neighboring, resource-rich
Laos. A commentary in the Asia Times argued that Laos is likely to
increasingly tilt toward China, despite the landlocked country's
historically close ties to Vietnam.
Laos is of increasing strategic importance to both China and Vietnam, two of
Asia's fastest growing countries. Vietnam's interests lie primarily in
securing its long land border with Laos and developing greater access to
markets in Thailand. For China, Laos provides a growing avenue to export
products to wider Southeast Asia, particularly from its remote and
less-developed, landlocked southwestern regions....
Some analysts here predict that the balance of influence inside the ruling
Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP) could soon shift in Beijing's favor,
as senior Lao leaders fade from the political scene and younger, more
market-savvy cadre lacking experience in the communist revolutionary period
assume positions of power.
Political Wolf Hunt Protests    [Edit]
Defenders of Wildlife Against Sarah Palin
 1,062 Views - Click for Gallery
This is one bad arse viral video from the Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund.
The commercial denounces, in VERY graphic form, that Sarah Palin promotes
aerial wolf hunting in Alaska. Sarah Palin, the Republican vice presidential
nominee, has been supporting this act of ?cruelty? as the state?s governor,
and DWAF are hoping this video makes people aware of that.
?Have you ever heard of aerial hunting? It?s a brutal practice

@_date: 2009-09-15 13:27:59
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd:Against the deliberate cultivation of 
If seeking to cultivate narcissism, first fertilise the ground with copious
quantities of bullshit.

@_date: 2010-02-01 03:56:21
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
You have a point, but TBH I think I'd find genuinely autonomous technology a
lot less creepy than long-range human management.  Tools already have some
autonomy - their material composition affects their possible uses - the
hammer for instance is incapable of being soft, too small for some tasks,
etc.  As I've said before, people can form much stronger bonds with 'wilful'
technologies showing signs of autonomy than with those which seem to be
'mere means' - people come to love their old car which needs constant
maintenance to keep it on the road for instance.  Then there's the parallel
with animals - I wouldn't want to view animals as tools, but there is no
denying they have been used as such.
Also, I don't think technological change is unilinear.  Tools and
technologies are developed by agents, for purposes; they are taken up by
other agents, for other purposes.  There are plenty of technologies which
were developed then lost, e.g. aqueducts.  Others which we have still not
rediscovered today - such as how the pyramids were built.  Others which were
designed but never took off - such as laserdisks, hovercraft, electric
knives.  Look at the ways in which European and Chinese technological
development were affected by the early discovery of glass in Europe.  There
were advantages and disadvantages to the discovery.  In the history of
technology, several things are clear.  Firstly that from any point there are
multiple paths.  Secondly, that the choice of paths is not based on
superiority but a kind of arbitrary contingency composed of temporary
usefulness, path-dependency and the motives of 'technicians'.  Thirdly, that
technologies are only discovered and retained to the extent that someone
finds them useful, forming connections at the level of desire.  Fourthly,
that even the most rigid internal path-dependency is vulnerable to
disruption from the outside, and that the 'outside' here is not simply
geographical but also sociological, psychological, epistemological.
Fifthly, that the accumulation of technological means is also the
accumulation of technological vulnerabilities.
The problem is that big centralised corporations and states prefer to
produce and advance technologies which empower big centralised hierarchies
(preferably themselves, but indirectly also their rivals).  Other kinds of
technologies empower diffuse networks against centralised hierarchies.
These are often more useful and functional for 'ordinary' people and for
dissidents and the different, but the imperative to develop them is
different - it either comes from marginal networked communities such as
hackers and OS programmers, from small marginal companies seeking to counter
powerful rivals, from smaller states seeking asymmetrical means to counter
the power of larger states, or from big companies or states seeking to stay
ahead of the potential threat they face from these various targets by
getting to the network-friendly technologies ahead of them.
I've been reading Virilio recently and came across a very interesting
argument...  the limit-point of military deterrence is that the development
of new weapons which transform the field of war is undeterrable.  And this
is the problem for technological determinism also.  There is no way of
knowing in advance what kinds of countermeasures can be designed or what new
technologies or techniques might emerge from a field of contending agents
about which one has imperfect knowledge.
Also remember that technological power at its most basic is not about
machines or accumulation - it is about the capability to act (technique).
This capability can also be actualised in low-tech ways, and through what
seem to be regressions to 'lower' technologies.  A switch from high-tech
farming to organic farming and permaculture for instance, would certainly be
'progress' at the level of technology, even though the tools involved are
incomparably simpler: it would involve a switch to a path which accords more
closely with what is needed at the level of purpose, which even from the
most intransigently anthropocentric point of view serves as a means to
survival and an extension of the most accurate science.  Most often,
however, I would assess whether a technology is 'progressive' or not in
terms of whether it empowers diffuse networks or on the contrary,
disempowers networks to the benefit of hierarchies.  'Progress' in this
regard can only ever be relative to a project.

@_date: 2010-02-03 18:08:42
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
This is all rather contradictory...  Nobody ought to block 'free and open'
as a model, but IP should be allowed too...  yet the whole point of IP is to
block 'free and open'.  And the failures of DRM in previous cases, arising
from competition with 'illegal' free distribution, cannot simultaneously be
embraced as consumer choice while their indirect cause is condemned.
But on another point.  No, politics (and economics) is NOT about
'self-interest'.  The rational, egoist *homo oeconomicus* is a demonic
creation of the simplifying gaze of 'royal scientists'.  People aren't
really like this.  A great many societies (such as the Bushmen) show no sign
of this way of seeing at all.  People sometimes approximate to being like
this when they are encouraged to do so, but even then, what they mean by
'self' and 'interest' varies with individuals, psychologies, contexts,
discourses.  People are a wide range of things, among them:
affective/emotional beings, beings with bodies, beings with psychologies,
traumas, neuroses, fantasmatic attachments; language-using and symbol-using
beings, products and creators of discursive systems; and relational
complexes, partly constituted through social and ecological relations.
People do what feels right, or feels necessary, or feels comfortable; they
do what makes sense; and they do what fits with the situation as they
construct it.  Fantasy, ideology, habitus, line of flight, affect, episteme,
character-structure, social logic, subject-position, perspective, standpoint
- all very helpful ways of thinking about motivation.  Interests don't
figure anywhere.

@_date: 2010-02-03 19:37:19
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
*"IP doesn't block free and open.  It blocks theft"*
The alleged difference between "free and open" and "theft" is a matter of
judgement, not structure.  A very poor basis for analysis.  By all means
say, "I support free and open in some circumstances but not others"...
don't play doublethink.
*""Artificial scarcity" is as absurd as communal property"*
Nope, both are matters which have demonstrably existed.  Communal property
is no different conceptually from joint property, which is recognised
everywhere even in bourgeois law; and communal rights are recognised in
countries such as Australia and Mexico in relation to indigenous peoples
also.  "Artificial scarcity" is conceptually as simple as someone buying all
the grain and hoarding it to drive the prices up.
*"The world disagrees with you."*
How many Indians, Africans, Latin Americans, Russians, or even Americans did
you ask before reaching this conclusion?  Must be nice to be able to speak
for "the world", even when a big segment of it are actually doing exactly
what "the world" supposedly condemns.
*"People have rights."*
Indeed.  And the real, basic rights such as the right not to be tortured,
the right to subsistence, the right not to be executed, freedom of
expression, freedom of religion, and the right to voice are only compromised
by the accumulation of bogus "rights" of corporations, rich individuals and
specific systems transmuted into the language of rights.  In the past,
things were easier: reactionaries just eschewed the language of rights and
could be condemned outright for it.  Now we have all these absurd claims
that every single legally constituted benefit is a right - that people have
a 'right' to security, a 'right' to peace and quiet, a 'right' not to be
disrupted by protests, a 'right' not to see homeless people when they go
out, a 'right' not to have to pay taxes to support other people who don't
work, and before we know it, the real rights are being compromised and
trampled to make space for all these fake rights, which are really either
sideways terms for systemic conditions (utility, welfare, order and so on)
or are actually matters of privilege.  It's a very clever tactic of the
people who believe in state control and 'order', and not in rights at all;
they get to pose as the defenders of rights, at the same time as stealing
away the 'right to have rights' by simply rendering 'rights' equivalent to
the persistence of the totality of the status quo.
I would add that what's being talked about here is not a right because not
everyone can exercise it.  It is, therefore, a privilege.  You may try to
justify it as a privilege if you wish, but do not confuse it with rights,
which are of their very nature egalitarian.
Finally - there are certainly a few people who believe that some kind of
property rights are rights in the full sense, but these people arrive at a
total system very different from that existing today - they at least
recognise the 'right to have rights'.  On the other hand, most of those who
*appear* to be justifying property as a right, turn out on closer inspection
to actually be trying to justify a capitalist/market system as a totality,
on the basis of its general benefits such as productivity, efficiency,
progress, character-building or welfare.  Hence, the argument is really from
a teleological, not a deontological ethics.
*"Obviously balances need to be struck."*
Another contradiction.  An ethic of rights is absolutely incompatible with
an ethics of balancing.  Balancing is a characteristic of intuitive or
utilitarian ethics - there is a calculus of maximisation to be reached.
This type of ethics is the antithesis of an ethic of rights.  Rights, to be
rights, do not permit exceptions, because by definition they are right -
they are something a person can take a stand on principle about and insist,
'this is my right', without fear of rebuttal on a technicality.  If
something is somebody's right, then someone else shouldn't stop them from
exercising it; if they are allowed to do so and it is recognised
asjustified, then it is not being recognised as a right, simply as a
*"in most of the world it is 75 years after a death...not unreasonable."*
You're kidding, right?  Not unreasonable with increased speeds of
obsolescence mean most cultural products are unsaleable within a few years?
Not unreasonable when not only console games but entire systems become
'abandonware' in less than a decade?  Not unreasonable when mass market
paperbacks can be selling for $0.01 six months after their release - and
then unavailable a few years later?
The crucial question, of course, being by what criteria we determine
'reasonable'.  If IP is really a 'right', even one that's being hedged in
various ways, there's no good reason why this exception should be recognised
at all.  If on the other hand IP is being upheld based on considerations of
its effects - if the intent, for instance, is to encourage greater
intellectual productivity - it would certainly be beneficial for the period
to be far shorter, so as to compel people to continue to be productive over
time, and companies to invest in new material.  If the goal is to 'strike a
balance' between claims to rent-extraction and claims of public use, then
the period should be closely linked to the ordinary shelf-life of a product
- thereby maximising rent (the product will generate maximum rent during the
protected period) and maximising public use relative to the current system,
in particular, protecting availability.  But anyone can *assert* that
something seems reasonable.
*"People should be encouraged by the commons to add to it.  It is
antithetical to the commons to be compelled to participate in it."*
Well, people are compelled to participate in capitalism because of the lack
of a basic income.  But leaving that aside - indeed, people have a right to
not participate if they really don't want to - they can exercise it by not
writing, designing games, playing music, etc., or by doing it in private and
keeping it to themselves.
But, we aren't really talking about the right to participate here, are we?
We're talking about the *terms* on which people choose to participate -
whether certain privileges can be used to extract rents on an act which is
always, one way or the other, a *socialised* action.  We're talking about
whether a social act will be recognised as social or treated to the legal
fiction that it's really private.  And the question is, wheher people should
have the choice to exercise a *privilege* over something through which they
can get rich, rather than contribute it to the commons.  While some people
may ethically choose to contribute to the commons anyway, I daresay the *big
bribe not to* will have an impact on a lot of people, especially when their
conditions of life are also not being guaranteed.
Which brings us to Zhivago's *house*.  Interesting that houses so often
figure in discussions such as this.  Well, a house is not at all like IP, or
even like a consumer good.  Firstly it is intimately connected to basic
rights such as privacy, family life, and subsistence.  Secondly, it is
genuinely a space of individual or small-group use.  More, of course, needs
to be added.  If a house is a right, then all have a right to a house -
including to squat an empty one, or seize land to build one.  And if a house
is a right, then police raids on houses would normally be completely
unjustifiable - at the very least they would have to be preventing (not
detecting) a serious human rights abuse (not merely a crime) for such a
thing to be justifiable.  Yet it is the people with arguments like Ryan's,
the neoliberals and pro-capitalists, who justify driving people from their
homes through foreclosures, draconian urban planning laws, 'eminent domain',
'asset seizures', no-knock drug raids...  We can tell they don't
*really*think houses are a right.  (Of course not, since they are
really using
'rights' as doublethink for 'order' and 'privilege').  Yet they use this
right *that they know other people believe in and they don't*, to ground
'rights' to other things which have none of the sociocultural density of
Seriously...  downloading someone's song is like turfing someone out of
their home?  Reminds me of Nozick's similarly exorbitant claim that
(excessively) taxing someone is the same as enslaving them.  Which I would
frankly like to see him say after a few weeks on a cotton plantation.
"To say we all need free access to Let It Be because we can copy it from one
machine to another is a farce."
Nobody said 'need'.  But the point is that something that is infinitely
copiable is inherently abundant (certain background conditions assumed).
This is very different from a situation
"I was with you up to the last sentence which denies any notion of
competition.  Competition is part of who we are as animals and as
organisms.  It isn't going to change."
You were with me because as a good Third Way liberal you're no doubt quite
prepared to add all the other stuff as long as it doesn't disrupt the core,
the 'touchy nodal point' of your ideology...  it can all be added as
supplement and do no harm whatsoever.
Read carefully and you will see that I did not mention 'competition' at
all.  Replace it with 'antagonism' or 'difference' and I might agree that it
is crucial to politics, though it can be pursued as reconciliation and
complementarity as well as conflict.
As to humanity's alleged species-being (assuming this unmentioned 'we' is
actually humans and not just American stockbrokers) - have you ever read any
anthropology at all?!  You should really see how people live outside
capitalist societies before making these kinds of vast essentialising
claims.  Of course it's dangerous to extrapolate humanity's past from
today's societies, but we must bear in mind that when human genetic
evolution stopped, somewhere near the Olduvai Gorge, we were all
hunter-gatherers.  Look at how hunter-gatherers live and you will find
highly cooperative societies with no sign of what you term 'self-interest'.
Granted, some of them experience conflict (*between groups*); but nothing
like capitalist competition.  So, either-or:  either human nature is
basically cooperative and not competitive; or people are malleable, and
become competitive because of social causality.  If you don't want to be
bothered with anthropology, try looking at humanity's closest relatives in
nature, Bonobo chimpanzees - so close to us that they can learn human
language.  Not a sign of competition among them.
Another contradiction...  Now you are referring back to a species-essence of
humanity, yet not so long ago, you were expounding on how humans are about
to be rendered obsolete by autonomous machines.  Which, of course, would be
immune to whatever biological absolutes you presume govern human behaviour
despite all the evidence to the contrary.  Hence, if your
techno-(dys)utopian future is pending, this basis in conflict *is* going to
change.  And, weren't you admonishing me not too long ago for supposedly
grieving the loss of a human essence amidst computerised prediction and
supplementation?  Yet now you are exhibiting this very fear of loss of a
human essence and trying to ward it off - the loss of competition...
Let me turn it upside down:  you need IP because without it people would not
be forced to behave competitively, and this would destroy your "human
essence".  You need the coercive imposition of scarcity lest your
cosmological edifice come tumbling down.

@_date: 2010-02-03 20:06:36
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
*"If it takes me, say, five full days to research and test stuff in
order to write something that gives one million people emotions
(e.g. poetry) or, much more prosaically, teaches them in twenty
minutes how to do something they need to do, I may only be able to
afford to do it if there is some guarantee that I can make enough of
it to at least pay my expenses for those same days."*
Why do 'analytical' theorists always talk in the first person, when what
they mean is an abstract self, an abstract example?  Are they identifying
themselves with the abstract example of their theory, absorbing it into
their selfhood, or are they trying to conceal the emptiness of the abstract
self of their theory beneath the *apparent* fullness of pronominal
identification which in fact says little more?  Or is it maybe that the self
of the analytical theorist is the master-signifier of the theory, that the
self posits itself as lawgiver by this gesture of identification?
But let's unpack this a little at a time.  Firstly, this need to at least
cover expenses for those days (meaning living costs) only applies in
societies where *scarcity is the fundamental organising principle*, i.e.
where each person will not subsist unless they participate in the rat-race.
An indigenous shaman may well take twenty minutes to teach for free without
any payment whatsoever, because s/he will get enough to eat by gathering at
some other point, or by relying on the net gathering of the band.  An
autonomous activist, living let us say in a squatted building and skipping
food, will similarly be able - and in many cases willing - to devote time to
aesthetic and cultural activities for free.  Similarly someone living in an
extensive welfare state where they can sign onto benefits without hassle,
perhaps putting her or himself down as an 'unemployed artist'.
Secondly, very few artists starting out on their own will *ever* make enough
to cover expenses - look at the actual situation facing for example story
writers, poets and musicians.  For every one who 'makes it' there will be a
hundred who do not.  So even if they are financially motivated (rather than
motivated by fame, or love of their artform, or enjoyment of the activity) -
at best they make a *gamble* - they have no *guarantee*.  Most of them do it
in their 'free' time - even though it is quite possibly productive labour
(bringing us to a key point of autonomist theory - much unpaid activity in
contemporary capitalism could actually be classified as unremunerated
Finally, this argument - a teleological argument once more (from the
supposed effects of capitalism in giving people incentives to engage in
useful activity), not an argument from rights or merit - only justifies
giving *some kind of income* to artists.  This could be done in many ways,
of which IP is only one.  Other options might include a universal basic
income, a basic bursary for full-time cultural producers specifically, a
rent-system on cultural consumption with reward-distributions based on
popularity or rankings, or some other way of monetising success such as
concert tickets.  The current system is actually quite bad from this
teleological point of view - the majority of artists get nothing, a minority
become super-rich for marginal reasons, middlemen get a huge take, and users
lose out on freedom of use.
*"My own TIME is only mine and is sure as hell a really limited resource."*
"Time is increasingly a key manifestation of the estrangement and
humiliation that characterize modern existence...  Time is not only, as Kant
said, at the foundation of all our representations, but, by this fact, also
at the foundation of our adaptation to a qualitatively reduced, symbolic
world. Our experience in this world is under an all-pervasive pressure to be
representation, to be almost unconsciously degraded into symbols and
measurements." (Zerzan)  Strange that I should have been reading this earlier, and then come across
its confirmation!  Time as a possession, as a resource, as inherently
scarce, indeed, as the basis for belief in scarcity...  all seems to confirm
Zerzan's argument.
A lot of these issues come down to whether one buys into the myth that
scarcity is inherent to the human condition.  A lot of activity is expended
in seeking to sustain this myth against its obvious falsity - ultimately
scarcity is chased from bolt-hole to bolt-hole.  Music needs to be scarce so
musicians can eat...  food needs to be scarce so that farmers can listen to
music.  What it comes down to is - everything has to be scarce so that
people with character-structures built on scarcity (repression of desire)
can retain their perpetual neurotic activity.  But these
character-structures are themselves products of being mistreated in
childhood by others with similar character-structures.  The zero-point of
scarcity is psychological.  Material scarcity is imposed by force so that
psychological scarcity can maintain and reproduce itself.  But always the
need is there to project it outwards, to find some element in the world onto
which to project scarcity.  Aha!  Time!  Yet this experience of time as
scarce is itself a product either of the neurotic character-structure which
can never rest, or of the social conditions which keep people constantly
under siege...  It comes full-circle once more.
*"When I talk with FOSS zealots, I often point
out that "I can't say people with a straight face that in order to be
Free as in Freedom they HAVE to use only the software that *I* call
The cry of the privileged...  'Oh my goodness, these liberal zealots - they
demand freedom for everyone, but they're taking away my right to own

@_date: 2010-02-03 21:38:12
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
You're probably right, I'm probably never going to convince you.
But I do wish you'd stop pulling out all these silencing invalidatory
tricks.  Matters vs doesn't matter, works vs doesn't work, most people vs
small minority etc.
All subjective judgements on your part, but portrayed on the scale of grand
*"It hasn't worked in the many dozens of times it has been tried,"*
99% of human societies.  All societies start out stateless.  Only a tiny
minority of them develop states.  These ones have the habit of colonising
and subjugating everyone else.
*"It isn't any way people want to live (99.999% of us)"*
*sighs*...  you've interviewed how many?...  I think we'd exceed 0.001% just
with indigenous peoples who have resisted state control (the West Papuans
for example number in the millions).
As for the rest of the world...  I'm not sure as anyone really knows what
the vast swathes of the global poor really want - often including the global
poor themselves - but when they start articulating their own autonomous
politics, it often takes anarchistic (if not strictly anarchist) forms.
Most people don't like to be enslaved, and for there to be dominant people
there need to be dominated.  People who are dominated - who usually
outnumber the dominators - *tend not to like it very much*.  They have a
habit, very annoying to their 'betters' no doubt, of *fighting back*.  Of
course, if enough of them can be persuaded or tricked into thinking they can
be one of the dominators instead of one of the dominated - and if reality
seems to offer no options except to be one or the other - they might never
get around to asking which system they'd prefer.
I would also add that of this 99+% who supposedly prefer lawful state
societies, about 98% break the law in one way or another.  Which makes me
wonder whether they *really* prefer this kind of society, or just *fantasise
* that they do.
*"I like living in a world of laws,"*
Probably because you're not the one getting locked up.  You wouldn't like
living under someone else's laws.  It's only because you're lucky enough to
be in the in-group that you like it.  The underside of a truncheon does not
look so nice as the top side.
You are also quite probably benefiting from cheaper prices due to enslaved
(mainly black and Hispanic) prison labour, not to mention the others forced
into sweatshop labour through state expropriations and fear, though I doubt
you know it well enough for it to affect your preference for 'laws'.
*"I am more that willing to subscribe to US views of rights or those of the
Human Rights Convention."*
Strange, I don't remember things like intellectual property being in the US
Constitution or the UN Declaration on Human Rights.  The latter is
deliberately very quiet on issues of property relations and distribution.
The former...  well, suffice to say that if read literally it would require
dismantling most of the current US state apparatus.  The approach of these
kinds of rights documents is usually very similar to that which I set out
initially - there are a small number of basic rights which are either
absolute, or have priority as a group (they can only conceivably be trumped
by other rights within the group); these rights are *meant* to be an *outer
frame* within which a range of policies, specific social orders etc can then
be pursued.
But in practice, states will very often *violate the outer frame* either by
ignoring it, 'balancing' it against secondary concerns, reading secondary
concerns into it, or rendering the rights impotent by technical
interpretation.  This was how I initially discussed this issue at hand...
the DRM framework in this case, is a violation of the right to privacy (core
right), makes using a particular technology conditional on effectively
carrying around the state in your pocket - reversing the burden of proof
(Fifth Amendment violation - you are required to report on yourself through
the item signing in automatically), and creates the *technical
potential*for very serious violations of core rights such as
widespread political
censorship or restrictions on freedom of expression (such as the risk that
the government could order the removal of all copies of "Cop Killer" and the
addition of those who purchased it to no-fly lists; or the Chinese
government locking up and torturing everyone who has a Free Tibet song on
their playlist).
You responded that it is justified because of its positive aggregative
teleological effects (saving the music industry) and enforcement of
second-order non-core 'rights'/privileges/legal entitlements within a
particular system (suppression of piracy).  (This can be avoided - for now -
by not purchasing the product which implements this technology, but in cases
like mobile phones, market hegemony of dangerous technical practices was
followed rapidly by legislation to require them.  I would add that one is
only likely to refrain from buying something for these kinds of reasons if
one believes strongly that such technical measures are wrong).  But the
whole rights framework requires that core rights cannot be trumped by
aggregative teleological effects, non-core rights, or other kinds of
entitlements.  The core rights trump the other rights.  So you're willing to
endorse and draw symbolic capital from these kinds of rights discourses, but
not to uphold them when they're inconvenient for the pursuit of other
ethical positions you hold.  You aren't really prepared to operate them as a
limit on how and whether states and corporations can exercise power in cases
where you think their purpose is justified.  You aren't prepared to bear
their costs, and this means you don't really endorse them at all.

@_date: 2010-02-03 21:48:09
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
'The claim to be non-ideological, to be a direct expression of experience,
is the ideological gesture *par excellence*' (Slavoj Zizek).
Everyday ideology - the way people relate performatively to the real
conditions of their lives - is always awash with abstractions which appear
as pseudo-concrete.  You can choose to submerge yourself in this ideological
performativity and refuse to question its basic assumptions and perspectival
biases - but by doing so, you lose the ability to engage with difference.
The difficulty is that you continue adopting political positions in a world
where difference exists.  This necessarily impels you into a monological,
coercive politics.  The imposition of ideology then becomes identical with
command - the social order must be run for the benefit of those with the
correct ideology...  a dangerous path.
The challenge is to realise that other perspectives also come from
experiences, immediacies, actual connections in the world...  that
indigenous shamans, autonomous social movement activists, impoverished
unsuccessful artists and people playing music in bars in their 'free' time *all
exist in the real world* and that their experiences *have just as much
concreteness and legitimacy as your own*.
You *do* mean an abstract self, because I very much doubt that you have
actually sat down for five days to 'research and test stuff' and out of it
written a poem for which you have received remuneration.  Not least because
that's not how poems are written, or remunerated.

@_date: 2010-02-03 21:55:24
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] really interesting take on the iPad 
Becoming a cult doesn't work?  Why not?  It worked for the world bank.
Speaking of copyright and cults...
Oh no, nothing wrong with IP there, it's really bad for the cults...

@_date: 2010-02-03 22:42:10
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
*"secondly, it's a good habit to check online before judging people."*
Hence confirming: not a poet, not writing from experience, therefore
positing abstract self.  As I quite rightly stated at the start.
I judge arguments, not people.  You're the one who started personalising
*"this is an approach that doesn't exclude difference."*
Perhaps - but the exclusion of difference arises from the
argument-from-experience approach.  Your last email effectively dismissed
everything I said, on the grounds that it was too abstract whereas yours was
experiential and down-to-earth.  I have exposed this as an ideological
fallacy.  It remains an ideological fallacy, however annoyed you get.
*"I didn't deny for one moment the concreteness and
legitimacy and freedom of everybody else to do what they want."*
Do I need to explain the idea of logical implications?
Your first post in this thread stated that time is inherently scarce and
that people have to earn a living.  The imposition of an entire social
system is implicit in these statements.
And if you don't like being ideology-critiqued, maybe you should think twice
before getting people's backs up by calling them names like 'zealot'.   :-)

@_date: 2010-02-04 12:54:16
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
*"I have no grand knowledge other than what people want and my own
I know you don't *have* grand knowledge, you just *claim* it constantly,
with sweeping claims about what 'people' in general want, about human
nature, etc.
"Other than that, I try to rely on science...which I think you rather
dismissively referred to as being an "analytic type.""
There are types and methods of 'science'.  You obviously know no
anthropology whatsoever, and next to no sociology.  You persistently make
claims that you would be told in an introductory course on these topics are
absolutely indefensible.  You make claims that a specialist in these areas
could cite a hundred empirical studies to falsify.  You pick and choose your
"That doesn't surprise me since humans are competitive...even the Yanomamo."
The Yanomamo men (not the women) have intense intergroup antagonisms which
are entirely collective and bear no resemblance to stock market behaviour.
So do the Guarani and most of the Papuans (again usually only the men), but
not the Bushmen, the Mbuti, or the Australian aborigines.
*"We know they want to not be poor.  Every chance they get they leave
families, home lands and social structures to get an education to earn
When someone grabs all the food and locks it up in a walled compound, people
will try to break into the compound to get the food, or failing that, they
will do what the person says so he gives it back to them.  This doesn't mean
that they *want* the food to be locked up in a walled compound.
If you really imagine that the global North has all the resources it does
from being a better system, then you've obviously never studied the history
of colonialism.
In any case there are an awful lot of people who *don't* leave.  Those who
do, a great many are victims of forced displacement or persecution.  China
for instance is undergoing rapid urbanisation mainly because of the
increased role of capitalism in rural areas, driving farmers off their land.
Even supposing the preferences you posit are real - the analysis of them has
to take account of all those complicated variables you previously asserted
you were ready to accept - epistemes, subject-positions, social relations
and so on.  People travel to sites based on their perception of them - not
what they actually are.  Northern countries and major cities tend to have
good PR.
Another problem.  You can't account for the billions who *don't* move (it is
absurd to explain this by border controls alone, which would soon be
overwhelmed by movements on such a scale).  You also can't account for *
patterns* of migration - the sites to which people move.  Where possible,
people don't move alone, but move into shanty-towns or communities from
their area of origin.  Often these communities form quasi-autonomous
lifeworlds of their own in which the wider social discourse is not wholly
accepted.  Indeed, the great majority of migration occurs *between poor
areas*.  Refugees fleeing civil wars most often go to the nearest affinal or
supportive group.
In any case - as I said before - it's all a matter of coerced choice.  Faced
with a choice between been rich and poor (or between being tolerably poor
and being miserably poor), people will choose to be rich (or tolerably
poor).  This says precisely *nothing* about whether they would prefer to be
poor (or rich even) in an inegalitarian society or to live in an egalitarian
society.  Unless they seriously believe the option of realising an
egalitarian society is immanently realisable, there is no way their actions
will show their preferences between social systems.
I doubt such things can be derived from choices in any case (the
motive-forces of choice are too *complex* to simply read off motives from
aggregative processes), but if they could, the relevant set of cases would
be those in which people are faced with a *political* choice between
two *entire
ways of organising society*.  This kind of choice is rare, and again very
complex to read from (how do we know if people are choosing the side they
prefer or the side they think will win?), but there are a few cases where it
can be established.
Indigenous societies and subsistence peasants facing the prospect of
displacement for industrial development, which will provide significant
numbers of jobs and statistical economic growth at the expense of
dispossession and disempowerment.  People in these circumstances *always or
nearly always* prefer to remain as indigenous societies, and nearly always
put up considerable resistance.  One could cite here the Narmada Dam, Posco
in Orissa, chipko andolan, Tata Nano, Chiapas, West Papua (Freeport),
Bougainville, the Amazonian struggles in Peru...
The reactions of poor communities in settings where a government dissenting
against global orthodoxies seems to create space for popular organisation
(often with a lot of apparent goodwill but very little effective poverty
alleviation).  In these cases, people side *strongly* with the government in
question - Chavez in Venezuela and Aristide in Haiti for instance.
*"China has the largest urbanization in history."*
One of these statements that sounds clear but isn't.  The largest
*number*migrating, the highest
*rate* of migration, the *fastest* migration?  If the first then it means
nothing - it simply reflects the fact that China is demographically bigger
than anywhere else.  The other two are clearly false - Russia went from
mostly rural to mostly urban within a decade - and this was due to forced
displacement, expropriation, deportations and state-induced famine.  All of
which tells us a lot more about urbanisation than fairy-tales about people
seeking opportunities.
*"Just look at failed states like Somalia or even Jamaica and you'll see
people who live in abject misery for want of a working state."*
Come on, you can do better than that old chestnut.
As a matter of fact I've been researching Somalia recently.  Reading what
anthropologists and Somali commentators have to say.  Among the things I've
come across:
Somali states have historically been no less brutal than warlords;
states in (most of) Somalia are unsustainable because of centrifugal
features in Somali society;
relatively successful states have existed only on the basis of massive
external patronage;
states are always monopolised by a single clan, becoming systems of clan
domination resented by the overwhelming majority from other clans;
Somalis consistently resist state-building, preferring local diffuse
parts of Somalia have been peaceful and without predatory banditry for very
long periods, without any state existing;
the Somali civil war of 1991-4 was largely a product of forces *generated by
the state* and *sustained by the international community *(notably, looting
of state resources, clan conflict arising from Barre's divide-and-rule, and
the manipulation of aid flows);
Somalia was one of the safest places in Africa before about 1980, in spite
of having an extremely weak state;
Somalia was predominantly peaceful from 1994 until outside forces stirred
things up in the last decade;
Many areas in Somalia have lower rates of murder, robbery, etc than
comparable areas in Kenya, which has a central state.
*"People aren't perfect."*
That's why it's idiocy to trust them with large amounts of centralised
You really want an imperfect person with his finger on a nuclear trigger?
Wouldn't it be better if he just had a spear?
"States are technologies.  Of course everyone starts out without them."
Firstly this deduction doesn't follow - people 'start out' with all sorts of
simple tools, and very complex social relations.  Secondly, states aren't
technologies.  States are systems of social relations.  It would be quite
simple for people in a small, technologically basic society to set up
relations of this type *if they wanted to *(as is imagined by the likes of
Hobbes and Locke).  The fact that they *choose not to* is therefore
indicative.  There are also many cases (from the First Emperor of China to
the Roman Empire) where states collapse and people choose not to revive
them.  There is by no means a linear path from stateless to state society.
In any case, the crucial point is that, once states emerge, societies
without states do not spontaneously adopt them.  Other societies 'acquire'
states only through colonisation.  Faced with the choice, people do not *
choose* state societies.
*"I agree that states are competitive so far."*
That's not what I said and you know it.
This concept of 'competition' is being stretched so broadly that it is like
a black hole, distorting the symbolic space.  Companies are 'competitive' in
profiting better from satisfying demands.  Politicians are 'competitive' in
manipulating people into voting for them instead of their rival.  Yanomamo
are 'competitive' in engaging in ritual intergroup feuding connected to
symbolic identity.  Now states are 'competitive' in militarily subjugating
people.  These are all *quite different* varieties of social relations.
States invade non-state societies and force their people to live under
states whether they want to or not.  They don't out-perform these societies
in a level playing-field so that the societies adopt states or the people
migrate to the state societies.  They invade, enslave and dispossess
stateless societies which are otherwise quite successful by their own
What states are good at is concentrating means of repression and coercion.
A state can build bigger, more destructive weapons than other social forms
so far (noting that bigger and more destructive does not necessarily mean
more effective; states have always faced asymmetrical warfare).  It can
cause more misery than anyone else, and by causing misery, force people to
submit to it.  Is this what you mean by 'competitive'?  If it is, then the
'less competitive' social forms are clearly ethically far more desirable,
and the pressing question is simply how to offset the state's military
advantages (which in any case are now being lost at an unprecedented rate).
*"Systems are imperfect and unjust. Show us how to do it without
imperfection and injustice"*
Another non-answer.  I said you prefer laws because you're not the one
getting locked up or bashed over the head.  The fact that people get locked
up and bashed over the head is not an incidental failing of statist law,
it's fundamental to how it functions (at least in its modern form).  The
problem is that your preferences are shaped by your privilege and would be
unjustifiable without it.  It has absolutely nothing to do with perfectable
But a brief comment since you've raised it.  The way to minimise the
existence of what you term 'injustice' (let us better say: to minimise such
phenomena as oppression, exclusion, domination, etc), in this rather
artificial scenario of designing a just system from scratch, is twofold -
both focused on the need to set up mechanisms which counteract such
phenomena such they arise (feedback loops which quickly eliminate the
problem).  Firstly to diffuse dialogical capabilities and
conflict-transformation mechanisms for reconciliation densely throughout
society.  Secondly to diffuse throughout society means which enable and
legitimise rapid and forceful response to oppressive acts, and which
mobilise solidarity for the oppressed not the oppressor.  The latter
capability prevents oppressive relations from becoming entrenched because
they are instantly rejected, and the former minimises the antagonistic
effects of the latter by enabling such irruptions to pass quickly back into
social peace.  The former would be instantiated by institutions such as the
Nuer leopard-skin chief, Somali *heer* courts and the role of women in
Sambia society, as well as various dialogical techniques associated for
instance with Freirean pedagogy and with conflict transformation approaches;
the latter would be instantiated by the volatile sense of honour typical of
certain indigenous societies, and the sharp sense of outrage at oppression
found among autonomous activists.
Now, compare this approach to how states work.  States concentrate power in
the hands of a few, who are thereby empowered to oppress with impunity.
Counter-mechanisms against such abuse are weak.  Further, legitimatory
forces are diffused throughout society (partly by the state, partly by
statist ideology) which make the use of counter-mechanisms limited.  (To be
fair to the writers of the US Constitution, they did *try* to work in such
mechanisms to a limited degree, but underestimated the task they faced).
Means of redress are similarly rather limited: indirect processes are
permitted (mostly legal and bureaucratic procedures) through which appeal
can be made *to the bearer of concentrated power* to take account of some
injustice.  Those procedures available are *antagonistic*, and typically
carried out at the expense of the complainant.  If the system works and is
not rejected, holders of state power also have concentrated capacities for
violence, are widely legitimated in using violence, and violence against
them is delegitimated even when they act oppressively; people come to accept
that they are disempowered and stop complaining about injustice.  *This is
not at all a matter of imperfection*.  One could hardly come up with a *better
system* than the centralised state to *guarantee* concentrated power.  (And
the 'democratic' state, like many other forms, is simply a compromise
between this basic drive towards state despotism and the difficulties of
making enough concessions to keep people quiet and accepting of the system
in practice).
*"Undoubtedly so.  The US imprisons ridiculously too many people in my
view.  But a democratic society chooses those outcomes continually.  It
isn't fair and it is racist.  Those are things that need hard work to
More *supplemental* reasoning (in the Derridean/Lacanian sense).  You're
giving the state the right to be cruel, racist, unjust...  and not only
letting it get away with it, but rendering these aspects of its *actual
functioning* irrelevant to assessment of its legitimacy.  Of course you can
then harmlessly admit that all of this is really very bad...  at the same
time deferring to the dominant Other the *right/privilege to decide*how many
people to imprison and whether or not to be racist.  And it is this
recognition of the *sovereign*, in the strict sense used by Agamben and
Schmitt, which marks the point of continuity of your own discourse with all
the forms of state despotism.
The logic of rights (*not only the logic of anarchy*) implies something far
more radical: that a state ceases to be legitimate when it is unjust,
racist, draconian, despotic.  That *social peace is a condition for
legitimacy*.  It would be possible to build a liberal theory on this
basis... but most liberals would rather suck up to the powers-that-be, like
the pet Marxists of Stalinism.  The violence of complicit liberals to the
emancipatory potential of ideas such as rights is exactly homologous to the
similar violence performed upon Marxism by its deployment as regime ideology
- both are equally instances of the pigs rewriting the slogans on the wall
in *Animal Farm*.
*"DRM a violation of the right to privacy?  By who's legal interpretation?
Any court so find?  In any nation?"   *
I defer to no-one in understanding the literal meaning of words.  I take the
view that *words mean*.  (Granted, their meaning is socially situated and
requires an understanding of their deployment within speech-communities,
with each user deciding upon use, so ultimately, people and not words
'mean'; nevertheless, this right to syncretic use of language performing
small alterations in its overall meaning is *diffuse*, and at any particular
moment the meaning inheres in words).
It is ridiculous to let power-invested people pick and choose what words
mean - the effect will be Animal Farm.  And the effect *is* Animal Farm, or
1984 - they persistently, constantly, decide that black is white, two plus
two is five.
Logically, it is an invasion of privacy for a company to be able to know or
control what's on one's computer/phone/iPad, because this is information
pertaining to one's private life and freedom of expression.  Having a tool
set up to obligatorily report this information is logically similar to
requiring everyone by law to report this information to the government.  The
latter is not justified, so neither is the former.  This is an *obvious
logical conclusion*.
Of course, all this will be wriggled out of by clever corporate lawyers
pretending that the iPad in your pocket is really *the company's house*, or
that companies don't have to respect privacy because they're *really the
same as individuals* and so *not able to oppress anyone*...  And remember of
course that there are vested interests here, firstly on the part of the *
judges* who want to keep their Schmittian sovereignty to decide what
something means even at the cost of doublethink, and secondly by *powerful
corporate lobbies* who can afford the best lobbyists to get laws passed by
governments and the best lawyers to get them enforced in courts.
Let us take a similar example, in which the right is less contested, yet the
state does *exactly the same thing* to get out of it.  Pretty much everyone,
at least in international jurisprudence, admits that the right not to be
tortured (or subjected to other kinds of torture-like abuse - 'cruel and
inhuman treatment') is a basic human right.  Yet, it will be hard to find *one
government* that does not sometimes torture.  Bearing in mind first of all,
all the various forms torture can take: beatings in custody, denial of
medical treatment, sleep deprivation, certain so-called 'restraint'
techniques - especially when used punitively, prolonged solitary
confinement, electroconvulsive 'therapy', forced drugging, tasers, and so
on.  Now, granted, governments might have trouble stopping their individual
agents from committing abuse; but they can quickly denounce and sanction
it.  Instead, nearly all of them try to cover it up - there are
*successful*legal defences that something is not torture because it is
intended for some
other purpose (restraint, treatment or whatever); because it is abusive, but
not quite abusive enough; or simply an inability to prove that such things
have happened - an inability reproduced over dozens or hundreds of cases by
a lack of sufficient response to the problem.
*"You are certainly entitled to your opinion. But the rest of us are
entitled to our legal frameworks."*
No, you aren't.  For the same reason that the slave-owner is not entitled to
keep his 'property'.
Your friends in the judiciary are *not* entitled to make up what words mean
as they go along, from the standpoint of sovereignty.  They are not entitled
to do this because it is a fundamental crime against language.  They are not
entitled to do this because it concentrates in a gesture of despotic
sovereignty a function which properly belongs to all the users of speech.
They are not entitled to do this because tricking people into conforming
people by telling them they have rights and then taking the rights away
through technical interpretation is a fraud, creating a false appearance of
legitimacy based on a concession, a ground, which is not in fact respected.
And they are not entitled to do this because it leads to oppressive effects
- because people are getting their heads bashed because of the actions of
these judges, in a constant war by the state against society.  You're not
ethically entitled to support them because in doing so, you contribute a
resource of legitimacy to these people - you are performatively inciting
them to their acts of violence, just as if you were saying that a certain
group of people should be slaughtered, or calling for acts of war against
someone else.  Nobody should lock you up or censor you for holding these
views, because the ethical mode of response to oppressive ideologies is
ethical not repressive.  Yet I would add that *your* people are quite
prepared to jail people for less - Omar Abdul-Rahman for example is serving
a life sentence for a speech-act in the same class as own.
*'The Constitution references patents.  The UN has numerous documents,
treaties and conventions on the protection of intellectual property.  The
Declaration has Article 17 which has numerous times been discussed in terms
of both physical and intellectual properties.'*
If the rights in the Declaration are basic rights, they have primacy over
the 'documents, treaties and conventions'.  Of course the UN, which is
basically a quasi-state, has signed up to and taken part in many absolutely
indefensible things - the genocidal sanctions regime against Iraq for
example.  The crucial point regarding rights is the gap which separates
these persistent violations from the principles which are *supposed* to
guide and limit the more specific policies, and which provide a firm basis
for *immanent rejection of the contingent order*, not by anarchists but *by
properly ethical liberals*.  (Though of course it is also crucially relevant
to the question of whether these rights would be better protected by liberal
or anarchist social relations).
Article 17 'Everyone has the right to own property' says precisely *nothing
*about *what *might be construed as property.  Its main point appears to be
to stop states from arbitrarily dispossessing people - to rule out things
like asset forfeiture and eminent domain.  Though, it also seems to imply
that everyone is entitled to a basic income, since otherwise they may be
rendered unable to own property.  Everyone should have a home, and someone
who collects items of personal sentimental value should not have them stolen
or smashed up by thugs in riot gear...  All pretty fair as basic rights,
however much I want to do away with the idea of property.
Article 1, section 8 of the US Constitution says that Congress *may* grant
patents (to aid the teleological goal of progress) - not that anyone has a *
right* to intellectual property.  The *limited duration* rules out that it's
a right.  Congress's exercise of its power to grant patents is circumscribed
by the rest of the Constitution - it couldn't justify doing anything that
violated any other part.
Trying to define either of these as *mandating* an idea of *intellectual
property* and rendering it *equal to or greater than *the basic rights
recognised in each document, is really an exercise worthy of the pigs of
Animal Farm.
*"See also article 20...no one may be compelled to be in an association..."*
Which has nothing to do with anything here...  Except maybe that requiring
that someone associate with a company that implements certain DRM measures
to the satisfaction of content providers as a condition of accessing the
content is a (mild) form of coercion into being in an association with the
And here's the problem...  Once liberals who really believe in authoritarian
states get their hands on rights regimes, they start coming up with absurd,
non-literal interpretations to interpret whatever regime they want as
justified by rights which quite clearly go against them.
*"No one needs a phone.  If you don't like the system, don't participate"*
And here we have an ethical double-bind.  Because the kind of denunciations
you make are directed at all those who object, including those whose
objection is exercised simply by not participating.
The problem is that the availability and pervasiveness of certain
items *changes
the entire social field*.  This can make it very hard not to participate - a
lot harder than if these items did not exist.  What's more, the fact that
they exist *in the form they do* creates strong pressures,
path-dependencies, against other, better forms emerging.  Not an absolute
block, but a strong negative pressure.
Let us take a case where a local pub decides to ban black people.  This was
formerly legal in a lot of the global North, and very common; it is now
illegal, on grounds of oppression.  The argument you make here could *and
is/was* also made in defence of such practices - it is the business owner's
choice who he lets in, and if you don't like it, go somewhere else.  But
this has knock-on effects of structural exclusion, which were eventually
recognised.  First off, as long as most customers are not banned, and do not
object to the ban on black people, the fact that a few black people and a
few anti-racists decide not to participate has little effect on those
engaged in the oppressive practice.  Secondly, the fact that this pub
exists, and is meeting the existing demand from, say, 90% of the potential
customers, is itself a structural block against the appearance of another
pub which might meet the needs of, say, 99% or 100% of potential customers.
The existence of the oppressive institution occupying a market niche makes
it systemically difficult or even impossible for a non-oppressive
institution to be commercially successful, even though in a direct
comparison it would give rise to greater utility and have greater profits.
Thirdly, the structural effect, assuming there is only one pub in town, or
that all the pubs have the same policy, is in effect that black people are
banned from drinking in pubs - it is *exactly the same at the level of
effect* as if it was a government policy.  Fourthly - even if we assume
there is, say, one niche bar which caters to black people (and
anti-racists), the net effect of the policy is structural segregation *across
society* - institutional discrimination.  Black people would miss out on
social networking which would have knock-on effects, might be viewed with
prejudice because they are rarely encountered in common leisure spaces,
Eventually, due to a massive mobilisation against racism, huge campaigns of
civil disobedience, mass inner-city uprisings, and a wave of radical groups
threatening the status quo, the state stopped defending the privilege of the
owner to engage in racist discrimination.  This has so far only been
admitted as an *exception*.  But the conditions for the recognition are *
general*.  The *same* forms of structural inequity arise *whenever* a
company engages in practices which restrict who can use its products or
which produce ethical refusal.  Of course there are variations in how strong
the effect is, how serious the problem.  But the point is that the case of
racial discrimination *disproves* the objection that the right to not
participate (the right to boycott) renders objectionable corporate practices
legitimate.  This objection is disproven *in all cases*, because the same
problems arise in every case: market share dominance (always a potential
even when not a fact) can impose the same effects as a state ban;
path-dependency in oppressive institutions precludes the emergence of more
inclusive institutions; and the inability to use a particular space or
resource has knock-on effects for other forms of social inclusion.  (Worse:
in some cases the *allowing* of some oppressive measure in fact
*precludes*the existence of more inclusive alternatives, because the
oppressive measure
gives some kind of unfair market advantage - as when an oppressive measure
has a large effect on vulnerability to losses from crime for instance).
Here is another problem: your recognition of others' right to boycott can
only be exercised if people disagree with your parallel recognition of the
entitlement of companies to do as they like.  The pressures against the
ethically objectionable practice are only exercised *because people take the
act of the company to be wrong in principle, and not to be something it has
an entitlement to do*.  If one is convinced that something like auto-editing
of your data is ethically permissible and a legitimate choice of the
company, one isn't going to decide not to buy the product.  It's only if one
thinks or feels on some level that it's wrong (even if simply the ethical
reaction that it creeps you out) that one will refuse.
Another problem.  Someone with a comprehensive ethical orientation is going
to have fundamental objections to an awful lot of what is 'on offer' today.
It is still possible to do without a mobile phone.  But what if one also has
objections to all the most common brands, to ecologically destructive
massified agriculture, to exploitative landlords, to the common unethical
lending practices of banks...  one soon ends up having to withdraw from most
of social life.  Which does indeed happen in the case of some autonomous
activists, and a number of small religious sects.  The point being that
these people *are* under *immense *pressure to come into the fold of normal
conformist social life, mainly through the unavailability of alternative (or
unused) resources, the criminalisation of various alternative forms of
practice, and the pressure of systems such as the benefits system.  While
the sacrifice of one or another oppressive technology may seem a legitimate
choice to impose on people, *it adds up* - the total effect someone has to
take on board to boycott *all* the objectionable items is immense.
Another point.  There may well be certain social niches where one
*does*need a phone to survive - suppose that unemployment benefit
claimants are
meant to be on-call at all times, and if necessary are provided with a
mobile phone (I've heard rumours this happens in parts of Britain).  Or
suppose they need a phone to get a particular job.  If they refuse on
ethical grounds to carry a phone, they will be denied the job; they will
then be considered voluntarily unemployed and will lose their benefits.  In
these cases, if they submit to the pressures they *are* forced to have a
phone.  And if they don't, they will have to subsist some other way which is
most likely criminalised.
*"But don't expect support when you decide what the rules should be without
due process and the instruments of society unless you are willing to suffer
the consequences when society finds you anti-social."*
And here we see the totalitarianism underlying your position clearly
exposed...  'society' as an integral whole, its enemies as 'anti-social', *
gemeinschaftsfremde*, enemy of the people.
What you are talking about here is *social war* - the war of one group (the
included) against another (the excluded).  The included claim to be
'society', but they are simply one part - at most the majority (more often,
the privileged).  The included demand to have everything 100% their way, and
to not recognise any rights which pertain to the minority.  When this
happens - when a dominant group declares war on its out-group(s) - the
effect is that *there is no longer a society in which the decision is made*.
Rather, there are *two societies* - one of which subordinates the other.
The effect is no different to if a large country invades a small one and
then holds a plebiscite on the invasion.  The large country's voters embrace
the invasion so it passes the vote.  But of course it does not thereby
become justified - it is not a matter of what a majority wants within a
single society, but of one society subordinating another.  *It is exactly
the same whenever conditions of social peace are breached.*  This isn't
about rules.  It's about social relations.  People don't have any legitimate
entitlement to oppress other people, whatever social system they live in.
If a system is oppressive, one is ethically entitled, indeed obliged, to
resist it.  Such things can be deduced very simply from the conditions for
social peace.
At the level of predictable effects, it is of course true that evil statists
will engage in violent war against movements for emancipation, and this is a
risk which needs to be managed however possible, by developing strategies of
effective action, ways of forcing the state to legalise things, of getting
away without being caught, and of imposing costs which make the state think
twice about repression.  A risk faced similarly by liberals, who find
themselves living in fascist or Stalinist societies, who will similarly be
declared enemies of the people and will take exactly the same stance as I
have: that they deserve support in their struggles against injustice, that
they have no obligations to the mechanisms of an unjust social order, and
that the so-called 'consequences' (which are in fact *the actions of others*)
are both unjust and *ethically void*.  This is of course a strategic field,
not an ethical field.  But the crucial point is that it is justified to do
whatever is necessary to actualise rights and to resist the fascistic logic
of sovereignty.
So, let us turn your *THREAT* against me upside down.  Don't expect to go
around labelling people as *gemeinschaftsfremde* and still think you will
keep social peace.  Don't expect to get away with worshipping your rules and
processes regardless of their effects on people's rights, and not face the
wrath of the excluded in insurrection against the global order.  Your very
discourse, your insistence that the sovereign decision of the in-group is
justified whatever it decides, is a declaration of war on difference and on
the excluded.  You may contain the revolt for a time and in a place, but you
will never win this war, because it is inherent to your own discourse, your
way of constructing 'society'.  So you will never be free of having to look
over your shoulder the latest Bond villain of the global order, for the
shadow of your own violence.  This is not a threat.  Whether or not I
ethically approve of the effects that inevitably emerge from this structural
matrix is utterly irrelevant.  What is relevant is that *you do this to
yourself*.  It is the shadow cast by your despotic sovereign which produces
its social symptom.
And don't even get me started on the *difference between society and the
state* - the fact that the processes of which you speak are processes of *the
state* and not of society - that the *gemeinschaftsfremde *is not really an
enemy of 'society' (a network of relations which has boundaries but cannot
logically have enemies) but of the state.
Your fetishism for sovereignty - for *who* decides rather than *what* they
decide - leads to an abject amoralism in practice - it logically means for
instance: genocide suddenly becomes right simply because the minority want
it, and the majority sent to the gas chambers should not resist their fate
because it's been decided by 'due process'.  It logically means *the radical
denial of the 'right to have rights'* - every single practice and attribute
you hold dear, your way of life, your relationship to your family and
friends, your political views, your work, your hobbies, even your very life
- become contingent on *the whim of the sovereign* - they can be taken away
in a second because the majority has suddenly developed a prejudice against
them, because they are inconvenient for whoever has the ear of the
politicians or because some judge on some whim has chosen to read something
sideways.  You have chosen for yourself the status of *potential bare life*,
of being treated as *nothing*, by choosing not to posit rights which can be
held *against sovereignty and procedures*.
And if you hate yourself enough to assign yourself such an abject position *and
imagine it to be just*, perhaps I am hoping too much in thinking you can be
persuaded to recognise the rights of others.

@_date: 2010-02-04 13:20:34
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
"The only way to impose open and free in a world where many if not most
individuals wish to protect their creations would be through dictatorial
All that would be needed is to *not prevent* others from copying.  This is a
net *reduction* in the level of coercion.
Someone could still opt to keep whatever they do private, or not disseminate
it very widely, and thereby 'protect their creations' if they really wanted
to do so.  What they couldn't do is demand anything from other people in
return for not sharing.
Moderate IP would be massive progress from the current system, but there are
going to continue to be systematic ethical problems with a system which
effectively encourages, and rewards, people who are scarcity-oriented and
Perhaps what you have in mind is the impossibility of suppressing petty
commodity production?  I don't see petty commodity production as at all
comparable to massified capitalism.  I think massified capitalism requires a
general condition of scarcity which puts it in contradiction with 'free and
open' models as such - firstly it has to constantly reproduce a condition in
which most people are *forced* to work or produce for money, and secondly it
tends to concentrate resources and distribute them in favour of those who
conform to its basic logic.  Petty commodity production is a different
matter because it can in principle be an element of all kinds of assemblages
in which 'free and open' might also be a part.  For instance, a peasant
household (assuming they aren't involved in wage labour, migrant labour,
cash-cropping or state patronage - which they most often are, but in a very
subordinate position) will often be found to be subsisting on what they grow
in a subsistence modality, partitipating in collective practices such as
village feasts on a 'free and open' model, and also occasionally taking
surplus or craft items to market for sale, or selling informally within the
village.  Petty commodity production is, indeed, rather resilient, and
embedded in everyday life, so trying to suppress it *by law* would lead to
dictatorial measures.  There are, however, ways that it can be and is
ethically managed through 'moral economy' in everyday life, in particular to
ward off disproportionate concentrations of wealth.  The usual way of
managing this, is that the relatively wealthy accrue obligations to
relatives and others connected through affinity, and obligations to meet
collective costs for feasts and the like; these obligations increase
cumulatively and eventually geometrically with increases of income above the
top end of what is considered a decent level of income; someone who tries to
opt out of these obligations is likely to be judged negatively and quite
possibly to lose all their trade, or have to trade on inferior terms, as
well as possibly facing other diffuse sanctions.  It's a form of diffuse
ethical influence through the ethical motivation of choices of degrees of
affinity, with trade treated as a type of affinity to which such ethical
criteria are relevant.  I wouldn't call this 'dictatorial' (its effect is to
reduce concentrate power), but I wouldn't really call it the suppression of
petty commodity production either.  Technically it should be compatible with
a liberal or libertarian ethics - pressure is exerted through legitimate
means such as trading decisions - though in practice capitalists find it
very scary and try to outlaw it (the US in the early twentieth century had
an offence of interfering with business by organising a boycott; this is
being revived today in laws against animal rights activism).  It could
certainly be abused if the community had the 'wrong' kind of ethics, and its
effect as a barrier against concentration of wealth/power is dependent on
the actual 'moral economy' being sufficiently egalitarian.

@_date: 2010-02-04 13:47:10
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Marco:  Your binaries of metaphysical/speculative on the one hand versus
concrete/experiential on the other are of a type I consider fundamentally
ideological.  I think there is a lot of metaphysics in what you say, but
it's hidden (even from yourself) underneath pseudo-concrete expressions.
The reforms you propose would certainly be a big step forward.  It is often
harder to mobilise people for reforms than for systemic changes, however.
For one thing they are less exciting emotionally, and for another they tend
to be less well-grounded.  Historically, how reforms usually come about
(civil rights/anti-racism, the welfare state, etc) is most often as a
side-effect of the danger of a more systematic break, which the system,
unable to repress, wards off by offering up reforms.  I don't question for
the moment the value of these reforms, but they are ultimately an effect of
strategic manoeuvres of two countervailing and ultimately incommensurable
As for the basic income, it would not be as drastic a change as people
think; a functional (unrecognised) basic income actually existed in most of
Europe until about the 1980s, arising from various needs-based benefit
entitlements, unenforced unemployment and income benefits, and student
grants (which could often be stretched out with minimum activity).  This did
in fact provide a basis for some very interesting cultural experimentation
which now has more limited space.  A basic income would be quite compatible
in principle with a lot of the present system remaining intact, though it
would vastly increase the quality of life and the options available to
marginal people.  I introduced it here, because your argument from scarcity
hinged on a need to pay bills which is conditional on the imposition of
commodified labour.
You're right that I associate copyright mainly with the arts (music,
computer games, films, TV shows, literature and so on).  And that I'm
convinced that motivation in these fields is not sufficiently driven by
direct financial incentives for the abolition of copyright to have much
effect (either because it isn't the main motive - as with poetry - or
because there are other forms of remuneration - as with music concerts,
cinema tickets and TV advertising).  I'm not sure what other kinds of
situations you have in mind.  You mention teaching - but very few teachers
act as businesspeople; most are employees, and are paid for a far broader
range of tasks than just giving lectures (in schooling, the main issue is
emotional management and/or control of children; in universities, a mixture
of interactive engagement such as seminars, and issues of research status).
The abolition of copyright would have no effect on schoolteachers and very
little on university lecturers (provided the status function of publication
remained intact).  Scientific research?  I wonder how much of this is
motivated by profit either - personally I think the role of profit in the
sciences is pretty poisonous anyway.  A lot of the best stuff comes from
universities, governments, and NGOs.  Curiosity or a desire to better the
world are proper motives for scientists, profit is not.  And any gains from
eliminating R&D markups on pharmaceuticals for instance could be recycled
into R&D funding.  Suppose for instance that instead of drug patents, drugs
which would have had markups were subject to a tax, which would be given to
a university-based medical research board to distribute to applicants
through grant applications (feeding extra money into the existing research
grant system).  It's still a kind of rent extraction, but a more equitable
one - and wouldn't it lead to better research overall, than R&D covered by

@_date: 2010-02-04 15:34:57
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Marco, you're still missing the points that:
1) you're only at risk of being 'starved for it' because the current system
is coercive, and
2) you're making a big leap that the abolition of copyright would destroy
any of these sources of income.
You must live a very un-intense life however, if you really would not 'throw
a tantrum' as you put it, at alterations which require you to change your
line of work.  It says very worrying things about the emotional status of
alienated society, that people don't care enough about what they spend most
of their time doing to be emotionally concerned about whether it continues
or not.  It fits quite well with the abstract concepts of bourgeois theory -
people who don't have desires and emotions, only 'interests' and
'preferences' - who might as well be simple computers performing
input-output loops within fixed parameters.  It's a gross misrepresentation
of how most human beings are, but it's a far worse indictment if a few
people have actually been reduced to this sorry state.
The only other thing I want to add, is that you're deploying a deeply
dangerous concept of 'society', as if it were a unitary thing which can have
'interests', be 'damaged', etc.  Society is a set of relations.  These
relations are diverse.  The people in the relations are diverse.  While a
particular relation or a particular person can be damaged, to speak of
'damage to society' is fallacious.  And dangerous, because it leads to
people being declared enemies of society.  The general good of society is
the cop in your head.

@_date: 2010-02-04 15:41:23
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Ryan, I find your style of argument offensive too.  You called me an enemy
of the people and called for me to be treated accordingly.  In my book
that's about as offensive as it gets.
But I tire of this too.  We have reached a dead-end I think.

@_date: 2010-01-01 13:26:14
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jimmy Wales against on-line culture of violence 
But the danger is, who decides what counts as "uncivil"?
These standards often vary culturally, subculturally, along lines of
psychological difference, etc.
There's a real problem in terms of certain sites becoming unsafe spaces
because of persistent abuse, and there's sometimes issues with bullying
(such as cyberstalking).  But there is a *massive* gap between what's taken
as 'uncivil' in dominant Anglo-American discourses expressing middle-class
hegemony, and what actually creates unsafe spaces.
At present, a far bigger problem is that owners/moderators on most sites
have a huge amount of arbitrary power and very few if any constraints on how
they use it.  They abuse very generic terms and conditions regarding
rudeness, abuse etc for purposes such as political censorship, protecting
themselves from legitimate criticism, taking sides in fights, or shutting
out nuisance but legitimate contributions.  This also creates unsafe spaces,
and since it isn't usually apparently until one has been on a site or list
for awhile, it is also extremely 'dangerous' - a new user has to put in
considerable investment before they encounter the problem.
There is a big danger of indirect, neurotic speech-codes being favoured over
direct, immanent and immediatist speech-codes; and of emotionally repressed,
passive-aggressive personalities being favoured over people who express
emotions in a more direct way.
There is another big danger of 'harassment' or 'bullying' in the full sense
being confused with simple rudeness, insults, etc.  Harassment and bullying
occur in the context of oppressive relationships, and it is the relationship
which gives meaning to the specific action.  Crucially, the action is
necessarily non-reciprocal.  It is also usually targeted at a vulnerable
other, and is persistent and repeated over time.  Hence it's quite different
to calling someone a name in annoyance - which can occur in all kinds of
relational contexts - as frankness on a horizontal field, as rebellion by a
subordinate, as a speech-code specific to a subculture, etc.  If
'harassment' or 'bullying' are redefined as any kind of non-positive action,
this not only trivialises them massively at the expense of real victims, but
also empowers bullies to find new means to abuse the rules - for instance,
through passive aggression (such as the misuse of reporting/informing in
contexts where everyone breaks the rules, or provoking predictable reactions
which can then be reported).
Another point.  If people are always (falsely) nice to each other (without
meaning it), nobody knows who likes them and who doesn't.  Niceness loses
its meaning.  If everyone is being nice out of social conformity, nobody
knows when someone is being nice for real.  It turns an emotionally
communicative gesture into an empty phatic gesture, and hence impoverishes
language.  Social life becomes all the more anxiety-inducing because nobody
knows if others being nice are doing it for real or because of the rules.
There are endless cases where someone will make a basically oppressive or
intolerant remark, and when the victim of this remark gets angry, it is the
victim who is punished - because the offensiveness of the oppressive remark
is a subject of "sanctioned ignorance".  Right-wingers and bigots (and
authoritarian personalities wherever they are politically) tend to be very
closed-minded, and speak in a blunt, dismissive tone which is obviously
going to offend and upset anyone on the other side - but they stop short of
the kind of stuff that other right-wingers would recognise as offensive.
They basically get away with provoking people and then getting other people
into trouble.  The problem is, it's built into how they think - they
function on outrage, on certainty in their own naturalised assumptions, on
seeking to defend the integrity of their own unsteady identity by creating
and policing border-lines.  If they participate (and there's a few of this
type in all parts of the political spectrum), they are going to cause
incivility without meaning to (they treat people like idiots, so they're
bound to get called an idiot in response sometimes).  They aren't usually
doing it on purpose, but blaming the victims who get annoyed with these
people and their oppressive discursive tactics, so as to create a false
appearance of "civility" which covers up the fundamental antagonism, is
simply empowering them further.
Another difficulty: to have 'civility' rules without them turning into the
imposition of a worldview and favouring of conformists, one would need to be
able to identify anything which is oppressive or creates an unsafe space for
others.  This requires a *lot* more critical literacy than the overwhelming
majority of people, including those who moderate websites, have today.
A lot of sites also use disproportionate responses.  For instance, bans and
even IP blocks are quite widely used for all kinds of trivial "offences".
This could cause massive psychological damage to people who are regular
users of a site and who could suffer trauma, loss of online friends, etc.
People suffering from wrongful banning are just as much victims and suffer
just as much as people who are harassed online, I strongly suspect.
A related problem is the "sphere of legitimate dissent" problem - this can
really distort political appearances.  In the British media, this means that
all kinds of hateful right-wing garbage gets onto pretty much all the
comment threads of national newspapers, but leftist comments deemed
offensive to the political sensibilities of the in-group are deleted.
People are allowed to incite racism and human rights violations, to call for
a thousand kinds of cruel punishments, to endorse torture, to advocate for
the BNP, to call multiculturalism a "failure", to call for the Internet to
be banned, sometimes even to completely misrepresent what's just been
reported in the article, and yet something as modest as questioning the
designation of rebels who target Chinese paramilitary police as
"terrorists", or suggesting that people who call for banning the hijab are
inciting racism, will be deleted rather than published.
A big problem is that, since these policies are done on the sly, it is very
hard to prove that they exist, and spaces often have an appearance of being
free and open discussions when in fact they are constrained in a great many
ways.  It looks like the right-wing bilge that's getting through is a fair
cross-section of opinion, or as if everyone agrees with the editorial line,
etc.  It isn't only a kind of propaganda, it's a kind of 'black' propaganda
in which the distorted message is very cleverly made to seem neutral.
There is also an even worse version, found especially in online gaming and
some networking sites, where sites will develop ways of profiling
'suspicious' activity which leads to user bans, punishments or warnings, but
which in fact is catching a lot of innocuous activity and hence is grossly
unfair (see for instance: Facebook users banned "for adding too many
friends"; various mechanisms to catch real-world item trading in games).
Someone can put years into building up a character, and build up an
extensive community of friends in-game (who they are often required by game
rules to keep in-game), only to lose it all overnight, for being wrongly
profiled for something they didn't do.  It must be devastating, particularly
for the small proportionof players who for reasons of disability, mainly
connect to the world online - I'm surprised there haven't been reports of
suicides over this (though I suspect it's because there's a secret rule that
if someone threatens suicide, their account is reinstated).
Thus, from a whole range of points of view - as matters of free speech, *and
also* as matters of equality, of avoiding discrimination against minorities,
of avoiding propagandist manipulation, of preventing misrepresentation of
sites, of protecting consumer rights of web users, of creating safe spaces,
of not encouraging insidious neuroses, of not empowering oppressors, of
avoiding deterring people from online activity - the stick needs to be bent
*the other way*, towards a vast reduction in tolerance for censorious abuses
and perhaps even "banning" some of the more obviously abusive.  This is hard
to see how to do without stifling freedom, but I could imagine a ratings
system for websites/lists where cases of alleged abuse could be posted and
investigated, similar to consumer rights in other fields; or where reputable
discussion sites would be expected to display a symbol like the Kite mark,
which is voluntary but provides certain guarantees for users (things like
proportionality, clarity of rules, right to criticise moderators,
non-discrimination, etc).
It's a matter of priorities, because harassment and exclusion-by-flaming are
also harmful, but framing the question wrongly, or emphasising this priority
at the expense of far bigger issues, can do a lot of harm.
PS:  Before anyone mentions it, I reject absolutely the absurd
American/neoliberal view that owners/moderators have a right to do what they
like by some analogy with owned property in real life (or for that matter
the view that owners of privately-owned public-use spaces in real life
should have privileges at all similar to those of owners of personal spaces)
- if someone creates a public space accessible to strangers, they are
providing a service for use (regardless of their motive for doing so), and
therefore, the legitimacy of their privilege is absolutely dependent on the
quality, inclusiveness, etc., of the service.  Exclusion, prohibition, etc.,
are always VERY serious matters which cannot be handled trivially or at
whim, because of their real effects in terms of constructing dominatory and
inegalitarian social relations.  Hence at present, there is a very big
problem of accountability, or possibility of reciprocal response, or
possibility of diffuse sanctioning for oppressive actions.
PPS:  I'm not talking here about cases where a group/list/etc is
specifically set up for a particular group (e.g. is right-wingers only,
anarchists only, dog lovers only) - I'm talking about cases where something
is portrayed as open discussion but is in fact closed in clear ways.  It's
the difference between segmenting space and hegemonising space.

@_date: 2010-01-02 19:15:29
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jimmy Wales against on-line culture of violence 
I've not had any reasons to complain about moderation here, it's things
which have happened on other lists which have basically got me to the point
of not posting much to elists and forums at all anymore.  The problems have
been of two very specific types: the first is when people treat me in an
insulting way and I respond in kind, and the second involves having to deal
with people with explicitly oppressive views in areas about which I have
strong feelings.  Sometimes it's just a matter of rash reactions on the spur
of the moment, but I also believe strongly that there is a right to
interrupt a dominant discourse when it is operating to exclude or silence,
and that the oppressed have a right to be angry about oppression.  I have
found this stance running up against what I consider to be empty obsessions
with form and appearance on numerous occasions.  When faced with certain
kinds of oppressive discourse, I really cannot respond "civilly", it would
cause me tremendous inner pain to try to hold back; the choice is either to
respond forcefully or to leave the discussion (and usually the list).
Because of a lot of clumsy, heavy-handed, or sometimes downright biased and
oppressive moderating, I've basically gone from a position of contributing
frequently to a wide range of elists to generally avoiding doing so.  I've
also seen it from the other side, from trying to moderate on lists I've set
up myself or been invited to co-moderate.  I felt the ease with which one
can change members' status, ban people, etc creates a great temptation to
abuse power which I myself have had to resist in cases where someone is
annoying me.  The point being that I was able to resist the temptation only
because of a strong ethical position of anti-authoritarianism and because of
my own bad experiences with other people acting the way I was tempted to
The  transcendentalist idea of a situationally-nonspecific set of
speech-prohibitions tends to operate in the opposite direction, to
de-inhibit or even to encourage abuse.  I don't have a problem with people
trying to stop overtly oppressive speech-acts (racism for instance), or with
trying to stop obviously off-topic discussions, or commercial spamming, or
even blatant trolling.  But I disagree with the idea that it should be taboo
to engage in conflict (verbal or otherwise) simply because it is conflict.
Mediation of conflicts is more ethical and more effective than prohibition
of conflicts.  It is also extremely well established that speech-norms vary
greatly across communities, and that there are some fairly common
psychological conditions which alter communicative social action
drastically, including causing people to unknowingly insult others or to be
unaware of and unable to internalise conventional niceties.  Talking to
participants (on-list or off), establishing why they're reacting in certain
ways, is absolutely crucial here.  But the dominant impulse today is to
apply a very dangerous rule- or taboo-based approach which looks at whether
technicalities of external appearance match some previous schema of the
observer.  Of course the observer ends up thereby reproducing the
transcendent standpoint of the despotic-signifier or the sovereign.  Hence,
the point can't be to enforce some general code of proper speech; the point
has to be to pay precise attention to the power-dynamics and social
relations emerging in each situation, so as if possible to transform a
conflict into something more productive, or if that is not possible, to
identify oppressors and oppressed so as to be taking sides based on the real
(rather than fantasmatic-ideological) content of the situation.  The whole
problem would quite possibly disappear if people were more broadly
culturally literate and better at reading the relational content of
situations.  But there are very strong discursive forces supporting
inappropriate ways of relating to conflict.  Actually, I think that conflict
has replaced sex as the central taboo underpinning socio-psychological
repression in contemporary capitalism.  So we have to be very careful to
treat with caution any statement which seems to reproduce such taboos.
There are skills which can make people less conflictual conversants, but
there are also skills which can make people better mediators and better at
holding temporary 'leadership' positions without slipping into
authority-modalities.  I doubt we'll ever reach a situation where everyone
participating in discussions online has the former set of skills, but with
appropriate ethical dispositions, it might be possible to reach a point
where respectable and credible moderators have the latter set of skills (or
where processes of user choice are able to favour those who do).

@_date: 2010-01-03 18:08:24
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
We have a lot of animal peers...  Dogs are the most obvious example, they
seem to see us as part of their pack, which itself is based on a contingent
affinity-power model.  I've heard it argued that without dogs to do our
sniffing for us, humans could never have evolved our brains (which require
that our snouts shrink).  Horses also have a special kind of relationship
with humans over time - and cats would probably question who domesticated
whom.  Bonobo chimps (humans' closest relatives) have a societal form which
is in some respects ideally horizontal.  Then there's the species which seem
to operate solely by collective intelligence, such as ants and bees.
Indigenous societies tend to view all of nature as something like a
peer-to-peer web.  And spookily, the major monotheist religions all
developed ethical taboos against eating some of the more intelligent animal
species (dogs, pigs, monkeys) way before modern science established their
intelligence - perhaps they're a little too human-like for comfort?
There's a certain ethical break between theories which operate on a
horizontalist, egalitarian and networked basis, but restricted to humans
(with the rest of existence viewed as "resources"), and those which attempt
to extend the horizontal network of equals into existence as a whole -
eco-anarchism, animal liberationism, actor-network theory and the like.
Humans are quite resistant to such extension as the big increase in
individual-human choice and power which comes from the former extension is
undercut to some degree by the latter - we don't have to worry about being
accountable to authorities anymore, but suddenly we have to be sustainable,
consume ethically, etc.  I wonder, though, if a horizontal world based
exclusively on humans could ultimately survive.  For one thing, there seems
to be a continuity between relating to nature hierarchically and failing to
pay attention to it - and the latter leads to unsustainability, which is a
problem even from an anthropocentric perspective.  For another, divides
constructing an excluded Other are always rather porous, and the danger of
being "dehumanised" is never far away - all that needs to be done to put
someone outside the horizontal peer-network is to redefine them as
insufficiently human.  I think people also have difficulties with the
extension because the idea of nature as egalitarian or abundant runs up
against a whole history of Darwinist/Malthusian metaphor in human views of
nature, establishing equivalence between processes in nature (predation,
extinction, violence) and processes in capitalism, or in a Hobbesian war of
all against all.  (Ever noticed how TV cavemen are always white, solitary,
violent, and prone to clubbing women over the head?)  An adequate
perspective on nature has to take account of these processes, but the
metaphors in question are not the only way of doing so - Amazonian views of
predation as absorption rather than elimination, and Nietzsche's discussion
of why the sheep should not be preferred to the wolf are among various
contributions which point beyond this particular fantasmatic construction.

@_date: 2010-01-03 22:03:33
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
Well, I suppose it would have to have an intentionality of its own - though
actor-network theorists would maintain that 'objects' have intentionality of
sorts in any case.  People are certainly capable of having relationships
with a car, a games console or an heirloom that people usually reserve for
living beings, though it helps when the 'thing' has a unique personality
and/or a propensity to eccentricity.  Machines are treated very
disrespectfully today along with people, animals and plants.  The commodity
circuit of turnover and discarding is wasteful in an ecological way and
sharply disruptive of people's relationships to their environment, as well
as using 'resources' excessively - the repair - reuse - hoard - upgrade -
redistribute cycle is rather more sustainable.  A machine modified by
someone who relates to it in a craft modality soon takes on a personality of
sorts.  Benjamin's collector and the "redemption" of objects come to mind

@_date: 2010-01-10 21:50:33
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 90 Percent Of Languages Will Be Extinct Next 
A typical imperial position really.
What he doesn't realise is that language is not simply an instrumental means
to communication but part of a way of viewing the world.  The death of a
language is the loss of a way of seeing, hence fundamentally impoverishes
Also, the languages which are being lost are those which are most attuned to
situated knowledge and local perspectives, connected fundamentally to the
biodiversity of particular areas and the complex interrelations of socially
dense lifeworlds.  The ones which are 'taking over' are the ones which
subordinate verbs to nouns, the ones most suited to a reified view of the
world and to instrumentalised, reductive social relations.  This is why they
are 'competing' well in a global system geared to reification and
I doubt that the indigenous peoples most marginal to global capitalism would
view themselves as victims of impoverishment through exclusion, rather than
of cultural genocide and dispossession.  A lot of them have good reasons to
not want to be part of the rat-race.  Economic calculations often make big
mistakes by failing to distinguish subsistence (having enough to survive)
from poverty.  Subsistence societies appear as extremely poor because little
of their economy is monetised and they 'lack' large quantities of consumer
goods - but this is compensated by having enough to live, having 'dignity'
as defined culturally, and having a lot of what might be called
'qualitative' goods.  Of course, subsistence societies are also being
squeezed in terms of whether they have enough to survive and how much effort
they have to put in to get it - because other people are stealing,
destroying and polluting their lands, and sometimes driving them out with
violence.  Ironically, in being forced from subsistence into sweatshop
labour, cash-crop day-labouring or marginal life in slums or shanty-towns,
formerly subsistence peoples may seem to the economist's gaze to have become
'richer' - their monetary income, though still abysmally low, has most
likely increased.  The trick being that their cost of living has also
increased, their interpersonal security has collapsed and their quality of
life has plummeted.  It may be that this is one of those things which simply
can't be measured, but I daresay human development and subjective happiness
indices tell a truer story.  In any case, citizens of former colonial
countries which are benefitting from globally unequal and unjust
distributions should not be sitting in judgement on other people's lack of
enrichment.  The biggest problems in the global system are still
If this was a theologian arguing that the diversity of world religions will
be replaced by much fewer in the near future - and that one major religion
such as Christianity will dominate the world - and that this is not a bad
thing, we would instantly recognise that he is some kind of religious
I'd suggest reading:
Suckling, K.F. 2000. A House on Fire: Connecting the Biological and
Linguistic Diversity Crises. Animal Law 6:193-202.
and Shiva, 'Monocultures of the Mind'.
Incidentally, on a similar note, the phenomenon of the 'incommunicable'
seems to increase as the diversity of languages decreases.  Metropolitan
societies have this difficulty in a variety of forms: as cultural difference
and radical exclusion; as 'madness' and psychological difference; as
difficulties in emotional expression, character-armour, depression; as the
drying-up of creativity; as the constant difficulty of being heard amidst
the bustle of life.  I endorse Guattari's view that capitalism tends to
render the actuality of human life as unwanted 'noise', the better to reduce
life to its own monologue.  And, I daresay that as language homogenises, the
incommunicable expands - the result is that more and more people are
silenced.  Though there are also forces against homogenisation - dialects,
technical languages, hybrid languages, slang, local variations such as
Indian English, perhaps even the growth of programming languages.  Also,
many of the people in the global South who learn Northern languages such as
English and French, continue to speak one or more local languages as well.
There's little sign of, say, Tamazight or Gujarati dying out any time soon.

@_date: 2010-01-12 08:20:49
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Can Marxian Economics Explain the Crisis? 
In Negri's 70s stuff, he argues that value is no longer relevant to
capitalism because of the closure of the passage from formal to real
subsumption - capitalism now sets value arbitrarily, by command.  He's
thinking of things such as Baudrillard's 'sign-value' I think, where value
is extracted based on something akin to rent on symbols.  Spivak has made a
similar argument about the global South and the 'expanded form of value' -
pure value extraction does not exist, capitalism coexists with other social
forms.  This makes it very hard to quantify 'real' value production -
capitalists might be making 'profits' which are only partly profits, and are
partly rents, fictional speculative income, extraction of surplus from non-
or quasi-capitalist economies, etc.
As an analysis of the current phase I'd recommend Arrighi's 'Hegemony
Unravelling' articles.  Basically I'd see the current crisis in terms of a
crisis of hegemony or Kondratieff wave transition which is being dragged out
indefinitely through various accounting tricks (use of fictional capital and
speculation, borrowing on the dollar's strength then devaluing, etc).  In
other words, the world never got out of the 70s recession, it just looked
like some countries did because of retrogressive global redistributons, rent
extraction, and speculation.  The crisis has returned periodically as credit
crises  since then.  The Mexican crisis, the Argentine crisis, the Russian
crisis, the big East Asian collapse, the European ERM crisis, the dotcom
bubble, the Enron crisis, and now this big one.  I thought when it started
that this might be the decisive one, but it looks like most places have
pulled it together again for now.  The way out usually comes from the
emergence of a new hegemon or superpower, but this seems to be blocked at
the moment by the way the US is pulling in finance from emerging markets.

@_date: 2010-01-13 10:43:07
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
TBH I've never come across the textbook pricing scam on this kind of scale
in the UK - textbooks in the subjects I'm familiar with usually cost about
?20 for a book which is often 400 pages or more, and are usually updated
only every few years (so there's a very healthy second-hand market).
Then again, the courses in these topics don't have assigned texts which are
rigidly followed - they either use a range of assigned readings from
different sources, or a rather loose reading list from which students can
select (i.e. students are advised to consult one of a number of competing
texts).  For university level courses, students would normally be expected
to read 'primary' sources instead of textbooks anyway (these are either
sections out of full academic books, academic journal articles, or
It sounds to me like in these other settings, there must be some kind of
corrupt deal between university authorities, course designers (at department
level), and textbook publishers, to require that courses be moulded to a
specific text and that it be required that all students buy it.  There would
also have to be a certain level of 'dumbing down' for university courses to
be taught by textbook rather than primary reading.
Is this a difference between different countries (UK vs US and apparently
Thailand)?  Or perhaps between humanities/social sciences and hard sciences?
Anyway, the file-sharing approach is just one of several available - actual
text sharing and photocopying have been going on for ages.  Even at an
extortionate 10p a sheet, assuming 2 pages per copy, a 250-page book could
be photocopied for ?12.50, a lot cheaper than the ?80-ish equivalent of
The only things I've seen here at anything like ?80 are limited-quantity
hardbacks aimed at the university library market - where I think they are
assuming high budgets, low demand, strong desire to purchase - but also that
a large amount of sharing and copying will go on (basically, next to no
end-users will buy their own copy).  That most of these books are also
semi-available online confirms these suspicions.

@_date: 2010-01-14 05:41:41
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
Not so sure as I agree with the autopilot thing...  Yes, universities as
macro-institutions tend to run systemically, but something like which books
are assigned as readings and how necessary they are for students are not
being set at the macro level, they're being set by each individual lecturer
(of whom there are thousands) - at least, that's how it works in the UK.
So, a lecturer can decide to run the whole course from a textbook which
students are expected to buy - or they can decide to run it from a set of
readings they assign, which might include things which are freely available
(e.g. journal articles the university has free access to online, or
'classic' texts which are out of print).  In many cases they can also make
these texts available to students either as a hardcopy to photocopy or
actually provide a set of photocopies to each student (entirely legal under
"fair use" as long as it's little enough of the full volume).  The lecturers
I know, do take *strongly* into account availability to students when making
such decisions - because no lecturer wants a class full of students who
haven't done the reading, or no-one to turn up because they haven't done the
reading.  The less effort it takes students to get the readings, the higher
the quality of the classes.
There's also BTW a new trend of putting assigned readings on the web instead
of photocopying them for students - most universities no doubt use their
internal networks, but (presumably due to internet incompetence) I've seen
quite a few things leaking out onto the public Internet via course readings.
Michel - point taken, it's still very expensive for someone who's poor -
aren't students often from elite / middle-class backgrounds though?  $40-50
is also very expensive by comparison with mass market paperback fiction and
"pop" science/psychology/etc, which in the UK starts at about $10 new and
rapidly declines to postage price for online second-hand purchases (and less
from second-hand shops).
If photocopying is a lot cheaper then this is sure to have a big impact.
It's rather strange that it's so much cheaper in Thailand, I wonder if this
is typical of the South - maybe Northern photocopy sellers are making huge
markups on cost, or paying some kind of photocopy rent?  Companies seem to
scam horribly on printer ink as well, which also impacts how far people can
rely on online copies (as I've said before, only a minority seem ready to
read long pieces on-screen).  For poor students, reading on screen without
paper might be even cheaper than copying, provided they have computers which
would have to be a big "if".

@_date: 2010-01-15 10:18:20
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
I'm assuming everyone has heard of this?
If not... quite an interesting parallel.
The best-known variant is for the duplication of banned political works, but
I understand it was also used to distribute works which weren't exactly
banned but were not licensed for distribution and not made available.  For
instance, the early Star Wars novels made it into Poland in this form.

@_date: 2010-01-16 22:12:38
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Haiti and debt 
Rather strange to think about Southern debt in terms of someone "having to
pay"...  The debts are mythical rather than real in any case - they cannot
be repaid, they are only ever repaid by further loans, and they serve to
keep countries in a dependency that will most likely prevent them from ever
being able to repay and keep them taking out further loans.  The debt is
most often simply defined as such - it is a product of assumed existential
inferiority.  Default would certainly have redistributive effects, but not
in terms of anyone "paying" - rather, people who might otherwise have
benefited from uneven flow would stop benefiting in future (much the same
way people would have to pay more if trade with the South was fairer).  As
to whether there would be 'less credit in future' - loans to countries are
extremely political.  If there weren't loans, there'd be tied aid, there'd
be something else because it's the only way to keep the South in the global
economy.  The real question is not whether institutions would choose to lend
on market terms, but whether US (or future hegemon) policymakers would be
prepared to see Nigeria or Pakistan become a future Somalia through the
collapse of externally-funded patronage webs, with all this entails in terms
of 'black holes' and 'failed states'.  Writing off debts on grounds of
'odious debt' would not affect further lending to less dictatorial regimes
in any case; if anything it would increase corporate social responsibility.
In any case, an end to further exploitative loans may well be a benefit for
many societies (as opposed to the rich elites).  I doubt it would impoverish
the poorest countries further, and they could spend whatever income they
make on 'untied' public spending.  It's possible the currencies would
collapse, but as long as a country has saleable 'resources' it will find a
way into the commodity economy (c.f. cases of state collapse such as Sierra
Leone).  Politically, the ideal scenario would be for all the big Southern
countries to autoreduce their debts simultaneously, while increasing
connections with one another.
There are other dimensions to the Haiti situation as well:  America has
staged a series of occupations of the country, the longest being from
1915-34.  It was during this period that the Haitian army was created as a
force to suppress the Haitian poor.  The Duvalier dictatorships were thus
basically an American export.  America helped restore democracy in the 90s
but then systematically blocked aid to the Haitian government and hamstrung
its attempts at progressive social reform.  Meanwhile, far-right
paramilitaries and elite business groups received massive aid.  In 2004,
American-armed paramilitaries simulated a crisis and American marines
abducted the democratic president.  Until 2006, Haiti was ruled as a
dictatorship by a neo-Duvalierist regime propped up by UN troops, with
contingents from Canada and France.  UN troops were repeatedly implicated in
massacres, mass arrests and genocide in poor communities (5-10,000 were
killed during these two years).  All the major powers bear a lot of blame
for Haiti's predicament, including the Britain (for security council
involvement) and the UN, but especially America, Canada and France who have
the biggest investments and have interfered most often.
Also, Haiti is internally a deeply stratified society - the second most
unequal country in the world.  This stratification is highly racialised.
Nearly all the business elite are white or mixed-origin, and French or
English speaking, in distinction to the majority.  Until the late 1990s,
rural-origin Haitians had an inferior legal status as 'moun andeyo' or
outsiders.  Haiti is a site for some of the world's cheapest sweatshops,
owing largely to the decimation of the rural economy by the neoliberal
elimination of the internal market (bans on Haitian subsidies combined with
imports of heavily subsidised US products).  For a time in the 1990s, Haiti
was the global sweatshop capital which other extremely low-wage countries
were competing to underprice.  All to the benefit of Northern companies, and
(more rarely) consumers - big chains such as Disney are notorious for their
Haitian wages.  In other words, there have been unjust flows of resources
from Haiti to the North by means of exploitation of poverty.

@_date: 2010-01-17 18:48:18
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
"Even with a highly authoritarian Internet surveillance regime, BTW,
burning CDs or making floppy disk copies of stuff from hard drive and
distributing it by sneakernet would be a massive improvement over the
means available to the Soviet samizdat movement."
Indeed - as it is proving for Chinese and Iranian dissidents among others.
Though, there are limits - North Korea AFAIK has no web connection at all,
the Taleban banned it, Cuba has very limited connectivity (due to the
blockade rather than by choice I've heard), and China shut down the web in
Xinjiang during the unrest last year.  Xinjiang has light enough coverage
that they can pull this trick - it wouldn't be very viable most places -
though I have heard of Northern regimes (Britain, Germany) jamming mobile
phones across entire regions (Britain did it after 7/7, Germany did it to
sabotage anti-nuclear protests).
The difficulty however, may be getting access to computers rather than
getting the data.  The trend in regulation seems to be towards monitoring
cybercafes which are the main means of connection in places like China.

@_date: 2010-01-31 11:11:09
@_author: Andy Robinson 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
TBH I think the original post is spot on.
This isn't just about whether intellectual property is abstractly a good or
bad thing or whether the overall outcome of DRM is beneficial or not.  It's
about dangers of control built into the relationship between users and
technology.  The argument, "it saved the music industry" could as well be
applied to mass executions of file-sharers or their deportation to
Guantanamo Bay.  People in favour of some generic prohibition often become
absolutely fanatical about keeping it in place - look for instance at what
has happened with the drugs war.  Since limits to power will often make it
impossible to enforce whatever prohibitions one happens to think justified,
limits have to be drawn on how far one is prepared to go to enforce them -
otherwise every case of a difficult or impossible to enforce rule will be an
occasion for slippage into totalitarianism.  The result is a need to
distinguish a general frame of restrictions within which social goals can be
pursued from the desirability of the goals themselves, and to prioritise the
former over the latter.  There are limits in the price which can be conceded
for any particular enforcement advantage.  Maintaining basic rights and a
proper balance of power, preventing the powerful from becoming too strong,
is a higher-order issue over the production of desirable aggregative social
The ground zero of this is that the technology in question is wrong.  And
it's creepy, and it's creepy because it's wrong.
Technology which can be remotely told what to do without permission from its
user is scary.
The fact that people using DRM-enabled systems have had files deleted
without their consent is scary.
The reason it is scary is twofold.  Firstly, it has ceased to be a tool in
the hands of the user, and has become an agent of a foreign will.  And
secondly, it gives far too much power to the people who control the
updates.  In short, it violates the right of the user to be in control of
the tool they use.  (I'm drawing here on Illich's use of the term 'tool').
This affects the balance of power in the social field in general.  It's FAR
bigger than the question of whether people should download music for free.
It's about whether people are to be free or enslaved.
This is because the principle which justifies control in this case, would
also justify control in a million other cases - like the hammer (isn't it
worth it if a few murders are prevented, or X amount of criminal damage?)
Of course, once in place the tehcnologies of control will be used for
purposes other than those originally intended.  Some song causes political
controversy (such as the outcry over 'Cop Killer', or the Marilyn
Manson/Rammstein hysteria after Columbine) and the company could be
pressured to delete entirely legal copies for political reasons.  They could
be ordered to turn over records of who was listening to a song later deemed
to correlate with some kind of criminality (like the Patriot Act library
dragnets).  An artist or company could decide to withdraw their work (as
with Lucas's stance on the Holiday Special, and Kubrick's withdrawal of A
Clockwork Orange) and they could pull every copy.  This might happen if a
studio was in dispute with an artist - suddenly the artist would disappear.
And what if Apple ended up in a dispute with a studio?  Again - the entire
catalogue of the studio could disappear (either because Apple withdrew it as
an act in the dispute, or the studio demanded such a measure in court).
This is before we even get onto what the likes of China and Iran could do
with this technology.  It would be far better that the technological
capacity to do such things were to be prevented from being actualised or
A good tool is something for use, like a hammer - not something which has
particular uses built into it.  Pretty much all tools can be put to legal
and illegal uses, or to harmful and harmless uses.  This can't justify the
project of working controls on how tools are used into the tools
themselves.  Would you really want a hammer that would decide what you want
to hit, distinguish corporate-sanctioned uses from non-corporate-sanctioned
uses, and amend its rules on what it could hit without your being able to
veto it, in response to its maker's commands?  Wouldn't a hammer which did
that be rather creepy?  Wouldn't you rather have a regular hammer?
Basically, we don't need technologies making our decisions for us,
distinguishing what uses they want to allow.  It gives far too much power to
the tools, and therefore, to whoever is sending the long-range responses.
Things have already gone too far in this direction with mobile phones.
There's no good reason why calls aren't encrypted, why phones phone in their
location from afar, or why they can be turned on from a distance, or why sim
cards can be disabled from afar.  It all makes political abuse so much
easier, and usefulness so much less.  The only reason it's been allowed is
that it was sneaked in along with the technology when it was introduced, and
then normalised (and in some cases legislated) once it was already
established.  Eventually no doubt, somebody will design mobile phones based
on a distributed model which do just function as tools rather than
surveillance devices, which don't generate records of where you are or who
you're talking to.  And then all hell will break loose because of their
greater functionality.
It's the same problem with iPods and these new things - the convenience of
the technology, and its monopolisation for a short period by a few
companies, and the relative invisibility of its inbuilt constraints,
outweigh the negative impact on functionality.  They aren't playing on
widespread support for DRM, they aren't playing on greater competitiveness
of less-functional technologies.  They're relying on market dominance to
generate enough convenience to outweigh the obvious disadvantages to the
Unless a vast control-regime is established to keep in place this order of
affairs, it will end up being a temporary advantage.  If all of this goes
too far, if reduced functionality becomes a serious inconvenience or if
abuse becomes too visible and creeps people out, we will see people
deserting the new technologies for older ones where they at least know where
they stand.  A radio may have less functionality than an ipod but it won't
tell anyone what you're listening to.  But people wouldn't have to go that
far.  They'd just have to opt for older systems with greater functionality.
Notice how Microsoft have basically been forced to revive Windows, because
people preferred XP to Vista in spite of the latter's add-ons.
