
@_date: 2009-12-11 15:30:03
@_author: Liam Rattray 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Development for Climate Change 
Good afternoon all,
Some of you who are following the UNFCCC climate negotiations may know
that there is currently an impasse between "developed" (i.e. US & EU)
and "developing" (i.e. China and India) over intellectual property
rights and the transfer of technologies for climate change mitigation
and adaptation. I put quotes around develop* because it begs the
question of who is "developing" and what we're "developing" towards.
I think that open source R&D, licensing and commercialization of what
the UNFCCC calls "environmentally-sound technologies (EST)" can
provide an alternative to the proprietary intellectual property
licensing vs. compulsory (state-mandated) licensing of EST for
diffusion and absorption of these technologies in deprived communities
in both developed and developing nations.
I released my working paper on Open Source Development and Climate
Change with a paper, "How Open Source Development Can Resolve the
Intellectual Property Conflict in UNFCCC Negotiations: A Bipartisan
Technology Transfer Pathway" yesterday and I would like to hear what
people think about my arguments and proposals.
In it I propose an Open Development Fund to be administered by the
UNFCCC to provide grants to networked collaborative research and
development immunities like the Factor E Farm in Missouri that create
"environmentally-sound technologies" that provide for greenhouse gas
mitigation and climate adaptation as part of an overall bipartisan
(Annex-I and G77+China) proposal for Open Source
Development. This fund would make equity investments or mesocredit
business loans in local businesses that commercialize the open sourced
technologies developed by communities affiliated with the fund. In
this respect the necessary economic and information linkage between
target communities and research communities would be fostered.
One way or another I want to build a p2p development fund, be it
either through an international governmental body, like the UNFCCC,
which could provide for an immediate flush of funds or through an
independent non-profit which would spend many years building up the
endowment it relies on to provide funding.
Liam Rattray
Undergraduate Research Assistant, Technology Policy and Assessment Center
School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology
liamratt at gmail.com

@_date: 2009-12-13 18:58:23
@_author: Liam Rattray 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open patents for development 
Intellectual property rights conflict between the 2/3rds world (China,
India, Indonesia, the interests of deprived everywhere, etc) and core
hyper-industrialized governments (Brown and Obama administrations et
al.) through the World Trade Organization's (WTO) Trade Related
aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs) Agreement, an
international treaty, have focused on many technologies including
low-carbon tech. Most contentious are pharmaceuticals. The TRIPs
agreement only provides for compulsory licensing, or state-mandated
licensing, of drugs for generic low-cost production in cases of
"emergency." Thailand has used compulsory licenses to do just this for
HIV/AIDs drugs. G77+China is negotiating to extend this compulsory
licensing to climate technologies because, for the 2/3rds world,
climate change is an emergency.
Don't blame the oppressed for the wrong-doings of the powerful.
Developing nations don't have much room for negotiating and if they
have to choose between no financing for climate change adaptation and
neo-imperial financing for climate change mitigation and adaptation
then they will clearly choose the later. An Open Development Fund
provides an alternative that doesn't directly destroy the neo-imperial
nature of the flexible mechanism and intellectual property regimes
imposed on developing countries and does create the possibility for
funds to be used to actually benefit the 2/3rds world. Because it
doesn't pose a direct threat to the hegemony of the core
government-corporate complex it is possible that the Open Development
Fund proposal could be ratified by the Parties of the UNFCCC. If not,
then I'll call up George Soros and start a non-profit.
In solidarity,
Liam Rattray
