
@_date: 2010-04-19 11:35:13
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Pen-l] The Logic of Monitoring Workers 
Are computers getting smarter, or merely faster? - are humans getting
smarter at using them, but for ever more repressive purposes? - as human
society and existence is becoming ever more embedded in the logics of
computers (and technologies as such), does it make more sense to speak
of human beings becoming clockwork oranges, rather than to speak of
computers beconing intelligent, - i.e. are humans approximating the
intelligence level of computers at least as much as computers can be
said to be getting "smarter"?
These are some of the questions I would ask, in these times of
technological fetishism..... (that some degrees of sharing and
collaboration among the technological elite is taking place that warrant
some examination need no further mentioning on this list, obviously -
while the ecological impact of those activities warrant a lot of
examination, but so far remains largely unacknowledged, - hence the
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: Progressive Economics Juan Gonzalez published a fascinating article about New York's
over-priced, dysfunctional computer system that pointed to a number of
problems with the world we live in.
First of all, the system, like many complex computer systems, does not work.
Second, 230 consultants are getting an average salary of $400,000.
Finally, one of the great ironies is that the system is supposed to keep
track of ordinary workers ordinary workers to make sure that they are
not overpaid.
Gonzalez, Juan. 2010. "'Consultants' Getting $722M from City for Coomed
CityTime Computer Project." New York Daily News (26
  "The city is paying some 230 "consultants" an average salary of
$400,000 a year for a computer project that is seven years behind
schedule and vastly over budget.  The payments continue despite Mayor
Bloomberg's admission the computerized timekeeping and payroll system --
called CityTime -- is "a disaster"."  Eleven CityTime consultants rake
in more than $600,000 annually, with three of them making as much as
$676,000, city records obtained under a Freedom of Information request
"The 40 highest-paid people on the project bill taxpayers at least
$500,000 a year.  These enormous salaries are coming out of a $139
million extension to the CityTime contract that began July 1 and runs to
September 30.  Some of the consultants have been working at these rates
for as long as a decade.  Take, for example, Brian Fallon, a CityTime
"project manager." The Science Applications International Corp., which
employs Fallon and supplies the consultants, charged $653,554 for his
services in 2009.  When the Daily News approached Fallon, 40, this week
outside his home in Belle Mead, N.J., he declined to say what he does to
merit such a fat check."
More at:

@_date: 2010-08-10 13:34:02
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] criticizing zeitgeist movement and venus project 
For info:
There has been a discussion of Zeitgeist among students:
here are also some comments:
Briefly -
expert on

@_date: 2010-08-12 13:43:11
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Compromise? Submission to Process = Temporary 
This is not "process" of the kind that leads to reconcillitation or
resolution. It is one of the central actors in the conflict setting the
scene in a rhetorical/subjective fashion.
If there is to be a "process", then someone else will have to step in -
someone with at least the grace and skills to act "neutrally", even if
they aren't at heart.
I am not volunteering - as I have neither the skills, nor overview, nor
PS: It is getting tiresome to listen to, though!

@_date: 2010-12-03 19:29:58
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
You are right to warn about "being stuck in critique" - or in any other
rhetoric, whether self-styled or based on established ideology - and I
shall be the first to lament conventional, unreflective leftist positions.
As the subject line indicates, virtual commons are within free culture
commonly, in general, considered in isolation from the materiality that
makes them possible and which constitutes one of the fastest growing
environmental threats. This is not an ideological point, but a technical
point, and it continues to be a hidden aspect of free culture and
virtual commons, and will remain hidden until the philosophy and
language from within the movements recognise the material dependency and
enormous energy consumption that digital commons entail. That was and is
all I am saying: do not be in denial.
Generally, on a personal note, I proceed from the principle that one
should not bother criticising something that one does not care for:
critique is an attempt to improve: preguntando caminamos - and the
questioning as we walk is of course also of our own footsteps and
direction (in fact, when building alternatives there is not much else to
question). Else, it would risk ending up like in some western New Age
community where everyone is smiling with joy, although they are furious
on the inside, with themselves and with each other - for the more
enlightened, the more happy, and so to admit to *not* be happy and *not*
on the verge of nirvana would signal a failure. So we smile. In short:
denial, repression and the danger of explosion.
I don't understand what you mean with those who "just don't get it" -
for my part I am quite sure that most people understand very easily that
energy and hardware don't just drop from the sky, but have to be
generated and produced and that this production is environmentally and
humanly costly, *if* they are made aware of that - but you seem to
suggest that *I* just don't get "it" - "it" being your world view. Well,
what is it that I don't get?
I have answered in more detail below - hoping that this can become
either a constructive exchange, or that we can just leave it here - with
a view to clearing up some of the misunderstandings that were reflected
in your responses (to what I was trying to say).
I said we heard it time and again during the conference and in
meetings - even in pejorative terms with gestures and with overbearing
shrugs. I was actually rather shocked, not so much by the arrogance and
superiority of it, as the assumption that such denigrating statements
were OK to make and reflected a common(s) sense. This is no place for
specifics, as they are personal, - if you managed to _not_ notice I am
rather surprised - but in some sense it doesn't matter, while in others
it matters a lot:
The movements of peasants, landless and indigenous - as well as urban
radical movements - I imagine, outnumber the digital commoners; and
without land and its resources there can be no cyberspace. After all,
half the population is still rural and many urban dwellers rely upon
their villages to feed them in the city, as anyone who has ever been
doing development work on the frontiers of capitalism will know all too
Since the expansion of cyberspace threatens the commoners of the land,
there needs to be some sort of mutual recognition of the this
inter-dependence. Every time the digital commons discourse ignores and
denies this material foundation, the problem is consolidated. If you see
yourself as a public intellectual, then you must realise - as Lessig,
Benkler et al. before you - that you to quite some extent have to take
on the responsibility as a central contributor to defining (refining?)
the discourse of those who follow. At this stage, the digital commons
discourse is saturated with politics that build on the misleading
(deliberately misleading! (I will document this on demand)) discourse
established by the Ivy League leaders who have defined the territory
intellectually - and done so in such a manner as to not only pose
minimal threat to capital interests, but indeed to be helpful for their
The movements for the defense of commons first had their de facto rights
articulated in the Charter of Forests (ca. 1215-1225), and apart from
various great uprisings - the last, in this part of the world, during
the Spanish Revolution in the 1930s - it has been a slow, but safe
decay: from having collective right of access to land for food, fuel and
building materials to abstract, individual rights that can be suspended
in a state of emergency, which have become permanent features in the
contemporary world.
I am not sure why you choose to (mis)understand what I said in this way,
but to clarify: You asked me for *specific* answers and I said that I do
not have any real answers at this stage. Why not? Because I consider the
development of answers, solutions and action plans as necessarily a
collective effort that has to come from within the movement(s) - we find
the answers as we walk on, asking each other, reflecting  critically,
avoiding gooey eyed denial - like moths staring into the virtual light.
At this stage, my contribution is merely a philosophical questioning of
the politics of free culture.
When it comes to the way in which digital commons are embedded in
natural resource systems and what can be done about it, I said that an
important first step is towards *acknowledging* that problem. This means
in very simple terms that if you have not acknowledged and recognised a
problem, it is going to be difficult to solve it. Everytime the politics
and development of the digital commons rest on the false assumptions of
immateriality, the materiality is obscured further.
I don't have the answers - and I don't think that anyone has The Answers
- but if any set of solutions are to be developed from within the
digital commons movement with respect to the problematic embedding in
and exploitation of natural resources (as carried out by mining and
nuclear etc etc.), then that embedding must be faced up to.
"On the same page", then, refers to a collective recognition of the
problem, which should be seen as a prerequisite to collective solving of
the problem. You project ideology and negativity into that proposition -
I don't know why - and claim it is critique that is not constructive. I
think denial is much less constructive than trying to come to terms with
However, without claiming this is an answer, I do regularly visit
communities where surfing is limited to a few hours a day, unless there
is a particularly strong wind or a lot of sunshine, because they are off
the grid. As such, one of the questions that one could ask, as we walk
and chew gum and whatever else you like to do, is where are our projects
hosted? What could we do to create (non-General Electric patent-based,
non-industrial scale) wind powered, communally owned hosting on recycled
hardware for digital commons?
Yes, that is good, and so is this list, and that is why I brought up the
I don't know where you get this from, but if it came from anything I
said, let me clarify: I never said that anyone "didn't get it" - I said
that as a culture - a cultural norm - the material embedding is not
recognised and in a variety of ways even obscured through philosophical
ideas and concepts of social organisation that - as the subject line
still reads, and which is how this exchange came about - "Non digital
commons a lot more complicated than Free Software". This is only true
insofar as you see Free Software and other digital commons as having no
material base. In fact, they are infinitely more complicated, since they
are a techno-virtual layer on top of ecosystems - or, as it were,
digital commons require a material, technostructural underpinning. In
other words, digital commons need to address their hardware and energy
use, as part of their organisational processes and they should have
support in doing so. This is not about rejecting digital commons that
are impure, but rather about a conscious move away from "impurity".
Purity we can leave to the religions, but that does not mean we should
deny certain problematic "impurities."
There are many readings of the labour movements - some of which argue
very well that social-democracy and later the welfare system spelled the
beginning of the end of the working class movements, particularly with
respect to local control over local infrastructure. Indeed, the very
notion of a "working class" expresses a defeat of commoners of the land
and, as noted by Colin Ward, the welfare system, after the crises of the
1930s and in order to rebuild after the war, in many communities in
England shifted power from local communities to central government over
schools, libraries and so on. If print had helped the labour movements,
the centralised curriculum has long since subverted that advantage.
I don't agree with what seems to be your take on history and I think
that the writing of the history of the commoners rendered working
classes has only just begun - there is a lot to discuss and I am very
wary of anyone claiming to see a full picture of those particular
histories with specific reference to the transformation of the field of
forces within which they operate.
This is a very good place to start, by the way:
Peter Linebaugh, The London Hanged, London: Allen Lane, 1991, Chapter
11: "Ships and Chips: Technological Repression and the Origin of the Wage."
One could also consult the more philosophical:
?Social Democracy thought fit to to assign to the working class the role
of the redeemer of future generations, in this way cutting the sinews of
its greatest strength. This training made the working class forget both
its hatred and its spirit of sacrifice, for both are nourished by the
image of enslaved ancestors rather than that of liberated grandchildren?
(Walter Benjamin 1940/1982: 262).
Or the radically political (in the words of a critical liberal):
?The representative of the working classes, Sorel observed, becomes an
excellent bourgeois very easily. The hideous examples are before our
eyes ? Millerand, Briand, Viviani, the spellbinding demagogue Jean
Jaur?s with his easily acquired popularity. Sorel had once hoped for
much from these men, but was disillusioned. They all turned out to be
squalid earthworms, rhetoricians, grafters and intriguers like the rest?
(Isaiah Berlin 1955/1979: 313)
In any case, there is certainly substantial disagreements about whether
the working class has been successful, or whether it has been swallowed
up in a tide of non-principled stances of influence-seekers and
moderates, who smiled and said to just follow them.
Also, your statement about print technology and labour movements - apart
from relying upon a quetionable history reading - is deeply problematic
(or somewhat empty rhetoric). Compare with this statement:
"When the rains came, the small ponds of the poor people were filled."
Yes, that is true, but it also rained in the park of the rich and their
ponds were much bigger, so they were, in absolute terms, filled even more.
In that sense, you are mobilising the labour movements in a highly
questionable manner in defence and justification of your own position.
Technology changed *every*thing, the entire context for all parties
involved in any struggle, but it likely empowered the already empowered
more than the less empowered......
In a silly simplification:
If the power of the working class was 1.2 power points before print, and
if print added 2 times power, then they ended at 2.4 power points. If
the power of the rich was 3.1 before print, and if print added 2 times
power, then they ended at 6.2 power points.
Who gained most? Who gained most from the last twenty years of ICT
revolution? Wal-Mart, as they pioneered just-in-time and became the
fastest growing corporation in history since Ford (probably now dwarfed
by that commons enclosure operation called Facebook?). To realise the
potential power and emancipation for the oppressed that ICT might
deliver requires careful consideration, not mere promises based on a
dubious historical reading.
Finally, while I think that technological determinism can be a useful
tool to ponder history and development, I would much rather, as a
precautionary principle, go with the exact opposite of you....
....Here with reference to the work of James C. Scott, surprisingly an
Ivy League professor, but he is also towards retirement age, which is
usually when you hear them say something of radical (or even subversive)
In his most speculative and contested claim, Scott argues that even the
lack of a written language in many Zomian societies is an adaptive
measure and a conscious societal choice. For peasants, writing was,
first and foremost, a tool of state control - it was the instrument the
elite used to extract money, labor, and military service from them. As a
result, Scott argues, when those peasants escaped into the hills they
discarded writing in an attempt to ensure that similar coercive
hierarchies didn?t arise in the new societies they formed.
?I?ve studied peasant rebellions, and one of first things that early
peasant rebellions always do is to attack the records office,? says
Scott. ?They associate writing with their oppression.?
The 20th century, with its arsenal of distance-devouring technologies
from the airplane to the Internet, has made it easier for states to
smooth the friction of landscape, and recent decades have also seen a
determined campaign among Asian states to bring their highland regions
into the fold, often by settling them with lowland people more loyal to
the national government. As a result, since World War II, Zomia has lost
much of its distinctive wildness.
"" --- from:
See also "Zomia, A Zone of Resistance: The Last Great Enclosure Movement
and Stateless Peoples in Southeast Asia":
insofar as I know and understand any of all that: we just have to keep
on pushing through capitalism and we will get to the promised land in
the end. It doesn't resonate with me. I would much rather ask critically
while we walk and use lessons from history written not by winners.
Is this based on something I said? You have managed to turn the
whole thing around?!?! The current growth paradigm thrives on "renewable
technology" (wind turbines, hybrid cars), and digital commons  - these
are central to the growth vision. The expansion of digital commons is
destroying the biosphere. The critical gaze that focuses on the
materiality of cyberspace and thus the ecological problems of the
digital commons is precisely addressing the problem of infinite growth
in a non-simplistic manner - trying to negotiate an ambiguous problem:
how can we have digital networks without destroying the environment?
It is not very helpful to shift from the general to the particular in
the middle of a conceptual discussion. I spoke of digital commons in
general - and pointed to a factual general problem - and you respond
with a specific example..... perhaps an exemption to prove the rule?
For what it is worth: It is not perverse, but a simple fact: the energy
use of a supermarket - from electricity use in the store to the fossil
fuel fertilisers used in the production of the commodities for sale - is
very comparable to the energy and resource use that digital commons
entail, if you see it from the perspective of the oppressed, landless or
through the eyes of the children disassembling hardware when it is
recycled. The supermarket helps some of the poor, some of the time - for
instance a single mother or the career, short-of-time feminist on her
way to a meeting about resisting the cuts - indeed, supermarkets can
help many people, including those who work for it, who would otherwise
be unemployed, but it comes with a tremendous cost for others, which is
The shareholders of Carrefour and Wal-Mart cheer on supermarkets, just
as the shareholders of IBM and Google cheer on Open Source, Open Access
and other areas of economic growth.
But they are also exploitors - through mining, heavy metal pollution,
sweatshop labour and so on - and this is not an ideological point, but
a simple fact.
However, all that said, I agree, let us break some eggs to make the
omelette. I never wanted to argue that the internet should be torn down
- what would I be doing here? - but it should be used consciously and in
recognition and full admittance of its costs. There is no such thing as
marginal reproduction cost, except in Wonderland, perhaps, where
perpetual motion machines are possible and where gravity can be defied
by will alone.
The immateriality argument about the relation between cost and
reproduction of digital goods, is really comparable to, say, the
relation between light in your house, on the one hand, and electricity
and the continued upkeep of the electrical infrastructure (nuclear power
plants, cables, wires, pylons, switches and so on) on the other: It
doesn't *seem to* cost anything when I flick the switch and the light
comes on in "my" house, so why isn't it just free? Would anyone take me
serious if I said that?
Yes, and I never said anything different - but how do you propose to
"lighten the footprint", as collective action, when the collective is in
denial about that footprint and when its leaders and consequently the
followers perpetuate the denial?
With the best of wishes,

@_date: 2010-12-07 22:28:25
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
That sounds like it cold work! Rushed emails is not really a
constructive format for this kind of discussion,
Let me know more about what you have in mind, such as: length (word
count), specific points that you liked, deadline..

@_date: 2010-12-08 19:28:20
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Yes, good points, but..
In any case, none of this history and facts tells us anything else than
what has happened within an economy where all the significant
tangible/material means of production were already held exclusively. It
tells us that innovation *within* capitalist democracy requires a
mixture of things, at best, and generally a lot of exclusivity.
It is the exclusive ownership of land, its resources, and the means of
production that make IP claims over immaterial/intangible stuff not only
convincingly justified, but even necessary, as you suggest. Exclusion
leads to more exclusion. Sharing leads to more sharing.
Roads in many places have the same history: started out as private
projects, but common sense and ownership prevailed in the end. However,
the same applies: this is within a system where exclusivity is already
the norm.
Imagine if the means of production were held in common, then how could
anyone successfully argue for a justification of the resulting products
being held exclusively?
That is why the free culture movement would be well adviced to aim a
little higher than information exceptionalism: not just immaterial
things should be common, but all means of production.

@_date: 2010-12-15 16:09:42
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative email infrastructure 
See also:
--- and many others more or less similar, many of whom can be tracked
indirect lines back to the Indymedia project in Seattle '99.

@_date: 2010-12-18 15:14:24
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
What does this mean?
I don't understand the juxtaposition of "pure analysis and theory" with
"practical ways to advance both the struggles and solution space of
commons-oriented movements" - what kind of advances and solutions do not
emerge from envisaging and planning (i.e. analysis and theory)?
What is virulent anticapitalist rhetoric? Can you give an example?

@_date: 2010-12-19 13:19:08
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Non digital commons a lot more 
It seems to me that upon observation and reflection - which requires a
degree of analysis - you are speaking of a theory called "release early
and often" (reflecting a rather simple reading of competition in the
market place?).
While SillyCon valley is certainly an engine of growth it might be worth
noting that this particular kind of analysis and the theory of early and
often releases it has lead to, has destroyed the water table - which was
a very fine reserve of water - and little children in China and
elsewhere in Asia are now, early in their lives and very often,
dis-assembling all of those very frequently released gadgets with all
kinds of diseases as a consequence.
While it is a theory, it doesn't appear to be based on an analysis that
exhibits any ecological consciousness, nor any solidarity with
(required) labour (input).
So, it *is* a theory, but a poor one in practice.
How long do you think that Richard Stallman observed and analysed before
he began developing his theoretical perspective on the potential for the
survival of hacker culture - devising the GNU Manifesto, Emacs, FSF, the
GPL, and a load of software - and how much of his time does he still
devote to strengthen his theoretical position (software freedom) and
sustain its practical realities through writings and talks all around
the world?
I don't understand precisely how it is relevant in this context - I
haven't encountered any dogmatic old-school communists on this list or
at the conference - in fact I rarely see any of those dinosaurs anywhere

@_date: 2010-12-19 18:48:31
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Non digital commons a lot more 
This is an important point - and it would be great to hear Michel, who
has been using this term throughout this exchange, to actually exemplify
it. Otherwise, one could easily be misled to suspect that it is a demon
in an imaginary closet.
"Social justice", in Western thought, is a 2000+ year old greek
philosophical concept attributed to Aristotle, which runs through most
of liberal thought since and today. _Liberal_ here doesn't mean what it
does in common US parlance, where anything left of Kissinger is liberal,
but is used in the sense of the "Political Philosophy of Liberalism".
Social justice also appeared in the thought of Confucius a few hundred
years earlier during the Spring and Autumn Period.
To say that social justice is a leftist thing is entirely misleading and
quite simply false. Even a neoliberal philosopher would suggest that the
free market delivers social justice. Capitalism, according to its
proponents and advocates, is a system that is intended to deliver social
justice. In fact, I don't think there is much leftist-ism about it,
really, since leftist thought is extra-ordinarily preoccupied with
critiques of the liberal concept of justice, which is an abstract,
community-detached concept where all are equal before the law,
notwithstanding particular contexts.
Indeed, you are quite right, you don't need anti-capitalist rhetoric to
divide or marginalise a movement - but you will probably need a sound
analysis of capital and power if you want to avoid the processes of
recuperation and enclosure that most other social change movements have
suffered in the past. Learning lessons from history can be a good thing.
The history of the labour movement - which in itself signals a defeat of
the commoning peasantry - is a prime example: managers and negotiators -
self-styled leaders and representative spokesmen - undermined the
interests of the working class while smoking cigars and drinking cognac
with capital interests. Very similar dynamics can be observed in almost
all social movements to varying degrees and the same thing goes for the
commons: influence seeking individuals water down the principle waves
upon which they surf and emerge as leaders of a new market expansion niche.
What is moral obligation? That one or a community is obligated to show
consideration to others?
The GPL is an articulation of social and moral obligations, for instance.
The language of "what is in it for me" - also known as self-interest -
is central to liberal thought (againt this is not US liberalism, but
political philosophy liberalism) and at the heart of the capitalist
ecnonomy --- and that is the very system of thought and frame of mind
that Stallman reacted to when he conceived of the GPL as a social
justice good.
When Ostrom set out in the 1960s on her life's mission she also began in
reaction to the all-pervasive myth (or, rather, the by now
self-fulfilled prophecy) of self-interest. It is at best an incomplete,
short term strategy to base a movement on self-interest, unless, of
course, that is the kind of positive feedback loop that you do want to
establish and institute. That is precisely what capitalist democracy is
based on and perpetuates: exclusive, self-interest.
Commons, on the other hand, are not based on (a narrow conception of)
self-interest and both the challenge and the promise of commons as a
concept of social organisation, as far as I am concerned, is precisely
that it is not based on self-interest, but on notions of sociality and
It seems to me to be rather bizarre to want to move commons into
mainstream society by disregarding the manner in which commons differ
from what philosophically, legally and economically underpins mainstream
society, and replacing that underpinning with the very same idea that
underpins the mainstream society which is sought changed. Very
backwards/awkwards approach to social change.

@_date: 2010-12-23 19:49:12
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Choosing the copyfarleft for the P2P Foundation 
I don't understand what you mean? Isn't the approach of Kleiner
characterised - whether one likes it or not - precisely by countering
class division?

@_date: 2010-12-28 14:36:03
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] important questions for the p2p 
It is often just called "legal person" (as opposed to a natural person).
A "subversion" of the function of legal persons is an interesting idea,
as the concept has been debated and criticised for the very obvious
reason that it lets individuals commit crimes (or rather order them
committed) with impunity, hiding behind the corporation, yet actually
being the ones gaining from the illegal activities. (See also The
Corporation (book or film) for a perspective on how that legal person
acts in the social world).
For instance, ?increasingly, global capital claims a new order of
international rights for itself in ways that have profound destructive
impacts on the human rights of human beings everywhere? (Baxi 2006: 258)
Critical voices:
Baxi, Upendra 2006 The Future of Human Rights (2nd edn). Oxford
University Press
Grear, Anna 2006 Human Rights ? Human Bodies? Some Reflections on
Corporate Human Rights Distortion, The Legal Subject, Embodiment and
Human Rights. Theory Law and Critique 17 (2)
Grear, Anna 2007 Challenging corporate ?humanity?: legal disembodiment,
embodiment and human rights. Human Rights Law Review 7 (3)
Emberland, Marius 2006 The Human Rights of Companies: Exploring the
Structure of ECHR Protection. Oxford University Press

@_date: 2010-12-30 13:40:55
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?b?LSBSZTogW0NvbW1vbmluZ10g77+9Y2U=?= 
I don't understand "abundance logic" without a denial of resource,
labour and energy use. So when you say that you don't disregard those
important and very high overlapping social and environmental costs of
digital commons, how does a philosophy and architecture of commons that
turn on the concept of abundance actually work?

@_date: 2010-12-30 17:33:08
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?b?LSBSZTogW0NvbW1vbmluZ10g77+9Y2U=?= 
Does the tree not drink water, does it not grow in soil that was stolen
from the native people, does your friend not labour to care for it
(In any case, avocado trees that are not grafted do very rarely bear
fruit, so the fruit carrying tree itself cannot be reproduced simply by
means of the seed in the fruit.)
Perhaps it is simply my ignorance - and I would be very happy to be
enlightened here - but in the absence of some revelating explanation I
do not see much of a difference, systemically speaking, between the
abundance logic of the Euro-American colonial empire, which lives in
abundance paid for by others (through exporting the costs by means of
exploitative trade, slavery, land grabs, resource squeezes) and the
"abundance logic" of cyberspace. There might be differences in degree,
but the principle appears to be very similar: see no evil, hear no evil,
feel no evil, - like an ostrich with the head in the sand.

@_date: 2010-12-31 13:00:00
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitative 
Yes, for sure, but - from a philosophical perspective of property
relations - I will argue that the focus here is on the *thing*, which I
in turn will argue is a misleading focus derived from the philosophy of
capitalism, where property has become a noun and thus signifying an
object. Property, however, is (better understood as) social relations
with regard to things, and it is not the nature of the object or its
essence that ought to be important in the first instance, but the social
relations and environments that affect it and are effected by it that
are important in the first instance of articulating property relations
and the architecture of social organisation.
I have argued this at length in an essay that has just been published in
The Commoner:
and reproduced here:

@_date: 2010-12-31 13:17:56
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning]  - Re:  ?ce 
I think that almost all important fruit trees known to the human kind
are results of intergenerational efforts of selective breeding,
transporting and sustained care. Even tribal people in a rain forest,
even though it is difficult to see, often intervene into the forest,
aiding some plants, freeing up space for them to grow better, offering
them sacrifices.
I think that topsoil needs human care to be lush and fat and in
continuous good condition for trees to bear nice fruit.
Unless we disconnect ourselves from the past and the future, and
disregard wider social relations in favour of an objective view of
separate objects in nature and laboratories, the qualitative differences
between agricultural, industrial (those have merged in the era where
they have been vuiewed in that manner) and digital production (which is
very industrial) is not something that strikes me as of primary importance.
It is almost a crude marxist perspective to focus primarily on the
isolated process of production in these respects, and not primarily on a
much wider set of social relations.

@_date: 2010-12-31 17:49:45
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning]  - Re: ?ce 
I don't mind aggression, but I find it tedious that you keep
misrepresenting me and distort my position and paint it as lacking
solidarity and a "hard blow" to activists and digital empowerment -
while not actually responding to what I have been saying.
If, If, If - yes, if, then. But did I?
Indeed.. many shades..
Many people have indeed expressed that they have been able to integrate
it into their own understanding - you being one exception, but then
again, you haven't actually engaged constructively in this exchange and
just keep painting me as an enemy for presenting a philosophical
crtitique - a constructive critique with regards to the architecture of
commons and their social organisation. Not an imposition, not an
absolute, just a set of ideas.
What I am saying is that Free Software and Free Culture politics have
been defined by a set of leading voices who do separate material and
immaterial in a very problematic way and that it is a commoners task to
clear up that distraction, because many are following it and their views
are consolidated every time they hear abundance logic, immaterial and so on.
I don't see this as an isolated task and I don't put my faith in a
division of labour (i.e. sitting around waiting for the perpetual motion
machine working group to deliver), but seek to argue for the idea that
organisation should strive for integration of ideas: a digital commons
has a responsibility to make its commoners aware of the material
foundations of their common ground and, for instance, when possible move
towards local, micropower production, rather than, say, Google Groups.
This doesn't mean that digital commoners who cannot do so are not part
of the commonalty, but it does mean that a philosophy of organisation
needs to recognise and make this explicit in an integrative manner.
I don't understand this type casting and your "demand" that I accept
your world view. I see so many shades out there. In any case, I find
that you make an enemy out of me - and present me to others as an enemy
- which tells me that you don't like shades not of your own (or just
mine, perhaps).
Developing a critique of the foundations (or philosophy) of organisation
doesn't just make anyone an enemy. If there is no room for fundamental
critique, who has created the absolute?
I'd suggest that I have been working on digital empowerment with
indigenous people - showed them how computers work, how to use email and
so on - who taught me many things in return.
I am also a volunteer with Aktivix (alt-tech collective) and have been
on and off for years, and organised a hacklab and similar events in the
What I say come from practical engagements, working with communities,
mobilisations and so on, which I very much like - expressed with
reference to theory. I actually *do* the things you accuse me of being
an enemy of - I don't just talk about it.

@_date: 2010-07-11 18:17:29
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
Free riders?
There is just no end to this straw man "argumentation" - constructing
Lanhamian "socialism" in such a manner that seems to serve no other end
than to establish an idiosyncratic position.......

@_date: 2010-07-11 22:48:58
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
How do universal truths come as surprise to some? Is that a function of
a vanguard or a superior ruler?

@_date: 2010-07-12 11:08:54
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] recommended video by zizek 
Arhh, they don't actually believe or desire that, but offer it as a
pathetic excuse for looting the world (i.e. those who belive it are
plain stupid). It can be traced back to some pretty disgusting imagery:
"The economist John Kenneth Galbraith noted that "trickle-down
economics" had been tried before in the United States in the 1890s under
the name "horse and sparrow theory". He wrote, "Mr. David Stockman has
said that supply-side economics was merely a cover for the trickle-down
approach to economic policy?what an older and less elegant generation
called the horse-and-sparrow theory: 'If you feed the horse enough oats,
some will pass through to the road for the sparrows.'" Galbraith claimed
that the horse and sparrow theory was partly to blame for the Panic of
1896". - from:
The elite has always looked upon the poor as deserving of eating shit.

@_date: 2010-07-12 12:14:32
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] communism is silly 
Are you talking about communism, marxism or marx? Or the social
movements that for almost a millennia - beginning with the Magna Carta -
have organised and demanded certain rights and freedoms (without which
you, unless you are an aristocrat, of course, would have no access to
this forum)? Or contemporary commonism movements? Or are you just
throwing out an idiosyncratic straw man, as seems so popular around here?

@_date: 2010-07-12 13:12:44
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] communism is silly 
Where did I or anyone else say that? Are you unable to make any
You are the one lumping all things together. All social movements and
efforts have been boiled down to the work of one philosopher.
For what it is worth - I am not a marxist.

@_date: 2010-07-12 14:07:03
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] communism is silly 
This is the crux of the matter and which all the individualists do not
want to understand: firstly, their position of freedom in this world,
unless they are aristocrats, has been won through socialistic struggles;
secondly, their continued existence relies upon exploitation of people
elsewhere. There is no US or UK university without a war in Iraq and
Afghanistan etc. for example.
Yet they talk of freedom and productivity vs. socialism and free-riding.
What ignorant nonsense.

@_date: 2010-07-12 16:49:19
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
Yeah, fuck the 16 million Africans that laid the foundation for it. They
don't count. Fuck the commoners, whose livelihoods were destroyed.
Nevermind them. Fuck the forests that were and still are cut down. Fuck
the 90% of the Americas' population. Fuck the indigenous still suffering
today, such as the Hoarani of whom 10% remain since oil - that liquid
that fuel your illusions of happiness - was discovered in their
territory 30-35 years ago. And so on. This statement spells racism.

@_date: 2010-07-13 18:08:24
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
But it is not funny. There are actually people who hold on to this
position. Although it requires a lot of straw men, such as lumping all
forms of communism together and seeing it as totalitarian,
state/vanguard marxism.

@_date: 2010-07-16 17:02:59
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism 2.0: Peer Production, 
Short version: juridification (in this context) likely refers to law's
invasion of cyberspace. Lessig argues that code is law, so law is
already there (if we agree), but, then, should the legal system
therefore fully invade (based on law and economics arguments, as law
tends to be based on in almost all domains) or should cultural politics
(whatever that means) regulate cyberspace? She seems to be for the latter.
I have CC'ed Maureen O'Sullivan, who might have some learned commentary
relevant here.
Background info below:
She is actually Barron with two Rs.
Juridification: "...the replacing of politics with the formality of law
and legal decisions..." - from:  "The Human Rights Act and
Juridification: Saving Democracy" in POLITICS: 2010 VOL 30(2), 91?97 by
Fergal Davis.
"some see juridification as ?the proliferation of law? or as ?the
tendency towards an increase in formal (or positive, written) law?;
others as ?the monopolization of the legal field by legal
professionals?, the ?construction of judicial power?, ?the expansion of
judicial power? and some quite generally link juridification to the
spread of rule guided action or the expectation of lawful conduct, in
any setting, private or public." - from:
On her website it says that:
"Ms Barron's research centres on copyright and related rights, and, more
generally, the legal regulation of culture and the arts and legal and
social theory. She is currently working on a book on the institution of
copyright ? provisionally entitled Understanding Copyright: Explanatory
Frameworks and Justificatory Theories ? which brings this research
together with a view to providing a comprehensive map of the
contemporary field of theoretical inquiry in relation to copyright law.":
She works on some sort of "radical" liberal front - making sense of the
institution of copyright from a cultural (and, obviously, public sphere)
"........too much has been made of the distinction, and that the debate
over which paradigm [what Glynn Lunney has called 'copyright's
incentives-access paradigm' on the one hand, and proponents of what Mark
Lemley has called the 'full value' or 'absolute protection' paradigm on
the other] should have priority in determining the contours of copyright
policy distracts attention from a more fundamental issue - the hegemony
of economic analysis generally in organising the conceptual and
normative universe of legal scholars working in this area. Thus while
sympathetic to the impulse underlying the efforts of Lemley and
Frischmann - a concern to resist the seemingly relentless expansion of
copyright towards the horizon of absolute right-holder control of all
uses of copyright material - I argue that their lingering adherence to
the presuppositions of economic analysis has stymied their well-meaning
efforts to account for the social value of 'information' in terms
distinct from the merely economic measure of price. My overall aim here
is to suggest that, because of its presuppositions, economic analysis -
in whatever paradigm it may be packaged - offers at best a blinkered
perspective on both copyright law and the field of social life that
copyright law affects. I conclude by proposing Jurgen Habermas's social
theory as an alternative framework in relation to which critics of
copyright expansionism might fruitfully orient themselves in the future."
Lionel Bently, Jennifer Davis and Jane Ginsburg (eds.) Inspiration,
Innovation, or Infringement: Multidisciplinary Perspectives on Piracy
and Copyright (Cambridge: CUP 2010) [FORTHCOMING] - full paper here:
She does not appear to have published anything on the particular subject
of juridification processes in this context yet, but her name does come
up in connection with some of Teubner's work:
"Juridification of Social Spheres: A Comparative Analysis in the Areas
of Labor, Corporate, Anti-Trust, and Social Welfare Law", who is a
Luhmanesque German legal scholar who has written on the autopoiesis of
law (Autopoietic law: a new approach to law and society, 1988) and laws
without a state - for instance:
Legal sociologist Guenther Teubner argues that ?Lex mercatoria, the
transnational law of economic transactions, is the most successful
example of global law without a state ... [but] it is not only the
economy, but various sectors of world society that are developing a
global law of their own. And they do so ... in relative insulation from
the state, official international politics and international public law
... Technical standardization and professional self-regulation have
tended towards worldwide coordination with minimal intervention of
official international politics. The discourse on Human Rights has
become globalized and is pressing for its own law, not only from a
source other than the states but against the states themselves.
Especially in the case of human rights it would be "unbearable if the
law were left to the arbitrariness of regional politics" (Teubner 1997:
TEUBNER, G. (1997) 'Global Bukowina: Legal Pluralism in the World
Society', in TEUBNER G., ed., Global Law without a State, Dartmouth,
Exactly where Ms. Barron can be found in this regard remains to be seen,
but she is not in favour or law and economics as guiding principles, but
rather in favour culture - whatever that then means for her and what
political implications her position entails is a good question. I
suspect that she is mainly/merely academicising on the matter, but in
any case she is questioning and hopefully problematising law's invasion
of cyberspace, which is an important task, academically and politically.

@_date: 2010-07-17 01:37:07
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism 2.0: Peer Production, 
This is a nice way of putting it. However, of course, many times
juridification is the desired outcome for social movements (....failure
from the onset?). Fascism and capitalism - both (anti-)social movements
- desire(d) juridification to establish norms of suppression and
Also many labour movements wanted - and still do -  their demands set in
legal stone.
Also, the Free Culture and Free Software movements' central committees'
trajectory is pointing to juridification, as far as I can tell.
For juridification to be a clear failure of a movement, its origins,
aims and terms probably need to be anarchistic, but even an anarchistic
demand can be satisfied in the letter of the law, in theory at least.
- "....to live outside the law, you must be honest..."

@_date: 2010-07-18 15:33:24
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks! 
What is violence? Violation? In order for "non"-violence to make sense,
do we need to understand violence, or does the term non-violence mean
something in and of itself? Is it a philosophy of a special kind?
Gandhi's tactics violated the well-being of Lancashire mill workers, for
instance, and do you not want to violate the current status of the
elite, by redistributing some of the wealth that they have amassed?

@_date: 2010-07-19 15:28:53
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks! 
What do you base that on? First time I hear this. From within the
movements there has been mainly violence from oppresive state forces to
On a global level, I think we are still in the infancy of these
movements. Still building, nbetworking, federating.
If you are speaking about the Western European part of the movements
that gained a lot of media coverage from loosely 1998-2004 (in great
part because of minor property destruction or, as it were, creative
architectural critique, but rest of which was predominantly a fluffy,
happy hippie affair in pink), then I think it was a generational moment,
the creative forces of which are burnt out, moved to the country side
(where, such as the Tarnac 9, they are also attacked) or bringing up
But - also - after 9/11, focus in the media and the law began to shift,
which meant that alterglobalisation events were less interesting for the
media - and were lumped in with terrorism by police and media. So yes,
violence led to a weakening of the movement of movements, but it was
state violence and its counter-point, socalled terrorism, and not
violence from within the movements. In fact, the minor bits of
activities that could be said to be violating public space a little bit
and corporate space a bit more, was one of the major reasons why the
media gave time and space to those movements in the first place - and
also the basis upon which NGO people like Susan George could - divide
and conquer - gain a platform to distinguish "the good" from "the bad"
and thus side with the state and benevolent capital (as if there was
such a thing).

@_date: 2010-07-20 13:08:59
@_author: m.pedersen@lancaster.ac.uk 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Let's Roll the Tanks against the Banks! 
Travelling, so only very briefly: Yes, but a lot of the "black bloc" stuff
- and always enough to provide the result you note - will be done by the
state itself. Agent provocateurs are as old as politics. So where does
that leave us? In a land where change is an illusion?

@_date: 2010-06-02 16:27:38
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Role of civil society 
They are indeed all the same from an anarchist perspective. Try radical
social movements and local anarchist struggles for an alternative. There
are many people and groups out there who stay dedicated to
non-hierarchical resistance their whole lives. Not enough, but this kind
of statement quite simply writes them out of the equation entirely, as
if they didn't exist, thus lacking, in this context, the most important
potential for change.
The way global civil society is being conceptualised by Keane, Kaldor et
al. is a status quo oriented, oppressive pacifism.
There is much more to the story.

@_date: 2010-06-02 16:26:55
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Which is precisely why it is important to get together and adresss the
designed and structurally sustained non-justice and non-equality. There
is not one good, hopefully, but that does not - at all - mean that there
ism't a lot of bads, evils and worse that are strucutrally in place and
controlled by the few. The lack of one vision for "the good" is a bad
excuse for not addressing the bad. It does not follow.
I don't understand this techno-nationalism and especially the
determinism that seems to run through it....?! At any rate, "the Danes"
haven't found out anything at all that works for them. The Danish elite
has found a way to continually assert itself.
For what concerns global solidarity: there is only one way and that is
to try and keep the idea alive by collaborating with your neighbours and
always resist the oppressive forces that exist. Saying it is very
difficult is a truism, but moving onto "maybe impossible" is a
self-fulfilling prophecy.
For someone who has no ideals and no particular direction or sense of
"the good", as you say, I can't help noticing that you keep bringing up
references from the very core of the liberal, capitalist elite's canon.
You express a very clear set of ideals all the time by expressing views
that are in accord with the oppressing elites (which is where this
thread commenced when Michel wrote a suggestive outline of how liberals
think and act to dominate the world, to which you agreed).
It is difficult to think of anything as opinionated and elitist as The
However, I am "happy" to agree to disagree. This doesn't seem to lead

@_date: 2010-06-03 10:58:23
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Role of civil society 
I have some quotes and references somewhere, as it was part of my PhD
thesis at some point, but no time at the moment to dig them out.
However, they clearly define (their version(s)) of "global civil
society" as non-violent. That is, in the their efforts to conceptualise
"global civil society" they exclude groups that are not non-violent. It
is a gate keeper function. It effectively excludes radical alternatives
and struggling groups and peoples who in self-defense have to take up
arms. Indigenous peoples, for example, defending their territories with
spears, blocking infrastructure and standing up to armies with rocks and
dynamite. They are excluded on those pedestrian, liberal conceptions.
Not very detailed, but out of time. Sorry.

@_date: 2010-06-03 23:23:32
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Seizure of BP assets = Public Domain Renewable 
Fantastic idea - it could be the beginning of a global campaign. The
people of the world should decide what to do with BP's assets.

@_date: 2010-06-24 15:53:29
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
There has been a very long consultation process with regard to the NC
Here is a summary: Basically, there are no clear-cut subclausaes provided by CC to deal
with the grey area between letting Rupert Murdoch making money on your
creation and letting the local anarchist collective sell your creations
for the upkeep of their social centre. However, many people quite simply
add their own sub-sub clause:
"You may sell this creation for money, if you are not a big evil
corporation, but rather a nice, not-for-profit, community building
project", -- for instance.
That CC did not pick up on this a lot earlier is probably a reflection
of their tenure track, funding and tech fetish oriented reality, which
lies far from social struggles in the material realm. See for instance
for a way into critiques of CC:

@_date: 2010-06-24 16:14:23
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
These are good questions!
The P2P could just issue a sub-sub-clause to copyright (or a sub-clause
to Copyleft, which is of course merely sub-clauses to copyright) stating
what kind of commercial activity that the foundation would not enforce
their exclusive right against. Here is a text I once wrote many years
ago for a film I co-directed/co-produced:
"The non-commercial clause is just to establish a clear boundary with
profit made for profit's sake within a regime of exclusive private
property rights. If you are on our side, that is the side of anarchists,
dreamers, diggers, and explorers of the benevolent kind, feel VERY FREE
to use this film to collect money for your community projects, activist
campaigns or other noble attempts to save the world from the rich."

@_date: 2010-06-26 17:19:17
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
Your conception of "the left" is incredible narrow.
There is a rule of thumb in philosophy: if you want to present a
convicing argument, then construct your enemy, opponent or even straw
men, as strongly as possible.

@_date: 2010-06-29 11:58:39
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] must read: The era of extreme neoliberalism and 
Everything good? Try Karl Polanyi for the double movement: capital
expansion destabilises the system (bad cop), countermovements (good cop)
restabilise the system in order for a new movement of expansion to be
able to destroy what was rebuilt (occurs on many levels and in many
ways). This is one of the central features of capitalism, but one which
has been transformed under neoliberalism, collapsed you might say in the
concepts of participationism where capital expansion and
countrermovements occur simultaneously and thus leave virtually no room
for emancipatory moments in the countermovements. But the welfare state
is not a purely good thing, it is simply the conditions for capital growth.

@_date: 2010-06-29 16:32:37
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] must read: The era of extreme neoliberalism and 
Anarchism - the parts worth mentioning - being a theory and practice of
social organisation is all about institutions, just not hierarchical
ones. Again, it is a good idea to construct your opponent (or anything)
in an argument in a strong sense. Straw men lead to meaninglessness.

@_date: 2010-03-01 01:29:20
@_author: mp 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does this correspond to your experience 
The entire piece is a slip: it begins with the question "What kind of
career?", which is a leading question, infused with the very measure of
capital that the author claims to question. Why did she not ask: "What
kind of person would you like to become, what kind of virtues would you
like to cultivate, any people you'd like to help, social relations you'd
like to establish, indeed, what commons are you going to join?" ??
The answer is of course that she is on the very same track herself, at
best quantitatively different, but qualitatively the same: careering,
competing and perpetuating those very modes of being by asking the way
that she does.
- martin
PS: I just joined the list, having re-emerged to social and virtual life
after completing a PhD titled "Property, Commoning and the Politics of
Free Software", so: Hello all!

@_date: 2010-03-01 13:57:07
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does this correspond to your experience of 
I still need to sort a few corrections, add a few footnotes etc., and I
am also waiting for some amendments from Richard Stallman to the quotes
(from email correspondence) I used of his, before it is ready for public
When that is sorted, I hope it will be featured in The Commoner, after
which you are free to cannibalise every single bit!
- m

@_date: 2010-03-02 22:35:36
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
in complete agreement!
also, for what it is worth - monogamy, in Euro-American culture, is in
great part an aspect of an authoritarian institution called the
christian church...

@_date: 2010-03-03 17:50:34
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
That's the point: monogamy is an authoritarian value imposed upon people
through oppressive institutions - the more you are subjecting yourself
to them, the bigger the strain on your relationship. If you choose to
live monogamously out of your OWN FREE WILL, the pressure decreases. And
vice versa. It is not as if those Christians fundamentalists made the
church and its values originally. They just live in it - and of course
they fail more than others, because they try to live by insane and
insane-making rules to a degree that others do not.
Don't let the tail wag the dog!
This isn't a paradox at all: it confirms the point exactly.
I know nothing about this, really, but one might suggest that being
dependent upon an oppressive force will turn you against that force and
its mechanisms. Not exactly rocket science?!?!?!
- m

@_date: 2010-03-04 13:12:05
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
Combined with protestantism, just about everywhere, embedded in that
thing called culture, self-policed by each and everyone of us, expressed
in common conceptions of sin, guilt, morality in general and, of course,
monogamy (Foucault became quite famous for related observations). Also
embedded in the political and legal systems, expressed in tax-based
incentives, for instance. All connected to the rest of the patriarchal
package deal that capitalists and church fathers have put together. Try
a mainstream romantic or drama movie about relationships to see how it
is perpetuated all the time.
Additionally, the protestant work ethics in great part drives the
economy (see Max Weber on that issue). Euro-America is thoroughly
Christian and has been socially glued by a crusade on "the other" that
has been unfolding with varying degrees of intensity for the last 1000
years - currently "concealed" in the mantra "War on Terror" and the
openly stated in rhetoric about freedom and democracy (i.e. the
capitalist gospel).
Christian power is all around us, inside us and between us.
Monogamy is not about being forced to be married or not. (Besides, what
is "free will"?)
Monogamy is not about staying together or not, but about staying
together ONLY with one. You can remain deeply, sincerely in love with
and be fully committed to one person for your entire adult life, but
still lead a polyamorous life. What marks the difference between the two
- the moral/cultural force that divides the two (where the "other" could
take a thousand different forms, yet are kept in check by the legacy of
the church, and in fact arguments have been made that tie the rise of
the nuclear family to the rise of capitalism (see especially Silvia
Federici's "Caliban and the Witch" but also many others) - in great part
finds its origin in the christian church.
Monogamy, as derived from the church and from capitalist demands, is a
force that seeks to curb the desire to be attracted to others, causes a
tension because it forbids such attraction, which is pretty inevitable,
deems it morally wrong, incorrect behaviour, leading to internal
conflict. Divided and conquered we stand, or fall, rather. The nuclear
family - the monogamous, stable unit, which must remain stable for the
economy to be stable - is the core of reproduction (the reproductive
ciruit, if you want) in the capitalist economy.
As part of neoliberalism, moreover, christianity is on the rise in
Euro-American culture, because outsourcing of social welfare often means
that it is taken on by the church (you get help on the condition that
you go to church) and in US public policy advice and consultation the
x-tians are gaining strength, running workshops etc. (..see the work on
civil society by Max Stackhouse for proud statements of breaking down
the division of state and church in that respect).
I think this is upside down: monogamy is a culturally enforced
phenomenon, derived from religion and economic demands, and "the many
messages that social players send out through advertising" are more
likely constitutive of a reaction to that oppression, if they are at all
related in that sense. Much more probable is the simple fact that sex
sells and that it sells even better in a culture where monogamy is a de
facto (self-)enforced value, because it plays on internal conflicts etc.
- martin

@_date: 2010-03-04 13:24:40
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
There are no serious goal posts and associated coherency valid in the
context of total, deterministic nonsense.
I agree that it is total nonsense, yes.
You didn't - you pointed to divorce rates and equated that with monogamy.
I don't agree to that, because I don't just lump monogamy and divorce
rates together - and I do not do that, because they are conceptually
very different.
I didn't actually agree to anything particular, except that it is was
total nonsense, so my apologies for misleading you.
Finally, IQ testing is nonsense in itself.
 - martin

@_date: 2010-03-05 13:40:16
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
I agree to most of this.
Did anyone suggest that?
Do you mean "finite"?
This sounds like a rather privileged perspective that many in severely
dysfunctional families, migrants or others not within the norm could
only dream of.
Did anyone suggest that? Could it even exist (outside of amoeba)?
Moreover, "simple unregulated" desire could be a social form, indeed, is
that not pretty much how the market is conceptualised by (neo)liberals?
Do you think that the complicated nature of emotional realities arises
because someone acts outside of monogamy per se, or because they act
outside the norm (which happens to be monogamy) in a realm where there
are virtually no role models, no support and, in general, a high degree
of envy, jealousy, stigma and so directed from those inside the
oppressive norms toward those acting outside of that norm?
Social change will never come easy, but reverting to the norm on the
basis of "it functioning best" is not really an argument for anything,
but rather expressive of stagnation.
At the end of the day, some people will naturally-socially prefer one
mode of relationships, or a mixture of modes, while others will prefer
others. At the moment, there are seemingly only two that are acceptable:
monogamy or single. How can the menu of options be enlarged?

@_date: 2010-03-12 10:54:09
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Daniel Araya questions institutionalization 
I just get to walls of enclosure, behind which is a part CIA-owned
empire, when I click on that?!?

@_date: 2010-03-12 10:57:26
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Daniel Araya questions institutionalization 
So, is it centre versus P2P - authoritarian central command of
patriarchs or a union of egos (as Stirner intriguingly suggested) - and
nothing in between?

@_date: 2010-03-13 16:04:14
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who is Wilbur ? 
hahahaha, what a "great" read, those blog entries of Wilber's that you
comment on.
However, he is rightabout one thing: he _IS_ the leader of something or
other (a cult of self-obsessed American dreamers or something), and just
as responsible for his self-inflations as himself are those sheep that
follow him around and put him on a pedestal.
Kill your idols!

@_date: 2010-03-15 19:02:10
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Thorny Triangle: Cyber Conflict 
Importantly, one might say: If you can't grow a carrot, you are a
vegetable. Access to land is prior to any and all of these questions,
which remain mere luxuries unless you can grow your own food for
survival - indeed, dabbling in these questions while people are being
evicted from their land all over the world to grow biofuel for
cyberspace electricity, extract minerals for conductors and cables and
so on, is a displacement act devoid of solidarity with those who suffer
the consequences of our little virtual playground.

@_date: 2010-05-24 17:31:25
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
With exploitation of the socalled developing world, enhanced by the
IOM's management of migratory flows, which provides temporary, low-paid
labour without rights. Add arms industry to taste (see for instance
What else is new?

@_date: 2010-05-24 20:44:59
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
"Good" to hear the old landed/aristocratic elite is optimistic and still
going strong in the traditional sport of promising progress for the
masses, while skimming the cream and fetishising the technologies they
use to maintain control and their position of wealth. Funny perspective
he has on doom - after all he has done his best to provoke it:
Ridley was non-executive chairman of Northern Rock from 2004 to 2007,
earning ?300,000 a year,[7]  having joined the board in 1994. His father
had been chairman for from 1987 to 1992 and sat on the board for 30
In the ten years from 1997 Northern Rock grew its earnings per share by
a compound 17%[9] and donated ?190m to good causes through a covenant of
5% of pre-tax profits to a charitable foundation, established when
Ridley was on the board[10].
In September 2007 Northern Rock became the first British bank for
decades to suffer a run on its finances at the start of the credit
crunch. It was forced to apply to the Bank of England for emergency
liquidity funding, following problems caused by the US subprime mortgage
crisis.[11] Matt Ridley resigned as chairman in October 2007, having
been blamed in parliamentary committee hearings for not recognizing the
risks of the bank's financial strategy and thereby "harming the
reputation of the British banking industry."[12]
His father Matthew White Ridley, 4th Viscount Ridley, KG, GCVO, TD (born
29 July 1925) is a British nobleman, who served for approximately a
decade as Lord Steward of the Household:
The Lord Steward or Lord Steward of the Household, in England, is an
important official of the Royal Household. He is always a peer. Until
1924, he was always a member of the Government.[citation needed] Until
1782, the office was one of considerable political importance and
carried Cabinet rank.

@_date: 2010-05-24 20:57:59
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Oh yes, I know. I think you missed the main part of my post - below your

@_date: 2010-05-24 22:54:19
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Acted honourably?!?
I have grave problems taking serious professors who make 40k a year and
talk about social issues. People who are born with a silver spoon up
their arse and make 300k a year and live in huge castles and what not,
are simply beyond the limits of my taste. I cannot take such people
serious. I find them disgusting. Being a friend of Dawkins and defender
of Lomborg suits him well. Atheists are generally spiritually
impoverished people.
?I wonder what you think about a text like this, which has recently been
It is more to my taste, philosophically and politically. Anyone can
cheer on the status quo and root for the side that's winning. Not much
of a challenge.

@_date: 2010-05-25 14:22:06
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
I agree that post-this and post-that often tries too hard to sound
clever, but I just filter that if the political arguments are useful to
criticise the dominant elite and received wisdom  - and otherwise
philosophically engaging.
How do your ideals of technology and science differ from other ideals
(which you reject)?

@_date: 2010-05-25 16:09:27
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
How, I wonder, do you suggest to address the extreme inequalities that
exist in the world and which are maintained as they are in great deal
through the use of science and technology by people like Ridley? How
will our lot be improved when someone like Ridley has been born
immensely rich and continue to be so, while speaking about improving our
lot, yet sitting in his mansions?
In other words, how can science and technology become emancipatory as
long as it is in the hands of the few, without some ideals other than
status quo are worked on? The elite is hell-bent on killing anyone that
tries to take away even the slightest piece of their cake. That has been
the case for hundreds if not thousands of years and they continue to use
science and technology to maintain their position, suggestiong to me
that the path dependency in science and technology (not per se, but de
facto) is one of inequality and domination.
Where is the transcendence?
Where is the promised improvement, beyond the misleading rhetoric
forwarded to blind the masses?

@_date: 2010-05-26 10:52:52
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Indeed. For instance:
Progress in the sense of Western science and technology all builds in
colonisation, it both made it possible and was fuelled by. And it killed
up to 90% of the population in the Americas (Applause!) and, repeatedly,
whenever a tribe encounters That Great Thing Called Civilization, it
seems that 90% are wiped out - such as the Huaorani/Waorani/Waodani in
Ecuador over the last 20-30 years, for instance.
And of course the rain forests have been cut down to fuel the factories
of progress.
The interesting thing here is that while racism and ignorance allowed
these progresses to go on for centuries - since only the black, red,
yellow and otherwise coloured people suffered at first - science and
progress is slowly becoming self-aware (and that coulld somehow be seen
as progress, but probably too late) through the recognition that, lo and
behold, the planet is a relatively closed system, resources are finite,
and what you do unto your brother's forest you do onto your own climate.
Look at the immense environmental and labour costs that go into the
production of cyberspace, glossed over by the fetishists, the terrible
poisoning of our children by the medicinal industry, inventing diseases
such as ADHD to cover up the great progress of the food additive
industry etc. etc. and the cancerous outlets from all the rest of the
factories of progress, - so until science and technologists fully
recognise the costs to the planet and people and the history of
exploitation associated with their socalled progress, science and
technology remains the little white boy's toys, with which he ignorantly
plays in his sandbox. However, they cannot, because they are locked into
a machine called capitalism for which they have always acted as a
primary justificatory mechanism that the capitalists and the followers
call upon to eradicate any advocacy of equality (which doesn't mean
gleichschaltung as in Hitler).
There is too much blindness resulting from staring into the virtual
fire, like moths we will burn.
PS: Transcendence is a very real thing. Anyone engaging in
self-reflective praxis will have experienced it on a personal level. In
a good relationship it will occur. It can happen for a society or for
humanity as well, but it requires self-critical recognition. Such a
process begins with the history of the social struggles that have given
many the rights which we enjoy today - and that is progress - but which
many are so "easily" surfing past without a trace of solidarity shown
with the bloody past that those rights entail.

@_date: 2010-05-26 18:01:38
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
And if I am stronger than you, you are fucked!
This is the liberal primate stadium.

@_date: 2010-05-26 18:03:04
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
You agree that this is a description of the liberal position, or you
agree to the statements as such?

@_date: 2010-05-27 15:46:25
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Cybernetic Hypothesis 
it emerges from the group of people around the
 journal,
some of who were the targets of the infamous anti-terror assault on
liberties in France:
it is a good piece in that it presents a critical side of technology
thinking that is absent from most the non-reflective glorification that
predominates cyberspace debates.

@_date: 2010-05-28 13:51:12
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
You don't have to, and I don't think that Michel necessarily assigned
that label to you, but to those statements, which in turn, as it were,
reflect also your position on the specific matter in question.
It is a general and typical set of liberal statements, which I (and many
others, as we have already seen, who have an ounce of historical
awareness and a gram of solidarity in their bones) find absolutely sad
and self-serving, and justificatory of half a millennia of concerted
efforts by a small elite, based on racism and exploitation of black and
white alike, to make a claim to the world's resources at the cost of
everyone else. (Try the work of Peter Linebaugh and Marcus Rediker to
gain a perspective in this respect).
It is entirely untenable to hold this arrogant position, if one
considers the enormous agency that go into maintaining the bloody,
violent structures of inequality that make it possible to "just run
ahead of everyone else".
For what concerns progress of the human kind and technology, and the
statement that less die from war, I suggest taking a look at the coltan
driven crisis in the Great Lakes region in the late 1990s, in which more
than 2.5 million people were killed to mainly fuel Nokia's explosive
growth and Sony's many laptops.
What about one million Iraqi children killed as structural implication
of the technology (or technique if you want) of a trade embargo? The
thousands born with horrific defects already and those to come in the
next 1000 years in the region due to depleted uranium that needs to be
gotten rid of somewhere, somehow?
There are at least 37 armed conflicts in the war, right now:
"Most of these are civil or "intrastate" wars, fueled as much by racial,
ethnic, or religious animosities as by ideological fervor. Most victims
are civilians, a feature that distinguishes modern conflicts. During
World War I, civilians made up fewer than 5 percent of all casualties.
Today, 75 percent or more of those killed or wounded in wars are
Africa, to a greater extent than any other continent, is afflicted by
war. Africa has been marred by more than 20 major civil wars since 1960.
Rwanda, Somalia, Angola, Sudan, Liberia, and Burundi are among those
countries that have recently suffered serious armed conflict.
War has caused untold economic and social damage to the countries of
Africa. Food production is impossible in conflict areas, and famine
often results. Widespread conflict has condemned many of Africa's
children to lives of misery and, in certain cases, has threatened the
existence of traditional African cultures. "
Who feeds the arms? People sitting in their armchairs and spouting ideas
of just running ahead...
There are also many more slaves in the world than ever.
Earthquakes resulting from "just running ahead" and depleting water
tables, thus destablising the ground.
Pig flu from Smithfield just running ahead and farming in outrageous
ways all over the world, especially in Mexico.
What about Iraq in general with respect to fat wankers in SUVs? The
theft of the Iraqi oil and repression by mercenaries - all just what the
poor wants the rich, fast and powerful to do? What nonsense! What
disgusting nonsense.
Those statements Michel made to illustrate - and supporting them - are
at once a declaration of war _and_ a justifcation for it as well.
Go and take what you can take and care for no one else, and be faced
with resistance and severe resentment from those who are robbed in the
process. The weapons of the weak might not cut it, but at least, in a
Fanonian sense, there is a psychic degree of liberation in throwing a
molotov cocktail, a suicide bombing, or an assissination.
That is - in very simple terms - the world that is created by the
pretend nonsense of just going ahead and not showing solidarity. It is
pissing on everyone else and hundreds of years of struggle that has made
it possible for non-aristocrats to live a little bit better, as you so
eagerly proclaim. This is not some intellectual matter, but a matter of
life and death.
You would have zer0 seconds in front of your screen if it weren't for
those ideals and ideological struggles that went before you (unless you
are like Ridley, The Man in the High Castle), and to not even recognise
that is sad. If it werent for those struggles you would also be on the
assembly line producing CPUs for the elite. Instead you have
uncritically joined them and turned your back on the past struggles that
have fought and given their blood, sweat and tears for your present.
It is a living contradiction, unless you are old money, to hold this
position - in a sense it is self-denying, for it is also your past.
In any case: it means war, class war. So prepare your fort, for there is
a resistance building.......

@_date: 2010-05-29 03:11:58
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Then you are very privileged. Not since I left home in the White North
in the early 1990s have I felt like that very much and also back there I
saw white trash and people not feeling that great thing you speak of
that has swept our nations and made us all feel so flippin' great that
we just want to swallow the next gadget........
You make a wrongful assumption here. Not all social change will have to
be a new state and a new paternal, coercive, external force. However, a
stable environment for the pursuit of individual pleasure, gain,
development and fulfillment, will require a form of organisation. From
the ground up. Some relevant ideas can be found in autonomous marxism
and anarchist, radical feminism, but labels are not important. The
practice of shared values and acting in cooperation is. Anarchism as a
theory and practice of social organisation, autonomous marxism as a
class analysis framework, loosely, some spiritual perspective to be able
to relate to the sacred nature of many places that are the vital life
force centres of the environment we thrive in. Waterfalls, rivers,
oceans, forests, that kind of stuff. The good cells in our gaian body.
We need them.
You can take the labels out again, they are only indicators, the
important issue here is that social values of transformation are lived
practices. Commoning is one such practice. In these processes the
guiding principle is not some political ideal or abstract conception.
The real in the struggle lies in solidarity and mutual recognition
between groups of the oppressed and between a network of the oppressed
and those in the middle, who can and are able to take a side. That would
be us. You and me and everyone else on this list. We can show
solidarity. Again, take the exact words out again, - who are the
oppressed anyway?!?!?! And here again we find something else that guides
us - ideas, movements, intergenerational intellects and skillful
traditions, moment of glory and moments of defeat. There are ma?y
defeats, but there are also victories in our past. You enjoy them right
now. To ensure their future, get organising with your friends,
colleagues, neighbours. Find out about the exploitative past and connect
with the people who also do so.
This does not have to lead to a state, a new oppressive regime. It can
lead to something different. In fact, it is probably the only thing that
can. Back to life, and bye bye technocracy and technological fetishism
and bad backs. Swim into the future, not sink into the virtual abyss.
People are on the case out there, doing it. Getting together. It is
necessary to log off, though, for some time and boot up a natural
environment and load some project windows and exchange with non-virtual
Claim back land.
Show solidarity with the landless, they have amazing movements, and come
the collapse, perhaps, one day, you are likely landless to, and can you
grow a carrot, what will you eat? Maybe not you, maybe you are fine, but
many won't be.
Land grab and resource squeeze are by now mainstream terms in development.
------------the last movement to grab the last bits of land and of
knowledge................... take a stand now! why don't come on back to
the war, as Cohen sang, that's right get in it. There is a war between
the rich and poor, a war between the odd and the even. The liberal
statements are against the poor, - but they represent the empathically
poor, the easy way out. The couch potato, not the warrior. The
complicit, the comfortable.
To the barricades of mind, time and space!
!Hasta La Victoria Siempre!

@_date: 2010-11-14 15:22:32
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] UK's universal credit 
The Prison Boom Comes Home to Roost
By James Carroll  |  November 8, 2010
The Boston Globe
WILL THE fiscal collapse that has laid bare gross
inequalities in the US economic system lead to
meaningful reforms toward a more just society? One
answer is suggested by the bursting of what might be
called the "other housing bubble,'' for these two years
have also brought to crisis the three-decade-long
frenzy of mass imprisonment. If there was a bailout for
bankers, can there be one for inmates?
It is commonly observed now that, beginning about 1981,
during the Reagan administration, the wealth of a tiny
percentage of top-tier earners sky-rocketed, while the
wages of the vast majority of Americans went flat. A
rapid escalation in the illusory value of homeownership
soon followed. But an unseen boom began then, too -- in
American rates of incarceration, the housing bubble in
prisons. A recent issue of Daedalus, the journal of the
American Academy of Arts and Sciences, lays it out. In
1975, there were fewer than 400,000 people locked up in
the United States. By 2000, that had grown to 2
million, and by this year to nearly 2.5 million. As the
social scientist Glenn C. Loury points out, with 5
percent of the world's population, the United States
imprisons 25 percent of all humans behind bars. This
effectively created a vibrant shadow economy: American
spending on the criminal justice system went from $33
billion in 1980 to $216 billion in 2010 -- an increase
of 660 percent. Criminal justice is the third largest
employer in the country.
But while prisons boomed, something else was happening

@_date: 2010-11-18 11:37:24
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DYNDY - reclaim the media, reclaim the money 
re all,
as anticipated at this years FCFORUM we launched our new project DYNDY
with a presentation in DeBalie Amsterdam, now the project is visible
here:  with brief accounts of the presentation
  the website just started growing and we are confident it will become a
useful reference for community developers who like to empower their
networks with a more efficient media that doesn't decays along with
the dead horse of capitalism.
we're almost daring to shout: don't hate the bank, become the bank! ;)

@_date: 2010-11-19 14:55:37
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Micro-Finance in India Stumbling 
The critiques of microfinancing have long been convincing: it helps
stablise the market economy, it pulls subsistence workers into the cash
nexus through private property title and - at the end of the day - it is
all about debt and it is a billion dollar industry pushing unsustainable
techno gadgets to those who can't afford to buy them, but Nokia must
expand! Stock market poster boys run the show - a neo-philanthropism
feeding on enclosure.
The most amazing thing about this, really, is that some people are
I think this touches upon the discussion about whether commons/P2P
communities can/should/would/ought not to - etc. - engage in the
capitalist market economy - this is a very good example of what that
leads to...
For instance:
The danger of Grameenism  October 2010
By: Patrick Bond
Far from being a panacea for fighting rural poverty, microcredit can
impose additional burdens on the rural poor, without markedly improving
their socio-economic condition. (Also below, Khorshed Alam on why
microcredit initiatives inspired by Mohammad Yunus?s vision and
implemented by Grameen Bank and other NGOs have not gone nearly as well
in Bangladesh as has been publicised worldwide.)
Why Doesn't Microfinance Work?
by Milford Bateman
published by Zed Books, priced ?18.99/$34.95, ISBN 9781848133327. For
more information or to request a review copy please contact Ruvani de
Silva on 020 7837 8466 or ruvani.de_silva at zedbooks.net
Since its emergence in the 1970s, microfinance has risen to become one
of the most high-profile policies to address poverty and
under-development in developing and transition countries. It is beloved
of rock stars, royalty, movie stars, high-profile politicians and
'trouble-shooting' economists. Its most famous pioneer, Muhammad Yunus,
was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.
The New York Times / November 17, 2010
India Microcredit Faces Collapse From Defaults
By LYDIA POLGREEN and VIKAS BAJAJ
MADOOR, India ? India?s rapidly growing private microcredit industry
faces imminent collapse as almost all borrowers in one of India?s
largest states have stopped repaying their loans, egged on by
politicians who accuse the industry of earning outsize profits on the
backs of the poor.
The crisis has been building for weeks, but has now reached a critical
stage. Indian banks, which put up about 80 percent of the money that
the companies lent to poor consumers, are increasingly worried that
after surviving the global financial crisis mostly unscathed, they
could now face serious losses. Indian banks have about $4 billion tied
up in the industry, banking officials say.

@_date: 2010-11-19 15:00:28
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Micro-Finance in India Stumbling 
Yes, they forgot to reconfigure property relations (i.e. they based it
on the individual exclusivity model) and they forgot to change the way
in which money is made through debt.
They also forgot to read history books.
And ignored the analyses.
They enclosed commons in the name of the self-interested agent - thus
perpetuating a culture of destruction and greed.
Best of all, they called it "something good".
Tragedy returns as farce, and they are laughing all the way to the bank....

@_date: 2010-11-19 15:44:47
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Micro-Finance in India Stumbling 
Precisely - and what distinguishes "them" from "us the people" is that
they do things that way - a charity pyramid scheme - and we - if there
is to be a future we - must do things outside of the money system, if we
have any long term goals in mind and if we operate on a foundation of
global solidarity.

@_date: 2010-11-21 20:36:08
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] investment, productivity and ownership 
I haven't look at your discussion, but this is a problematic
simplification of a complex issue.
It is very clear that those "digital commons" on the one hand constitute
the fastest growing carbon emitting indusstry with severe environmental
justice problems - and on the other hand the digital commons and
cyberspace in general are integral elements in the growth visions of
capital interests. So, the digital or cyberspace is both a progressive
possibility and part of the design of the "real enemy, i.e. those
promoting infintie growth".
For sure you can do good with ICT and digital this and that connection,
but in the present paradigm these are one step forward, two steps back,
from the perspective of the peasant commoner who, for instance, had to
leave her land where they mined for the minerals to connect the already
empowered, and she must now go hungry.
A systemic analysis should not gloss over problems merely in order to
convey an optimistic tone. Instead, a systemic analysis should be
complemented with trends and tendencies in the political economy that
are promising. In this context, micropower alternatives, low-energy
gadgets and so on could lead a reader out of the gloomy perspective that
a systemic analysis inevitably entails.
Most importantly, one must stay intellectually honest and open about
ambiguities - and they are plentiful when it comes to cyberspace.

@_date: 2010-11-22 23:41:43
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
There is something to be said for digital commons being simplified,
rather than less complicated. If a digital commoner acknowledged her
resource use and had to organise that - instead of leaving it to nuclear
power and mining corporations - than digital commons would be a lot more
complicated, because they do not only involve virtual light, but an
enormous amount of resources.
Traditional commons are much more "simple", they just handle natural
resources and not a technological, virtual layer on top.
If digital commoners want to join forces with all the other commoners -
whose movements started a thousand year ago and who began to constitute
themselves in the Magna Carta processes - then they need to come to
terms with energy and resource use and face up to the fact that any
commons ought to be responsible to the earth for its impact upon it.
So far the entire digital commons movement seems to be hiding behind

@_date: 2010-11-24 12:40:59
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] reminder of the las indias trilogy 
See also:
The title of this book refers to the bolo, or an autonomous community
corresponding to the anthropological unit of a tribe (a few hundred
individuals). This would be the basic social unit in an envisioned
utopian-ecological future; its name is an example of a word from the
fictional auxiliary language (or rather, a basic vocabulary of about
thirty words) called asa'pili, intended for use in a bolo-based global

@_date: 2010-11-28 17:32:27
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
I didn't pretend to have answers ready and was merely addressing lines
of thought that tend obscure matters rather than lead to solutions...
Yet, let me try to suggest...
Take control: log off, leave the keyboard, occupy land - at least
support those who do, such as the MST; i.e. outspoken support for
landless, peasants and indigenous movements who work for common control
over land is essential. At the moment a lot of free culture does the
very opposite: speaks of immateriality, sucks up to IT corporations and
appears to be allergic to stances that confront the power of capital (as
we heard time and again in Berlin).
Thinking honestly about the problem and refrain from misleading ideas,
such as treating digital commons as immaterial. In other words, discuss
philosophy and politics of organisation of digital commons as if they
were, as they indeed are, very complex systems embedded deeply and
problematically in natural resource systems: i.e. acknowledge the
problem, instead of glossing it over,
We are not even at a problem solving stage yet, we are still deep in
denial - nevermind the material aspect, just look at the widespread use
of, say, Facebook - which is a major agent of enclosure in cyberspace -
by virtual "commoners".
Once we are all on the same kind of page - this is *not* about ideology,
but acknowledgement of the material realities of the virtual and the
power of capital - then let us move forward to the practical questions
you pose. Meanwhile, we need to work on awareness and realisation - and
importantly: global solidarity, meaning that we have to move away from
Euro-centric conceptions of history, which supports a culture that never
has acknowledged very much where its riches came and continues to come
from. Digital commons are parasites on natural resources and territories
of people elsewhere in the world in much the same way as supermarkets are.
When enough eyes see the materiality of the virtual, the hack might
emerge. We are far from that.

@_date: 2010-11-28 22:44:30
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open/closed - wikileaks 
"Secret US Embassy Cables"
Wikileaks began on Sunday November 28th publishing 251,287 leaked United
States embassy cables, the largest set of confidential documents ever to
be released into the public domain. The documents will give people
around the world an unprecedented insight into US Government foreign
More information here: "Interestingly", the US presidential press secretary invokes the concept
of "open" and "free" governments, as well as "human rights" to attack
"To be clear, such disclosures put at risk our diplomats, intelligence
professionals, and people around the world who come to the United States
for assistance in promoting democracy and open government," presidential
press secretary Robert Gibbs said Sunday. "These documents also may
include named individuals who in many cases live and work under
oppressive regimes and who are trying to create more open and free
"By releasing stolen and classified documents, WikiLeaks has put at risk
not only the cause of human rights but also the lives and work of these
individuals," Gibbs said. "We condemn in the strongest terms the
unauthorized disclosure of classified documents and sensitive national
security information." - from:
See also this article in, yes, the Daily Mail:
"Wikileaks: Hillary Clinton ordered U.S. diplomats to spy on UN leaders"
"Top secret cables revealed that Mrs Clinton, the Secretary of State,
even ordered diplomats to obtain DNA data ? including iris scans and
fingerprints - as well as credit card and frequent flier numbers.
All permanent members of the security council ? including Russia, China,
France and the UK ? were targeted by the secret spying mission, as well
as the Secretary General of the UN, Ban Ki-Moon. Work schedules, email
addresses, fax numbers, website identifiers and mobile numbers were also
demanded by Washington.
The U.S. also wanted ?biographic and biometric information on UN
Security Council permanent representatives?.
The request could break international law and threatens to derail any
trust between the U.S. and other powerful nations.
Requests for IT related information ? such as details of passwords,
personal encryption keys and network upgrades - could also raise
suspicions that the U.S. was preparing to mount a hacking operation."
"Mrs Clinton called for biometric details ?on key UN officials, to
include undersecretaries, heads of specialised agencies and their chief
advisers, top SYG [secretary general] aides, heads of peace operations
and political field missions, including force commanders?.
She also wanted intelligence on Ban Ki-Moon?s ?management and
decision-making style and his influence on the secretariat?."

@_date: 2010-11-29 15:56:14
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Hi Roberto,
I have logged off when I have been in remote places or travelling and I
like it a lot. The world around me comes closer and I have more capacity
to process the information emerging from it.
I am not anti-technology and I didn't mean to log off permanently, but
just long enough to see some other dimension. Like you rightly say, the
way we think is technologically embedded and there is a significant
different between pen and PC as a means of thinking and communicating.
As you also say, this is a dilemma - and I want it to be made into a
dilemma, not a simple problem. However, at this stage it is not even
really much of a problem, but rather denied. I think many people are too
deeply immersed in it (ICT) to want to and be able to see it clearly.
1-2 flights per year, 1-2 computers per decade is all that my dilemma
allows me.
I have worked in the Amazon where I taught indigenous people how to take
a PC apart and put it back together, learning the names of all the
components and their functions, before installing Free Software on it,
bringing all of these aspects of the dilemma together into the workshop
space. We talked about the problems of ICT, but that is not the same as
rejecting it.
I don't have a problem with dilemmas at all - I think most things in
life are ambiguous - I am arguing against simplifications or denials of
problems that tend to remove the ambiguity.
The material dilemma must be fully acknowledged/recognised - that's all
I am saying. The leaders of the free culture movement do not do that -
quite the contrary - and many others simply follow their lines of
inquiry, hence obscuring further the dark side. Accordingly, it was the
subject line of this email that prompted this current exchange, which
perpetuates the myth that digital commons are simple, immaterial systems.

@_date: 2010-09-03 13:52:50
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: Blogpost: Open Data: Empowering the 
This is a good argument. And you can add environmental justice and
solidarity with labour to it, which means that you need to address the
very mode of production, energy and other resource that the production
of IT involves. Generally Free Culture and Free Software advocates are
blind to these aspects.

@_date: 2010-09-03 16:41:12
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: Blogpost: Open Data: Empowering 
Let me try again - even if a bit quick:
In order to enjoy Open Access one requires access to the means of
access, i.e. technology. Without access to computers and the Internet,
Open Access gives you nothing. Therefore Open Access - if it is
empowering - divides people.
So, let as assume that if you DO have access to computers and the
Internet, Open Access is good for you. In other words, more computers
and more broadband need to be provided if the Open Access argument
should be a good one (without creating a new divide, as you argue).
Then, if we consider that the IT industry is now heavier on the
environment than aviation, thus contributing significantly to climate
change, degradation of water tables, melting of glaciers etc. etc., it
becomes obvious that the proposition above (more computers needed) is
impossible within the current mode of production without an increase in
the suffering caused by that production - that is an environmental
justice issue.
Moreover, the people who work within that industry (migrant workers,
low-paid, the children who disassemble the hardware when it is thrown
away in the end etc. etc.) are suffering from all kinds of problems
(skin diseases, cancer etc. etc.), meaning that increasing the
production of hardware - in order to make the Open Access argument work
- will increase the suffering of those who will have to labour for it.
That is the labour solidarity issue.
Does that make it slightly clearer?

@_date: 2010-09-14 01:04:29
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "The New Cooperativism" - Journal Publication 
Another related special issue:
Rethinking Marxism A Journal of Economics, Culture & Society, Volume 22
Issue 3 2010
THE COMMON AND THE FORMS OF THE COMMUNE
Compressed in a 5MB .zip file. Download, decompress, read and if/when
reflecting on these articles, make your reflections freely available.

@_date: 2010-09-21 12:13:58
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] arguments for p2p meat production 
To that you can add another aspect: vegetarianism/veganism is sometimes
used as an argument against the peasantry and small-scale, traditional
farmers, who are "inefficient" in their land use. In other words,
arguments *against* meat eating that are based on industrial meat
production figures and facts are used to undermine the livelihoods of
people who have traditionally taken care of the country side and who
perform non-industrial practices. --A set of criteria derived from one
paradigm, applied to another.-- In Switzerland - as an example - there
are pastures that have a much much higher protein content (due to herbs
like alfalfa) than the kind of grass-lands used when calculating the
anti-meat argument, and these pastures are the result of traditional
farmers nurturing the land and grazing their cows. As "efficiency" based
on industrial thinking encloses the countryside, those nurtured pastures
are neglected and lost as weeds take over. (This is a point to which I
was alerted by a radical union of Swizz traditional farmers).

@_date: 2011-01-01 19:15:43
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information sector: a qualitatively different 
The signal to noise ratio is probably not very conducive for this kind
of discussion and there is a good chance that we are quite simply on
different playing fields. I am concerned with a philosophical inquiry
into the foundations of economic relations.
Anyway, I have tried.
Not quite "just banter": firstly, one of the pride fruit trees of the UK
(which human beings and other animals carried from Kazakhstan once upon
a time) is the apple tree. There used to be more than 6000 varieties on
this island, all propogated by human beings, none emerged god given by
nature. Since, if you grow this crop from pip you are very unlikely to
get any nice fruit at all. Hence apple trees as we know them are all
grafted. As far as I know, the same goes for avacado trees and probably
many others. In any case, the intergenerational aspect of cultivation
cannot be underestimated - there is no objective state, only process and
This latter point - and the more socio-cultural positive understanding
of human-soil relations - is also more and more entering into
development theory and practice in the context of food sovereignty and
community-led development in order to counter the myth that rural
populations degrade the environment (another modern, science derived
aberration) and show that in fact landscapes are often a result of human
interventions for the purpose of working with nature (which is hard work
- that's why the green revolution obviously led to urbanisation, no more
work in the countryside to do). For instance:
"Historical research in West Africa has shown dominant deforestation
estimates to be vastly exaggerated. Many of the vegetation forms that
ecologists and policymakers have used to indicate forest loss, such as
forest patches in savannah, are, according to the knowledge of local
resource users and historical evidence, the results of landscape
enrichment by people." - from:
Or, as Terence McKenna used to say: Humans and the other animals are
invented by the plants to carry their seeds around - essentially we give
them a better life and they give us a better life. A feedback loop. To
view them in isolation is bizarre to me and somewhat unfair and arrogant.
Secondly, of course there are differences between, say, UK and the
tropics - why do you think the English et al. have been robbing the
tropics blind for 500 years? - and this is another reason why starting
out with the "thing" is reductionistic (and as noted below, also
economistic thinking). Context is everything and we organise the thing
in the political realm as we see fit, not as the things determine.
For what concerns permaculture and for what it is worth, I am actually a
certified permaculture designer, although I have never practiced it for
real, except when I visit my friends in permaculture villages. I must
remember to tell them that they do something wrong, since they work so
hard to be in symbiosis with nature - instead of just reaping its
abundant fruits that come by themselves from the blue sky. You need to
come and teach proper permaculture in this country, for they seem to
work so hard to make ends meet.
So, no, not just banter, but socio-cultural realism.
This is the common, mainstream argument, which arose in the context of
creating artificial scarcity, and which I reject. It is misleading and
springs from a line of thought associated with the rise of neoliberalism
and informational capitalism. Its origins is a wrong and adding another
wrong doesn't make it right in my eyes.
I find it reductionistic, simplistic and in denial of the material base.
It relies upon the export of the costs - the externalities - of that
production, and is as such very close to neoliberal thinking. If you had
to chop down three trees in the village orchard and dam the river to
generate the power required for digital copying could you *just* do it?
Would you be encouraged - or does the encouragement and ease of copying
and redistributing rely on turning a blind eye to externalities?
This common, widespread, well rehearsed argument is an abstraction ad
absurdum entirely divorced from reality, which of course is no surprise,
as it originates in a neoliberal context of ulterior motives. It is an
argument that fits much better in the neoliberal context in which it
arose: How can we prevent people from copying the thing and ensure we
can profit from it indefinitely? This economistic perspective concerns
the thing once it has been produced, yes, but it also centrally concerns
the fact that those who did produce the thing actually had to invest in
the material base from which it springs.
It is very difficult to discuss this if you change the goal posts: I say
"not primary" you say "ignore". That is either misleading or confusing.
I didn't say that essential characteristics of a thing are not
important, or even crucially important, but they are not of primary
importance at all. They come at best in third place - after the
collective answering of the primary question: Do we want to share it?
Secondly, what is our context environmentally and beyond that? Then you
can begin to ponder features of the thing. Starting with the thing is an
odd fetishist hang over from capitalist thinking.
In any case, I disagree. You might say that I am wrong and that you are
right, but I still disagree.
In political philosophy terms I consider the primary and deterministic
view on "production process" and "thing in question" somewhere between
crude marxism (as I said earlier, but this is probably an idiosyncratic
error, since I don't really know much about marxism) and neoliberalism:
void of social relations around it and disregarding externalities. At
any rate: the shaping of social relations have been subjected to the
essence of a thing - so if we can generate a list of essential
shareability properties, then all we need is a computer to calculate
degrees of sharing? No need for politics, no need for dialogue: the
thing determines. What a horrible vision and logical conclusion.
I do not want to envisage a world in which the essential properties of a
thing determine whether it is shareable or not. It sounds so mechanic
and reductionistic - it makes the little hairs in my neck stand up. If
we need to share it, let's do it. If we like to share it, let's do it -
let us find a way, then worry about how easy or difficult it is next.
Most of this - if that should be of any interest at all - I have argued
in the context of property relations here (especially pages 160-164) and
although it is a somewhat different context, the parallels should be
obvious - and the need to escape reductionistic thinking were social
relations are subjected to the essence of things transpire:
Pedersen, J.M. (2010) ?Properties of Property: A Jurisprudential
Analysis?, The Commoner, Special Issue, Volume 14, Winter 2010, 137-210.
There is also some stuff on "things" here (pages 12-18):
Pedersen, J.M. (2010) ?Introduction: Property, Commoning and the
Politics of Free Software?, The Commoner, Special Issue, Volume 14,
Winter 2010, 8-48.
I find this a sad statement and testimony to the end of politics: let
the thing determine all. Let us compute society.
Still the people who are displaced as a real-life consequence of this
encouraged sharing, the river that is dammed, the trees that are cut to
make way for the road etc. etc. either have to be ignored in this
argument, or we have to decide that we do not care about externalities,
even if it makes a killing in more than one sense. All that matters if
the essence of the thing - humans and their relations are secondary or
simply given by the nature of thing. I am in tears...
So, yes, you are right, the nature of a thing is important, but not of
primary importance in a social world, -- but certainly in an objective,
reductionistic, laboratory-like reality.

@_date: 2011-01-02 16:56:47
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitatively 
Yes, of course there are constraints and it might be more difficult to
share a car than it is to share a poem, but that is only so if you have
(access to) a pen and a paper, or, as it were, a digital network,
electricity, and a vast industrial apparatus inventing, developing,
producing, distributing, discarding, disassembling, recycling hardware
and a labour force writing the software required to do so.
Therefore, in some situation, for argument's sake, it might also be more
easy to share a car than it is to share a poem digitally. It all depends
on access and configuration of society. That is, everyone is implicated
and therefore everyone ought to be allowed to participate in the
decisions about what can be and is shared, rather than just calculate
shareability on the basis of essential features of a thing.
You shift terms here, which makes this exchange rather difficult. Now
you say "partly determine", sometimes it is "primary importance",
sometimes it is just "determine". In any case, nothing in a thing,
outside of an economistic dystopia (fast emerging!), determines its
shareability - only people (ought to) determine that.
What I am saying is quite simply: the nature of a thing does not
determine whether it is shareable or not, and should not, but political
processes - community dialogue - is where shareability is determined.
Anything can be shared, from mountains to scrolls you bring down from it.
In the moment you let the nature of the thing determine whether it is
shareable or whether it should be organised in this or in that way, then
we have fully entered the economistic reality that takes of - some say,
anyway, more or less - with Alfred Marshall's Principles of Economics
(1890), which detached economics from moral, social and political
philosophy, rendering it an objective science detached from social
realities. The beginning of the end of the social.
It was a crossroads and to go further down the wrong road is not the
best route to a good, I would argue, but instead we need to reverse this
trend and remarry economics with social relations and not just let the
latter be determined by the former.
In other words, first and primary question is one of community: Who are
we, what do we have and how do we want to share it? The essential
features of a thing might influence these decision making processes and
localised, contextual arguments might be made invoking such essential
features in the political process, but to say that digital sharing is
"encouraged" by its essential features is entirely misleading unless you
hide/export the externalities, which is a common neoliberal thing to do.
No, that is an implication of the philosophy chosen, which follows the
economistic trend and which has produced the world in which we live
where social relations just follow (are determined by) economics (hence,
the crude marxism + neoliberalism statement-- where the former might be
a completely wrong association, it is just a feeling I have) and where
politics are economics calculations and virtually nothing more.
I have argued somewhat along the same lines in a critique of Benkler's
conception of commons-based peer production here (pp: 68-77 & 130-136),
although a lot of the more basic philosophical discussion about had to
be cut for the final version, as it is old hat in political economy:
Pedersen, J.M. (2010) ?Free Culture in Context: Property and the
Politics of Free Software?, The Commoner, Special Issue, Volume 14,
Winter 2010, 49-136:
Now you do this again, phrasing your comments so as to suggest that I am
attacking Roberto personally. I find it manipulative and divisive. We
are discussing concept and arguments. Not people.
What I am arguing against is a way of understanding economics as
detached from moral and social concerns and against letting things
determine social relations -- that is the world of capitalism and
commodity festishism, it is a reality distortion borne out of capitalist
democracy's narrow, economistic thinking. A straight jacket of which we
must rid ourselves.
I hope this makes it a little clearer. It is what you could call a
bi-partisan concern in political economy - left and right political
economists are trying to being these fields of study together again, to
reconnect economics with social realities, and the way in which Roberto
argues for essential features of a thing as determining factors -
primary to social and community concerns, including environmental
justice and global solidarity - reflects this narrow, economistic
universe that is being pulled down over our eyes, in which livelihoods
are for sale and profit maximisation (one of the the essential features
of the thing called a commodity) determines society.
It is not a particularly big point, most social and environmental
philsophers, as well as sociologists interested in moral economy
studies, are well aware of this point. It is a philosophical point, but
it has extensive political ramifications - indeed, it threatens the very
fabric of community and is also the kind of thinking that helped turn
the Hardin's fiction of pasture tragedy into policy reality.

@_date: 2011-01-02 17:03:53
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitative 
This is also seemingly very close to the central argument in this essay:
I don't think, however, the problem is property generally, but rather
the conflation of property generally (which could take almost any form,
collective, communal, personal) with property in particular, namely
capitalist democracy's exclusive private property form.
As such, I think the task at hand is to reanimate the language of
property so as to widen it conceptually in order to be able to organise
commons and commoning. See this call for contributions about that:
Two Volume Special Issue of The Commoner:
 Property, Commoning and Commons
~~ Call for Contributions to Volume 2 ~~
In legal and philosophical terms the organisation of a commons is
encoded into property protocols, which structure its use, access and
decision-making rights and responsibilities. Property, then, is central
to debates about commons and commoning: how do commoners relate to each
other with regard to a given resource and how is a commons defined
vis-a-vis the rest of the world?
As discussed in Volume 1, property relations are not only exclusive,
private property rights as instantiated within capitalist democracy (a
particular conception of property). As a jurisprudential concept,
property can be used to understand, analyse, reflect upon and organise
social relations with regard to things in any context (the general
conception of property). The conflation of the general with the
particular conceals the historical and anthropological fact that
property can be and is understood (very) differently and hence
consolidates existing property regimes.
The purpose of this two volume Special Issue is to instigate further
debate about property, commoning and commons. The call for contributions
to the second volume continues on page two, following details about the
first volume.
Volume 1: Property, Commoning and the Politics of Free Software, Issue
14, Winter 2010.
The first volume features a three chapter essay derived from a PhD
thesis titled ?Property, Commoning and the Politics of Free Software?
and was published in The Commoner as Issue 14, Winter 2010. In three
closely connected chapters - (i) 'Free Culture in Context: Property and
the Politics of Free Software' (ii)  'Properties of Property: A
Jurisprudential Analysis', (iii) 'Free Software as Property' ? this
volume contextualises the political economy of Free Software (and Free
Culture) within a wider analysis of property relations through a
philosophical and political inquiry into the materiality of
immateriality from a commoners perspective within a framework of
intergenerational struggles for self-determination, autonomy and
community-led development.
See  and  for
further details.
Two Volume Special Issue of The Commoner:
 Property, Commoning and Commons
~~ Call for Contributions to Volume 2 ~~
For Volume 2 we are inviting two kinds of contributions.
On the one hand we are calling for stories about existing or emerging
commons. Are you involved in a community-supported agriculture project,
a Free Software project, a permaculture eco-village, a housing co-op or
any other form of commoning and would you like to share a max. 5-10
pages story about how your group came together and how your commons is
structured? We are looking here for practical insights into how social
relations with regard to things can be configured in ways that are not
dictated by capital. We are particularly interested in accounts that
illuminate how communities share, develop and use resources and land in
common. This will be helpful for other commoners by providing
inspiration ? a form of skill-share. It offers a platform to publicise
your commoning project (of course anonymous stories are welcome for
obvious reasons) and maps the territory of social relations with regard
to things that are not defined by the measure of capital.
On the other hand, we are calling for academic pieces, theoretical
musings and also responses and critiques to Volume 1, which aims to come
to terms with property, commoning and commons in the context of Free
The central purpose of this two volume Special Issue is to enrich and
reanimate the language of property and explore the extent to which it is
useful for projects of commoning, however we also welcome arguments for
why property should not be applied to commons, in order to diversify the
debate and open up for all critical questions concerning property,
commoning and commons.
The deadline is ? loosely as always - May First, 2011. Feel free to get
in touch if you have suggestions for contributions: m.pedersen -at-

@_date: 2011-01-02 17:12:44
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitative 
No, I am arguing for a philosophical position that can prevent P2P
falling further and eventually entirely into the hands of capital
interests. A position in which commoners of the land and digital
commoners find common ground and collectively defend commons against
enclosure. I am critically, but constructively arguing for ways in which
P2P can be understood and conceptualised in such ways that its utopian
realities can be realised.
I think many cyber utopians' libertarianism and various economistic
arguments serve capital interests in the long run, and not P2P culture.
Have pasted section below in which I conclude on some of this:
1.5.2 Framed for the market.
We have seen how Benkler's work contributes to an expansion of the
economistic framework that enables it to better capture the dynamics of
social production. These social relations he defines as outside the
market and property, which he otherwise considers very important
?The rules of property are circumscribed and intended to elicit a
particular datum? willingness and ability to pay for exclusive control
over a resource. They constrain what one person or another can do with
regard to a resource; that is, use it in some ways but not others,
reveal or hide information with regard to it, and so forth. These
constraints are necessary so that people must transact with each other
through markets, rather than through force or social networks, but they
do so at the expense of constraining action outside of the market to the
extent that it depends on access to these resources? (Benkler 2006: 24).
Social production for Benkler, then, is the kind of social relations
that are currently not captured within ?the market?, as that institution
is traditionally understood. Moreover, social production should not be
subjected to the private property and contract mechanisms that define
the market, because these mechanisms are considered unfit for the
intangible realm of information. Instead the economistic framework ? the
language of marketeers, essentially ? must be enlarged to be able to
systematically capture the dynamics of social production, while, and
this is the crux of the matter, private property and all the wealth
concentrated on that basis remains unquestioned. In other words, the
power amassed through the private property regime in the tangible realm
is left untouched, but as an organisational mode is rejected from the
realm of ideas; because the operation of existing powers in the tangible
realm needs a free flowing virtual commons in order to continually have
access to ideas, knowledge and information. The organisational mode of
the tangible realm, however, remains. That is to say that Benkler is
developing a framework with which to capture social production without
destroying it. It is the construction of ?capitalist commonism?, to use
an oxymoron, that we see in the work of Benkler.
Capitalist commonism recognises that existing economic powers cannot
sustain themselves without a minimal degree of commonalty in the
intangible realm. In order for the operation of the industrial apparatus
to sustain itself it must refrain from enclosing in a traditional sense
the intangible realm, because it needs this realm of ideas to feed its
increasingly information dependent, but heavy, physical machinery of
electronic commodity production.
The dynamics of social production, however, are captured through
incorporation in the economistic framework. That permits those
institutions that organise themselves with such means ? corporations,
states and many NGOs and PGOs (Pseudo-Governmental Organisations) ? to
scientifically grasp those dynamics and thus extract the surplus value
that arises from the excess capacity embodied in relations between citizens.
The excess capacity, as we saw, is capacity in excess of basic
requirements, such as housing, food, time and skills. Housing and food
are tangible matters, while skills are transmitted most often through
tangible means in physical spaces, most of which is organised by means
of private property and thus ? largely ? remain in the hands of the few.
Excess capacity, then, by a small stretch of the imagination, can be
understood as positive externalities that cannot be internalised on the
basis of the usual mechanisms of enclosure, because these mechanisms
would destroy the commons once and for all. By analogy, such enclosure
is like overfishing: if you land all the fish they cannot reproduce
themselves and you have nothing to fish for any more. The virtual
commons must be defended, but ways to reap its positive externalities ?
the economic potential inherent in the pooling and extraction of its
productive forces ? are required for capital interest, confined to the
tangible realm, to be able to carry on its expansionary movement. The
information commons, therefore, becomes a capitalist commons and it is
Benkler's great achievement that he has begun to establish a framework
from within which tangible powers can extract wealth from the intangible
realm without destroying that realm. From a capitalist perspective this
is genius, because it resembles a sustainable fishing policy: we can
keep fishing, but the fish will remain available. From an
anti-capitalist perspective it is a domestication of the virtual commons
and consequently a separation of the virtual commons from the real
commons, conceptualised in terms that relies upon state power and in
turn justifies state power.
It is similar concerns that have led to Tiziana Terranova (2000) to
argue that in the phenomena that Benkler calls ?social production? we
rather see an emergence of ?free labor? that offer new ways for capital
to consolidate itself through extracting wealth from social relations
hitherto external to direct market relations. Not only is it free
labour, we may venture, but resistance-free labour. In her later work
she sees Benkler's conceptualisation of social production as offering
?liberal and neoliberal economics a refinement of its logic that does
not significantly break with its overall political rationality?
(Terranova 2009: 251-252). That reflects the argument I am making here.
In Benkler's presentation she finds that ?[n]on-market production, in
fact, is based in social cooperation, but it becomes economically
effective, that is it achieves the status of an economic phenomenon?
(2009: 252), because, as Benkler says ?it increases the overall
productivity in the sectors where it is effective ... and presents new
sources of competition to incumbents that produce information goods for
which there are now socially produced substitutes? (Benkler 2006: 122).
In the networked information economy ?[s]ocial life and economic life
would thus find a point of convergence where the former would no longer
find its expression exclusively within the reproductive sphere of civil
society but would become directly productive in the economic domain?
(Terranova 2009: 251). It is this economistic perspective that
domesticates social production - ties it to capital - and funnels the
wealth created through these non-market relations back into capital. I
am arguing in this essay for a social analysis of property relations for
exactly the reason that Terranova criticises Benkler's account:
?Although nothing in principle prevents social production from
outperforming competitive markets as a more efficient economic form, it
still seems destined to remain subaltern to the logic of the neoliberal
market as a whole ? In a way it seems as if, once passed through the
?reflective prism? of political economy, social production loses all
potential to actually produce and sustain radically different forms of
life ? which would neither coexist nor compete with neoliberal
governmentality, but which could question its very logic? (ibid: 252).
Being able to question the ?very logic? of neoliberal economics, I
argue, involves an analysis of property from a social movement
perspective. Paradoxically, then, I develop a view on property that is
inspired by the phenomenon of Free Software. It is paradoxical because
the Free Software Foundation, the self-organised civil society
institution and social movement that defines Free Software, does not see
the concept of property as relevant for Free Software. They vehemently
reject the idea. In that sense I am standing outside the movement,
insofar as we understand the movement as the voice of its leaders. But
why should we?
Although I argue against their rejection of property, the main purpose
is not to advise the Free Software Foundation on matters of policy
strategy and tactics, but to provide the wider global network of social
movements working to (re-)create commons with a map and matrix of
property that can be used to advance their causes and to grasp just how
multi-faceted a concept property is. Understanding Free Software as
property is a very useful starting point for transcending existing
conceptions of property, because when understood as property, Free
Software opens the door for radically different configurations of
property. Importantly, Free Software is an example of a community
articulating their own relational modalities and thus defining how they
self-organise to make space for a realisation of their ?needs, desires,
aspirations, affects and relations? (De Angelis 2005a). While it is
certainly an important victory for community based, self-legislation, it
is perhaps even more importantly a crack in property where the light
gets in: if we inscribe the relational modalities of Free Software upon
the concept of property, then the concept is forever changed. In other
words, its ?framing effect? would be entirely different and informed
debate become possible.
Above I used the term paradox to avoid any association with
self-contradiction. It might be read as if I am contradicting myself,
declaring allegiance with social movements, then turning around to
conceptualise the dynamics of a social movement in terms that they
reject.  However, the contradiction is on their part.
The libertarian values that the Free Software and Free Culture movements
exhibit are not liberties that were won in the struggle for virtual
commons and the right to share digital information and cooperate on
software projects. The freedoms upon which the Free Software commons
rests ? the liberties that make it possible for such a movement to act
and organise ? are liberties won by struggling women and men, who with
their bodies fought for land and freedom.  The habeas corpus in which
virtual commoners find themselves is an outcome of a struggle that has
been unfolding for almost a millennia. Arguably, the leadership of the
Free Software and Free Culture movements are separating themselves from
the real commons. The commons of the land and the commons of the means
of production and distribution are the fundamental commons without which
virtual commons are merely lambs for the profit slaughter.
The view on property that is shared by the Free Software and Free
Culture movements obviously invite a critique that clearly goes beyond
virtual culture itself, serving as a perfect point of departure for a
critique and reassessment, long needed, of property in general.
Critiques and reforms are certainly needed, lest the promissory notes of
Free Culture are to whither in the twilight of enclosure.
Pedersen, J.M. (2010) ?Free Culture in Context: Property and the
Politics of Free Software?, The Commoner, Special Issue, Volume 14,
Winter 2010, 49-136.

@_date: 2011-01-03 13:33:19
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance in agriculture 
I really find this exchange at some odd cross-purposes and
misunderstanding. I don't quite understand what we are talking about,
but I do notice that my example of "apples and avocados and probably
others" have been rendered "all plants in the uk", while the avocado
doesn't even really grow there. I am not sure why you would twist my
words like that, but if I caused that to happen with my delivery then I
take the responsibility for derailing the conversation.
All I wanted to say is this: for hundreds of thousands of years human
being have developed symbiotic relations with nature and nurtured a lot
of plants, landscaped regions (the Andes is a very good example),
facilitated some plants' growth and delimited others - and that this
symbiotic relationship is an important aspect of contemporary autunomous
and community-led development and agro-ecology approaches in the context
of food sovereignty in order to counter the conservationist idea that
nature is best left alone and without human touch, which is understood
by conservationists to be harmful, *not* symbiotic. I don't deny that
wasteland will be conquered by plants over time, but in this part of the
world rarely by a lot of edible and eatable things unless perhaps you
are clorophylliac.
For what concerns permaculture in the UK it almost sounds like you don't
quite understand what it is like to convert a temperate climate grass
field into a forest and beds of crops - and bring up children, build and
rebuild benders, pump water, struggle with the planning system and
disgruntled neighbours and so on, while still being able to put food on
the plate. All of these things are part of *living with nature*, unless
you have a nice flat with a fridge and a supermarket for backup and just
make excursions out into the abundance.
But if you are right, then you really should come here, because the
people I know and regularly visit are embedded in the core of the UK
permaculture movement. Yes, it is about making things easier, and they
do their best, training with each others, organising workshops, sharing
skills and ideas between communities, but that doesn't mean it is a walk
in the park, -- a lot of things have to be undone, redone and made and
remade, until maybe 15-20 years down the line when the fruit trees start
to cover an areas and carry fruits and provide firewood (after cutting
grass around them, offering them gifts, doing ceremonies and communing
with the spirits of the land to align with its energies and so on).
Your comments about being misled I will just ignore, because I don't
think they apply and some misunderstanding must be at the heart of this

@_date: 2011-01-03 13:49:19
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitative 
Yes, this is a perception that misses some of the most important aspects
of contemporary social movements in Euro-America: firstly, of course,
the movement that Roberto and I have been bantering at cross-purposes
about, namely permaculture movements that struggle with reclaiming land
or living with nature vis-a-vis planning laws and conservative rural
dwelling city professionals and other disgruntled locals. There is a
very good magazione in which many of their stories and analyses are
collected called The Land:
Secondly, the community-supported agriculture movements are reorganising
relations between people and the land - and transforming in doing so
also the relation between people and the fruits of the land, which are
rendered collective fruits of commoning instead of commodities.
In any case, if there were noone trying to reclaim land we would have to
focus even more in it, not less..

@_date: 2011-01-03 14:33:10
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitative 
I had an exchange with Richard Stallman about his and the FSF's position
on property. I sent 44 emails between May 12, 2007 and January 30, 2008.
Stallman responded with 58 emails between May 13, 2007 and January 18,
2008. I asked for his permission to publish parts of the exchange with
the essay and also gave him a chance to review and edit his side, which
he did, but only some minor cosmetic changes and a bit for clarity. We
profoundly disagreed.
I paste it below, but to answer your first question: the FSF and leading
Free Culture advocates want to see and conceptualise copyright as
policy, not property. I argue against that.
Also, I have posted the exceprt here for easier reading and access to
original text with footnotes and page numbers:
1.3.2 Property and the tangible/intangible divide: a policy of what?
In this section I examine the reasoning behind the particular framing of
the intangible realm that characterise information exceptionalism.
Siva Vaidhyanathan, prominent cultural environmentalist and professor of
Media Studies and Law at the University of Virginia, writes that ?[i]t
is essential to understand that copyright in the American tradition was
not meant to be a ?property right? as the public generally understands
property? (2001: 11) and ?[c]opyright should be about policy, not
property? (ibid: 15) and ?[c]opyright is not property as commonly
understood. It is a specific state-granted monopoly issued for
particular policy reasons? (ibid: 253). Moreover ?[c]opyright was a
matter of policy, of a bargain among the state, its authors, and its
citizens? (ibid: 23) and ?Jefferson even explicitly dismissed a property
model for copyright? (ibid.).
That copyright is a matter of policy, not property might sound strange
to a lawyer or a philosopher trained to understand copyright as a
particular instance of property relations with a temporal limit and who
understands property as a matter of policy. Some things do not quite add
up. Nevertheless, that copyright is a matter of policy, not property, is
a point that the founder of the Free Software Foundation, Richard
Stallman, together with other advocates of ?Free Culture?, wants us to
Essentially, the Free Software and Free Culture movements reject the
concept of property and instead choose to frame issues pertaining to
ideas, information and knowledge - or the intangible realm - in terms of
freedom, liberty, human rights, policy, intervention, and regulation.
Anything but property, but preferably ?policy?.
Two mediate questions arise from this position: (i) What is policy? (ii)
Why should we choose to adopt one term instead of another? I will answer
them in turn.
What is policy? Is there something in the word that clearly delimits it
from property? What does policy actually mean and where does the term
come from? It is term that is etymologically compounded by two roots.
The Greek ?polis? - ????? ? which means ?city? or ?state? and also
?citizenship? or a ?body of citizens?. In other words, a rather general
term suggestive of ?political society? and those ?who make up that
society?, either individually or collectively, or their status within
that political society. The second root of policy is the Latin
?politus?, which means ?polished? in the sense of ?refined?. In late
Middle English the compounded ?policy? ambiguously referred to
?political sagacity? and ?political cunning?, the former presumably the
meaning it had for those in power, while the latter likely reflects the
views of common people. Despite the ambiguity, or perhaps exactly
because of this ambiguity, policy referred to ?what those in power are
doing, how they rule society?. The modern term policy, then, enters the
English language conveying the meaning of ?a constitution?, which is now
rare or obscure, but in 18th century political science referred to
?government, administration?; or was equated with ?polity?, which in
turn meant ?civil order?, ?administration of a state?, ?civil
government? or ?a particular form of political organization? (OED 1955:
1536-1537)2. In other words, policy is a broad term that we may say
refers to a variety of activities that a state performs as part of the
governance of its people.
In the context of capitalist democracy, therefore, the conventions that
institute its particular form of private property is a central part of
the state's policy. It is a policy that gives rise to certain laws, such
as ?theft? codified into a statutory offence in the Theft Act 1968 in
the UK, where Section 1 reads ?A person is guilty of theft if he
dishonestly appropriates property belonging to another with the
intention of permanently depriving the other of it; and ?thief? and
?steal? shall be construed accordingly? (Theft Act 1968). Private
property is part of the state's policy and the Theft Act is an enactment
of that policy, which is necessary to secure the stability of
possessions as declared in the policy.
If we return to the claim that ?copyright is policy, not property? it
becomes obvious that there is a conflation at play, which is deployed
for tactical purposes. The choice of policy over property is presented
as a matter of tactic, rather than analysis: tactically it is decided to
focus on ?policy?, despite an analytical awareness that property can
take on many different forms. This tactic is chosen on the assumption
that the public cannot understand the term ?property? in the way that
lawyers and philosophers are able to.
However, property is a form of policy ? or it is a manifestation of
policy. We may say, for instance, that ?private property is a central
ingredient in foreign aid policy in order to further entrepreneurship?
or that ?private property was central to Thatcher's reasoning for the
policy to turn council housing tenants into house owners?. Or, expressed
?If it is true?as it must be?that copyright is policy, then it is
equally true that all property rights are policy? (Mossoff: 2005: 33).
The claim that copyright is a matter of policy, not property can also be
unpacked differently. Instead of arguing whether property means this or
property means that ? in the context of what are essentially artifices
of justice at any rate ? we can ask what debates around each of these
respective issues entail. What kind of questions are asked in
discussions about property relations and what kind of concepts are at
play in discussions about copyright. Here it ?is easy to see that every
tangible property entitlement has arisen from a crucible of moral,
political, and economic analyses, and thus implicates the same questions
about utility, personal dignity, and freedom that now dominate the
debates over digital copyright. The preeminent property cases that every
law student studies in the first year of law school are exemplars of
this basic truth? (ibid.). Nevertheless, investigating the claims of the
?information exceptionalists? further will be instructive3.
As part of the tactic to substitute policy for property in the context
of understanding copyright, Free Culture advocates claim that copyright
understood as property is a modern invention carried out by scheming
corporations using the rhetoric of (natural) property to distort the
public perception of the underlying and original policy of copyright
(Stallman 2004)4.
However, the
?...story supposes that a multilateral treaty would be written and an
international agency established with a wholly new name that no one was
familiar with. In fact, WIPO's predecessor international agency was
called the ?United International Bureaus for the Protection of
Intellectual Property.? It was commonly known by its French acronym,
BIRPI. BIRPI was formed in 1893, as a combination of two small agencies
that had been established to administer, respectively, the Berne and
Paris Conventions. Thus, ?intellectual property? was a conscious,
nineteenth-century category created to subsume both ?literary property?
(Berne) and ?industrial property? (Paris).? (Hughes 2006: 1005-1006)
Further good evidence for the tradition of understanding copyright and
patents as property has been provided recently as a response to these
seemingly misleading claims:
?There can be little question today that intellectual property assets
are forms of ?property.? The Patent Act expressly declares that ?patents
shall have the attributes of personal property? and the Supreme Court
acknowledges them as such. The Copyright Act states that ?ownership of a
copyright may be transferred in whole or in part by any means of
conveyance or by operation of law, and may be bequeathed by will or pass
as personal property by the applicable laws of intestate succession.?
(Menell 2007: 37)
Consider also a publication that pre-dates cultural environmentalism and
Free Culture:
?English law has considered copyright a form of property. An 1842 decree
asserts that "Copyright ... shall endure for the Natural Life of Such
Author and shall be the Property of Such Author". In other decrees the
terms "the owner of the copyright," "ownership of copyright" and
"proprietary rights" are mentioned? (Matuck 1993: 406; see also Mossof
2005, 2007).
There is no evidence to suggest that intellectual property is a new
term, on the contrary. To understand why Free Culture and Free Software
advocates are rejecting the term, we need to understand their perception
of the public imagination and the public's capacity to understand issues
concerning property and social organisation. Lessig explains:
?If you're a lawyer, it's OK to think of intellectual property as
property, because we're trained to use the word property in a careful
way. We don't think of it as an absolute, perpetual right that can't be
trumped by anybody. We understand property rights are constantly limited
by public-use exceptions and needs, and in that context we understand
intellectual property to be a very particular, peculiar kind of property

@_date: 2011-01-03 18:53:25
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitative 
Yes, that is why I call their position "information excpetionalism"
(following Mossof, who calls them "internet exceptionalists", and who
himself by the way is a property fundamentalists who thinks that all
property relations should be modelled on the exclusive, private model).
Yes, RMS makes this quite clear.
Perhaps not, but the motivation for my critique is that this view is
shared by the leading commentators and they have set the agenda and
shaped the philosophy that underpins a lot of Free Culture politics -
including information exceptionalism - and many continue to follow their
lead. I wanted to begin developing a different philosophical and
political economy foundation that does not suffer from this
contradiction and inconsistency and doesn't by implication serve the
interest of capital and the owners of the tangible means of production.
Also, even if you disregard Benkler, Lessig et al. they continue to be
embraced by people who might think twice about doing so, if they were
aware of their philosophy and its political implications. That's what I
wanted to bring out.
It has implications, philosophically and politically. It is misleading
and helps keep property thinking in the dark.
I never did think we were, but I think we differ on the importance of
the philosophical and political implications of this tactical stance.

@_date: 2011-01-03 21:56:04
@_author: j.martin.pedersen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] just a word on "property" 
Hi Silke,
We are in fact in perfect agreement :)
Property = Social relations (which of course are between people), but
they are *with regard to* things.
This is a fairly standard jurisprudential position, which unfortunately
is lost in most economistic accounts that wittingly or unwittingly
follow the philosophy of neoliberal conceptions - which in turn of
course are manifestations of the success of the commodity and the
fetishism it spreads and spreads with.
I have excerpted a section in which this is outlined here:
and pasted below,
Property as social relations.
To begin with, then, we need to overcome the idea that property is a
simple person-thing relation that implies an absolute (or even
conditional) entitlement:
?We often think of property as some version of entitlement to things: I
have a right to this thing or that. In a more sophisticated version of
property, of course, we see property as a way of defining our
relationships with other people. On such versions, my right to this
thing or that isn't about controlling the "thing" so much as it is about
my relationship with you, and with everybody else in the world? (Rose
1993: 27-28)
Hohfeld?s matrix.
The more nuanced perspective can in great part be attributed to ?a
pivotal article? (ibid: 42, note 10) by Wesley Newcomb Hohfeld in which
he outlined ?Some Fundamental Legal Conceptions as Applied in Judicial
Reasoning? (1913). However, because the work of Hohfeld stands as a
milestone in the liberal and legal positivist traditions, not much - if
any - ?politically radical? work has been built on his conceptions;
indeed there is a general reluctance amongst anti-capitalists to engage
with liberal jurisprudence, including structural analyses of property.
This can be taken to reflect the conflation shared across the political
spectrum and in the public imagination that property in general is seen
as equal to the very particular social relations that exclusive, private
property rights give rise to. Or, private property rights, particular to
capitalism, are understood as property in general. Writing on property
often does not unpack a given instance of property properly, but for
instance merely states that ?property is theft?. That is in itself a
false reference, since Proudhon arguably was among the first to
seriously analyse and unpack the idea of private property, which he did
not simply write off as theft (Waldron 1988)1.
Hohfeld?s important contribution to jurisprudence was a way of
systematising components of legal reasoning. His analysis applies to
property as one of the sub-systems of law. Hohfeld ?expounded the lowest
common denominators of the law by reference to two squares of
correlations and opposition? (Harris 1996: 120-121):
  Right                      Privilege
  Duty                       No-right
  Power                   Immunity
  Liability               Disability
Illustration 1: Hohfeld's matrix. (this obviously doesnt work being pasted)
In this matrix there is correlation (vertically) between right and duty,
between privilege and no-right, between power and liability and between
immunity and disability; while there is an opposition (diagonally)
between right and no-right, between duty and privilege, between power
and disability, and between liability and immunity. The top half of the
squares refers to the entitlements that characterise jural relations,
the bottom half to its correlated position.2 On Hohfeld?s account of
jural relations, each such relation consists of four basic components:
(i) the person or group of persons holding an entitlement (X); (ii) the
person or group of persons occupying the position correlative to the
entitlement (Y); (iii) the form of the relation (i.e. whether it is,
say, a right-duty relation or a power-liability relation); (iv) and the
content thereof (the specification of the right-duty relation).
A Hohfeldian explication of proprietary entitlements would hence specify
the content of such entitlements. That is, it would specify what Y must
do or cannot do, and what X may do or can do. With regard to proprietary
entitlements, any suitable specification would necessarily refer to the
object or resource with regard to which X and Y have to behave in a
certain way3. In that sense, the relation of primary importance is the
relation between people (X and Y, you and me), even though this relation
will concern things. We can begin to understand property relations as
social relations between people ? all people ? with regard to any given
The matrix permits us to understand the simple dominion conception ? the
vision of one individual having absolute, legitimate control over a
thing ? as implicating everyone else. Our starting point thus becomes
the web of relations between people, and the interrelated nature of
their actions which always involve objects, things, resources as either
settings or props. Hohfeld's work added that multi-lateral dimension to
liberal jurisprudence and thus raised awareness of the complexity of the
social relations that are involved in any given instance of property
Social relations as starting point.
In a related context, yet with a different analytical approach, Sol
Picciotto takes note of the importance of the starting point in analyses
of property: ?Property should be thought of in the first instance as
social? (2003).
In formulating what can be understood as a general understanding of
property relations, Irving Hallowell, following the versatile Huntington
Cairns (1935) and Hohfeld, emphasises the triadic character of the
institution of property. In a classic anthropological theory essay from
 ?'A owns B against C', where C represents all
other individuals? (Hallowell 1974: 239). The dominion conception of
property, by contrast, is dyadic. A dyadic conception of property would
propound that A owns B, without C even entering into the equation. The
difference is one of starting point, where the dyadic conception fails
to see that the notion of an entitlement logically implicates those whom
it is an entitlement against.
The triadic understanding as a starting point in analyses of property
relations permits a more thorough understanding of property relations in
general. It also facilitates and enhances an analysis of any given
particular set of property relations within a specific economic system
or culture, such as capitalist democracy.
?If we wish to understand property as an institution in any society our
primary concern must be an analysis of the pattern of rights, duties,
privileges, powers, etc., which control the behavior of individuals or
groups in relation to one another and to the custody, possession, use,
enjoyment, disposal, etc., of various classes of objects. In such an
undertaking we have to reckon with an exceedingly complex network of
structural relations and a wide range of variables, the specific pattern
or constellation of which constitutes the structure of property as a
social institution in any particular case.? (Hallowell 1974: 239)
Here we have the definition of property with which I would like to
start. Property relations, on this view, are social relations. These
social relations make up and are shaped by a ?pattern of rights, duties,
privileges, powers, etc., which control the behavior of individuals or
groups in relation to one another and to the custody, possession, use,
enjoyment, disposal, etc., of various classes of objects?. The etceteras
of the definition might worry the analytic philosopher, but they open up
the general concept of property to a wide variety of particular
configurations. This open definition should not prove to be
controversial. It is reflected in Jeremy Waldron's work where he defines
property as ?the concept of a system of rules governing access to and
control of material resources? (Waldron 1988: 31). It is taken for
granted in the elaborate frameworks that Andrew Reeve (1986), and John
Christman (1994) present, as well as in discussions of intellectual
property rights, such as Hettinger?s ?Justifying Intellectual Property
Rights? (1989). All start from a perspective of property as social
relations between people with regard to things ? patterned by legal or
customary protocols that guide behaviour.
As already mentioned, Harris?s authoritative treatment of property,
however, argues that property protocols have distinctive features
without which they might still be protocols guiding people?s behaviour
with regard to things, but they would not be property protocols. It will
be instructive to familiarise ourselves with Harris?s terminology and
account at this point.
