
@_date: 2008-12-05 02:10:08
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] query on Money Publications? 
Thank you for organizing your thoughts on the p2pf wiki in a way which
Most axioms in maths are non-logical (or non-universal) and are specific to
the particular theory.
The positions each piece in a set of chess pieces takes on the board can be
considered a non-logical axiom and that the rules of the game are the rules
of inference and so the player can generate propositions by planning their
moves and those propositions are provable based on the axioms and the rules
of inference. This is the way I use the word axiom and it may be due to the
fact that I have a background in computer science as opposed to pure maths.
I will change the wording to say "Basic Facts" as I certainly don't want to
mess with people's definition of truth.
A lot of your feedback centers on whether the "axioms" can be considered
"axioms" That's probably indicative that you come from a pure maths
background or economics? :) It's use in theoretical computer science simply
means basic facts.
Isn't the designer of a bran new game (or model) free to set the facts for
the model/game? The answer is obviously yes if it's just a game.
However, if the model is for more than a game, i.e. if it's trying to define
a mysterious creature known as an "economy" then all bets are off.
But it is a game for now, and I figured that if the game is realistic
enough, i.e. that people can make money, make things, buy things, accumulate
wealth, lend, borrow, and compete (along positive lines) then the game is
realistic enough for me, and I would setup a community (in say Second Life
or another virtual place) that would play that game. And what do we have
then? A contrived or made up economy but to people in that virtual community
it would be _the_ economy.
Now, having clarified the context, which is something I have to do in the
essay itself, I can answer your arguments from this context.
OK, so assume the section heading said Model's Basic Facts, and the model
was/is for a game that I call p2p economy, then what is there to prevent me
from defining a basic fact that says "money is a neutral carrier of both
information and power" ? Absolutely nothing. As long as I'm designing a
model for a game. When it comes to designing a model for _the_ economy, the
question is what is this economy? Is it the current economy? some mysterious
creature? or a game that I am designing myself, basic fact by basic fact,
rule by rule?  If the answer is the latter then I'm off the hook. If it's
the former then I have done a really bad job explaining the context. The
idea is that I'm defining a model for a game that emulates a future vision
of a fictional economy that does not exist, and then I'm saying if I
implement this and people play it such that they end up creating money,
making and buying things, lending, borrowing, then that fictional economy
becomes _the_ economy for the players involved, and so as the economy's
designer I can set whatever basic facts.
Now the real question is: am I changing the nature of money from what it is
in today's economy?  I believe you're saying that I AM.... So I do need to
think about what you're saying and why you think that seeing money as a
carrier of information and power changes its nature from what we know today.
That I do have to look into so that I don't make a statement to the effect
that I'm not changing the nature of money in the model I'm working with.
Good point, but we're talking about two different kinds of power. There is
power transfer in every monetary transaction, from A to B, and then there is
the power in control of the supply of money. While the distribution of new
money supply is 'distributed' in the model the control over the supply is
still centralized. I think that control does not mean that power is held by
Peer Bank, which is the central authority in charge of money supply, not in
charge of money distribution, as
the distribution happens according to the arbitrary set of peers that sell
their excess locally
generated energy to Peer Bank in return for currency, which happens when
Peer Bank decides to print new money, which is controlled by automated or
semi-automated decision process since the entire economy is online and
measurement of growth is automated. This means that Peer Bank doesn't have
power over distribution of new money and not even over when to print new
money (since that can be automated under this simple model).. To be complete
in my description here, peers can also sell energy to each other and just
use Peer Bank as the financial/regulatory hub for those transactions.
3. Enough people will exercise socially conscious judgment when given
the opportunity.
I think this axiom doesn't work at all.  What is the "opportunity?"
How would we define a "socially-conscious judgment?"  Does it have to
actually lead to a mutually-beneficial decision, or just somehow be
aware of others in some way?
If I'm given a choice to buy organic cucumbers or ones with pesticides that
are cheaper I personally would decide for the former. The affinity matrix
assumes full transparency. In a game that's possible. In an actual
economy... well, that's another story but some people have been calling for
producers to be transparent and once one big producer, e..g. WalMart becomes
transparent or requires it from other producers then others will follow or
lose out to WalMart ...
Rather than an axiom, I think this should
be flipped into a question: at this time, what is the best situation
that enables the best opportunity for beneficial decision-making?
In the context of the model, it is a basic fact that enough people will buy
organic, enough people will not buy food with MSG and other toxins, and
enough people will buy from sellers who support the same values as they are.
This is part of the thing to be verified in the actual game (when I have put
it together) or it will invalidate the second proposition of the model re:
directing money flows to be in sync with society's conscious values.  So it
is to been seen from playing the game not from talking about playing the
game as game theorists do. It's one of those things that maybe impossible in
theory and only possible in practice.
Well, in today's economy I don't see everyone being a producer, a lender,
borrower, and creator of money all at the same time.  I don't see how
everyone can be a producer unless production and communication costs come to
near zero, e.g. in a peer production economy.
I will repaste my reply from above here:
Most axioms in maths are non-logical (or non-universal) and are specific to
the particular theory.
The positions each piece in a set of chess pieces takes on the board can be
considered a non-logical axiom and that the rules of the game are the rules
of inference and so the player can generate propositions by planning their
moves and those propositions are provable based on the axioms and the rules
of inference. This is the way I use the word axiom and it may be due to the
fact that I have a background in computer science as opposed to pure maths.
I will change the wording to say "Basic Facts" as I certainly don't want to
mess with people's definition of truth.
A lot of your feedback centers on whether the "axioms" can be considered
"axioms" That's probably indicative that you come from a pure maths
background or economics? :) It's use in theoretical computer science simply
means basic facts.
Isn't the designer of a bran new game (or model) free to set the facts for
the model/game? The answer is obviously yes if it's just a game.
However, if the model is for more than a game, i.e. if it's trying to define
a mysterious creature known as an "economy" then all bets are off.
But it is a game for now, and I figured that if the game is realistic
enough, i.e. that people can make money, make things, buy things, accumulate
wealth, lend, borrow, and compete (along positive lines) then the game is
realistic enough for me, and I would setup a community (in say Second Life
or another virtual place) that would play that game. And what do we have
then? A contrived or made up economy but to people in that virtual community
it would be _the_ economy
 <<
You've basically set me on a mission to re-write the Context section, as
well as to clarify the levels of power (re: Peer Bank vs Peers) and why the
real power resides with the peers and with the whole rather than with  Peer
Bank (the powerless central entity)
I need to add "transparency on parts of the producers" as one of the Basic
Facts ;)

@_date: 2008-12-05 03:43:57
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] query on Money Publications? 
FYI, the following changes were made as a result of Stan's arguments:
1. Added the following under Model's Scope:
"This model equates money to a neutral carrier of power and information.
While that may not be the 'nature' of money as we know it, it is what this
model recognizes about money (or, more specifically, the currency that is
described by this model.)"
2. Added the following under Model's Axioms:
"These axioms are not necessarily universal axioms.
They are 'basic facts' that are specific to this forward-looking model."
and a new [non-universal] axiom:
"4. Most producers and sellers would agree to complete transparency in their
own social, ecological and environmental value and those of the thing
they're selling and those of the transaction itself (see Affinity Matrix)"
3. Added new section, Peer Bank, with following explanation:
New money is only created by Peer Bank when Peer bank needs to inject new
money into the economy (e.g. in line with economic growth) and the peer
produced energy exchanged for this new money is stored by Peer Grid to hedge
against unexpected rise in demand (over available peer energy supply.)
Otherwise, Peer Bank simply simply acts as a financial hub for exchange of
peer produced energy for Peer Dollars and Peer Dollars for peer produced
Peer Bank does not have power over the distribution of newly created money.
The distribution of new money is decided by the collective process of peers
selling their excess locally generated energy to Peer Bank during the time
when Peer Grid is storing energy (see above paragraph for context.)
Peer Bank does not have power over when to create new money (or how much to
create). Under this model, the decision to print new money is automated and
linked to growth in the economy. This maybe too simplistic by comparison to
the factors involved in the decision to print new money in the current
economy, but other factors can be added later as part of this automated
In other words, Peer Bank does not hold the power to manipulate the economy
in opaque and/or arbitrary fashion."
I believe that what's going on is that the level of discourse I've seen so
far assumes that the model is to be based in some way on the existing
economic/monetary model.
I hope the changes above, together with what's already stated under Context,
do the job of clarifying that it is an entirely new model that is to be
turned into a game to test out its propositions, i.e. does it work like
expected? If it does then the next step would be to build a P2P client and
the step after that would be to trial it in a brand new off-the-grid
community in say 10 years when the technology and people are ready for
something new that works better, at least in limited context. It may very
well evolve into a 'niche model' for small off-the-grid communities of the
For now, it's its own world, defined from the ground up, with no connection
to today's economy and with the context being a game.
Stan: Thank you for the thought about money as a "relationship"  ... I think
I agree with that perspective and will do some thinking and further updates
to reflect that ....
Essay has been updated as noted above:

@_date: 2008-12-06 17:22:50
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] query on Money Publications? 
This discussion has led me to update the Model's Limits, as follows:
Model's Limits
"This model subscribes to the 2nd Law of Thermodynamics and thermodynamic
theory in general, including statistical thermodynamics, but it's different
enough than previous attempts (in
to warrant a new attempt. In addition, its timing, which coincides with the
collapse of the current economic model (see: global economic meltdown 2008,)
is decisively better.
Having said that, if the economy as a whole fails to produce more goods and
services as a result of cheaper more abundant energy, e.g. people decide not
to, then this model will not work.
More generally, while nature always abides by the laws of thermodynamics,
man always has a choice.
However, over the long range, and statistically speaking, human
civilizations are driven by the same laws as nature.
So while it's up to the people to make this model work, since man has been
part of nature for so long, and has tried to overrule it for so long,
unsuccessfully, and is now trying to make up for it, I think that man is
ready to adopt an economic model driven by the laws of nature, not the
dictations or desires of man. In other words, the success of this model is
based on the wisdom of man, which is something that cannot be modeled (see
also: Affinity Matrix.)"
Among the other changes in 0.20.3 is the following:
(Excerpted from Affinity Matrix for P2P Trading)
If we think of money as a neutral carrier of power (the power, as a buyer,
to give to the seller of things you want/need to have) as well as
information (the criteria for giving the power to the seller of the things
you want/need to have), then money becomes a tool, like any other tool, and,
while it can be used for good or bad, if we frame it as a tool and encourage
the buyer to use intelligently (per their use of this affinity matrix,) with
transparency required on the part of the seller, then most people will use
it for good. Having said that, what is "good" (or what "goodness" is) is a
non-computable judgment, whereas the non-universal axioms (or starting
truths) of this model are founded on deductive and probabilistic logic. So
in order to keep this model logical, the preceding statement, that most
people will use this abundant-resource-based (or abundance-based)
'programmable money' for good, should not be taken a basic fact (or starting
truth) of this model but rather as this author's own non-computable
what is "true."
Thank you for initiating the discussion.
I was, and still, looking for names of academic journals that are open to
non-orthodox views of what is an economy ... :D

@_date: 2008-12-22 15:50:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Energy Storage Capacitor 
With implications to P2P energy production and storage ....
via Slashdot (so take with a grain of salt):
An anonymous reader sends us to GM-volt.com, an electric vehicle enthusiast
blog, for the news that last week EEStor was granted a US
their electric-energy storage unit, of which no one outside the
(no one who is talking, anyway) has seen so much as a working prototype.
We've discussed the company on a
The patent  (PDF) is a highly
information-rich document that offers remarkable insight into the device.
EEStor notes "the present invention provides a unique lightweight
electric-energy storage unit that has the capability to store ultrahigh
amounts of energy." *"The core ingredient is an aluminum coated barium
titanate powder immersed in a polyethylene terephthalate plastic matrix. The
EESU is composed of 31,353 of these components arranged in parallel. It is
said to have a total capacitance of 30.693 F and can hold 52.220 kWh of
energy. The device is said to have a weight of 281.56 pound including the
box and all hardware. Unlike lithium-ion cells, the technology is said not
to degrade with cycling and thus has a functionally unlimited lifetime. It
is mentioned the device cannot explode when being charge or impacted and is
thus safe for vehicles."*

@_date: 2008-12-23 12:32:03
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Towards a P2P Thermoeconomic Theory 
Per Michel's request for implications of thermoeconomics in the context of
P2P social theory:
(This is a very rough slice of a much larger future blog post)
We can come up with a morally optimal model of society with the only
constraints being our own conscience and ideas, but if we do not look at the
observed laws of nature (and particularly the laws of thermodynamics) that
constrain any model that involves physical resources then the model will run
aground sooner or later.
This does not make the social model any less relevant than the physical
model. They are both equally important to understand, and they can be made
to work together in harmony.
I'll start with a useful definition of thermodynamics:
Thermodynamics is a branch of physics which deals with the energy and work
of a system. Thermodynamics deals only with the **large scale response** of
a system which we can observe and measure in experiments.
1st Law (also related: conservation of energy, conservation of mass,
conservation of momentum):
"Within a given domain, the amount of energy remains constant and energy is
neither created nor destroyed. Energy can be converted from one form to
another (potential energy can be converted to kinetic energy) but the total
energy within the domain remains fixed."
2nd Law (as a follow up to the 1st law):
"We can imagine thermodynamic processes which conserve energy but which
never occur in nature. For example, if we bring a hot object into contact
with a cold object, we observe that the hot object cools down and the cold
object heats up until an equilibrium is reached. The transfer of heat goes
from the hot object to the cold object.
We can imagine a system, however, in which the heat is instead transferred
from the cold object to the hot object, and such a system *does not violate*
the *first law* of thermodynamics. The cold object gets colder and the hot
object gets hotter, but energy is conserved. Obviously we don't encounter
such a system in nature and to explain this and similar observations,
thermodynamicists proposed a *second law of thermodynamics*. Clasius,
Kelvin, and Carnot proposed various forms of the second law to describe the
particular physics problem that each was studying.
The description of the second law stated here was taken from Halliday and
Resnick's textbook, "Physics". It begins with the definition of a new state
variable called
has a variety of physical interpretations, including the statistical
disorder of the system (very relevant to thermoeconomic information
processing), dispersal of energy, etc, but for our purposes, however entropy
may be defined (in different interpretations), let us consider entropy to be
just another property of the system, like (not as) temparature, with
whatever interpretation you want to use.
What the second law states, is that for a given physical process, the
combined entropy of the system and the environment remains a constant if the
process can be reversed.
An example of a *reversible process* is *ideally* forcing a flow through a
constricted pipe. "Ideal" means no boundary layer losses. As the flow moves
through the constriction, the pressure, temperature and velocity change, but
these variables return to their original values downstream of the
constriction. The state of the gas returns to its original conditions and
the change of entropy of the system is zero. Engineers call such a process
an isentropic. Isentropic means constant entropy.
The second law states that if the physical process is *irreversible*, the
combined entropy of the system and the environment must *increase*. The
final entropy must be greater than the initial entropy for an irreversible
An example of an irreversible process is the problem discussed in the second
paragraph. A hot object is put in contact with a cold object. Eventually,
they both achieve the same equilibrium temperature. If we then separate the
objects they remain at the equilibrium temperature and do not naturally
return to their original temperatures. The process of bringing them to the
same temperature is irreversible.
When it comes to bits and bytes some of the the physical constraints that
follow from the first and second laws of thermodynamics are:
Hardware/Physical Domain:
1. The continuous cost of energy (whatever it is, e.g. near zero) used for
powering the hardware (including the cost of maintaining and evolving the
capability of the energy generation capacity)
2. The continuous cost of energy used for the maintenance of the hardware at
every point, from desktop to network core, mesh infrastructure or the
hardware landscape, including the communication channels. This includes
energy used in manufacturing of new hardware or replacement parts.
Information Processing/Virtual Domain:
3. The continuous cost of energy for evolving the capacity, scale and
quality of the communication/transportation/connectivity
4. The continuous cost of energy to power our "human bandwidth for
information process," i.e. the energy we need to power our brains/bodies ...
There is also the 0th, 3rd and 4th laws of thermodyanmics which complete the
picture, but it's xmas guys and I have 20 minutes to shower and get to the
mall before someone here shoot me.
Anyway, while having an engineer's understanding of thermodynamics I would
like to invite a rational dialog that would help to bridge the gap between
social and physical theory, which is a process of reconciling two different
axiomatic deductive systems :-)
Seems like everything is fractal, with problems expressing themselves in
other problems with lower and lower resolution (more wiggle room) as we go
down the chain and more resolution (less wiggle room) as we go up the chain,
but "reality" operates at all levels in the chain. We just have to recognize
the common patterns across all our different deductive systems because its
those common patterns that will allow us to build a common picture.
Merry xmas/Happy Holidays :)
On Tue, Dec 23, 2008 at 10:28 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2008-12-24 07:03:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thermoeconomics + Re: Ontologies 
Hi Paola,
Your paper definitely shines a light on an important area in engineering of
complex open systems, i.e.: the need for continuous maintenance.
While there is a need for continuous maintenance of ontologies, language
itself seems to be self-maintaining, and that's evident by the fact that we
are able to use it with the same degree of success after many hundreds of
years, which implies that we're continuously maintaining our internal model
of it.
I believe that the mechanisms underlying our biological immune system are
the same mechanisms, algorithmically speaking, as the mechanisms that
maintain our internal model of language. This means that language has shared
biological basis, which explains how it's able to maintain itself without a
central authority.
In the case of the immune system, we (humans) have adapted to foreign
proteins like the sugar protein in dairy and red meat. Primates have not.
Their immune system attacks those proteins which get absorbed into their
tissue, thus causing inflammation etc, which is why they avoid dairy and red
So the design of an 'adaptive immune system' is, IMO, a key piece in the
puzzle for self-maintaining complex [open] systems, including ontologies.
So instead of listening to people like Clay Shirky who've suggested that
ontologies are a dead end we should be looking at how our biological immune
system works (and why it fails when it does), how it learns to resist viral
infection, and how it adapts to distinguish between pathogens and food, so
we may gain clues as to how we may design self-healing, dynamic ontologies
that are open to new concepts, modified versions of existing concepts,
disturbance, etc.
That's all I can think of for now as far as ontologies go. I plan to blog
about it in the not too distant future.
The way your paper relates to thermoeconomics, IMHO, is that it highlights
the need for constant maintenance of our information processing capability,
not just our communication channels, so I'd re-phrase the four types of
costs I'm aware of as follows:
When it comes to bits and bytes some of the the physical constraints that
follow from the first and second laws of thermodynamics are:
1. The continuous cost of energy used for powering the hardware at every
point, from desktop to network core, mesh infrastructure or the hardware
landscape, including the communication channels (including the cost of
maintaining the energy generation capacity and adapting it into the future)
2. The continuous cost of energy for the maintenance and adapting of the
hardware at every point, from desktop to network core, mesh infrastructure
or the hardware landscape, including the communication channels. This
includes energy used in the development and manufacturing of new hardware or
the production of replacement parts.
3. The continuous cost of energy for powering our human hardware (or
bioware), including our information processing capability (our brain) and
our communication channels (our senses)
4. The continuous cost of energy for the maintenance and adapting of our
human hardware (or bioware), including our information processing
capability (our brain) and our communication channels (our senses)
I plan to get started on the new Thermoeconomics section of the P2P
Foundation wiki later (after the holidays) and I am wondering if your paper
is available under CC license?  What is the copying policy?
I had used copy&pasted physics definitions from a NASA website in my
previous email (in quotations) and I'm not sure what the general copyright
policy is for excerpts, i.e. what is 'fair use' ?

@_date: 2008-12-24 07:11:15
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thermoeconomics + Re: Ontologies 
"This means that language has shared biological basis, which explains how
it's able to maintain itself without a central authority."
where I should have written:
"This means that the maintenance and adaptation of language may have a
shared biological basis, which would explain how a collaborative
construction like language, with 1 billion+ users, is able to maintain
itself and adapt without a central authority."

@_date: 2008-12-24 11:01:54
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thermoeconomics + Re: Ontologies 
Hi Paola,
This is my thesis:
The complex, adaptive behavior represented by our own human immune system
(not the behavior of ant colonies or bacteria), which is affected by our
psychology (emotions, ego, etc), nutrition, genetics, and our environment,
may provide a shared biological basis for the process by which we maintain
and adapt our internal model of language. Or, at least, it provides a model
of an adaptive process that can be applied to the problem of maintaining and
adapting open complex systems such as ontologies.
Thanks for permission to quote from your paper.

@_date: 2008-12-24 13:11:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Towards a Natural P2P Theory 
This will be linked to from the P2P Social Currency
As an engineer, I'm much more familiar with natural/physical side than the
social side, so this could be an opportunity to collaborate.
We can define a model of society that is optimal with respect to our morals
and ideals, but if we do not look at the observed laws of nature (and
particularly the laws of thermodynamics), which constrain any model that
involves physical resources, the model will run aground sooner or later.
This does not make the social model any less relevant than the observed
physical laws. They are both equally important to understand, and they can
be made to work together in harmony.
In the context of this article, we are concerned with bringing P2P social
models and Thermoeconomic models (or thermodynamic models of the economy)
together in harmony in the form of a Natural P2P Social Theory.
 Background
Thermoeconomics is a general loosely defined economic model based on the
idea that the economic construct of cost is ultimately derived from the cost
of energy. This axiom (or starting truth) is then used, along with the laws
of thermodynamics, to construct a model of the economy that works with, not
against, physical law.
The term Thermoeconomics was coined in the 1960s by American engineer Myron
Tribus . However, the ideas of
thermoeconomics are often arrived at independently and naturally by those
who have an interest in both the laws of nature and the economy.
So far, Thermoeconomic theory has focused almost entirely (or entirely) on
modeling the economy as a thermodynamic system and not enough focus has been
given to social and moral ideals.
This author has been a model of P2P social currency that combines the
thermodynamic model of the economy from Thermoeconomics with the author's
evolving comprehension of P2P social theory.
Thus, this article, which strives to reconcile both worlds, is expected to
become part of the author's current work on P2P Social Currency for
Renewable Energy Economy
Towards a Natural P2P Theory Thermodynamic Cost Constraints in a P2P
Economy Laws
of Thermodynamics: Definitions
Thermodynamics is a branch of physics which deals with the energy and work
of a system. Thermodynamics deals only with the *large scale response* of a
system which we can observe and measure in experiments.
*1st Law* (also related: conservation of energy, conservation of mass,
conservation of momentum):
"Within a given domain, the amount of energy remains constant and energy is
neither created nor destroyed. Energy can be converted from one form to
another (potential energy can be converted to kinetic energy) but the total
energy within the domain remains fixed." (source: NASA website)
*2nd Law* (as a follow up to the 1st law):
"We can imagine thermodynamic processes which conserve energy but which
never occur in nature. For example, if we bring a hot object into contact
with a cold object, we observe that the hot object cools down and the cold
object heats up until an equilibrium is reached. The transfer of heat goes
from the hot object to the cold object.
We can imagine a system, however, in which the heat is instead transferred
from the cold object to the hot object, and such a system *does not violate*
the *first law* of thermodynamics. The cold object gets colder and the hot
object gets hotter, but energy is conserved. Obviously we don't encounter
such a system in nature and to explain this and similar observations,
thermodynamicists proposed a second law of thermodynamics. Clasius, Kelvin,
and Carnot proposed various forms of the second law to describe the
particular physics problem that each was studying.
The description of the second law stated here was taken from Halliday and
Resnick's textbook, "Physics". It begins with the definition of a new state
variable called entropy. Entropy has a variety of physical interpretations,
including the statistical disorder of the system (very relevant to
thermoeconomic information processing), dispersal of energy, etc, but for
our purposes, however you may define entropy (using whatever
interpretation), let us consider entropy to be just another property of the
system, like (not as) temperature.
What the second law states, is that for a given physical process, the
combined entropy of the system and the environment remains a constant if the
process can be reversed.
An example of a reversible process is *ideally* forcing a flow through a
constricted pipe. "Ideal" means no boundary layer losses. As the flow moves
through the constriction, the pressure, temperature and velocity change, but
these variables return to their original values downstream of the
constriction. The state of the gas returns to its original conditions and
the change of entropy of the system is zero. Engineers call such a process
an isentropic. Isentropic means constant entropy.
The second law states that if the physical process is irreversible, the
combined entropy of the system and the environment must increase. The final
entropy must be greater than the initial entropy for an irreversible
An example of an irreversible process is the problem discussed in the second
paragraph. A hot object is put in contact with a cold object. Eventually,
they both achieve the same equilibrium temperature. If we then separate the
objects they remain at the equilibrium temperature and do not naturally
return to their original temperatures. The process of bringing them to the
same temperature is irreversible." (source: NASA website)
(need to add 0th, 3rd, 4th laws)
Laws of Thermodynamics: Implications
When it comes to bits and bytes that, in a P2P Economy, carry both the
transactions for goods and services as well as digital goods and services,
some of the the physical constraints that follow from the first and second
laws of thermodynamics are:
1. The continuous cost of energy used for powering the hardware at every
point, from desktop to network core, mesh infrastructure or the hardware
landscape, including the communication channels (including the cost of
maintaining the energy generation capacity and adapting it into the future) 2.
The continuous cost of energy for the maintenance and adapting of the
hardware at every point, from desktop to network core, mesh infrastructure
or the hardware landscape, including the communication channels. This
includes energy used in the development and manufacturing of new hardware or
the production of replacement parts. 3. The continuous cost of energy for
powering our human hardware (or bioware), including our information
processing capability (our brain) and our communication channels (our
senses) 4. The continuous cost of energy for the maintenance and adapting of
our human hardware (or bioware), including our information processing
capability (our brain) and our communication channels (our senses)

@_date: 2008-12-29 00:02:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Update: P2P Social Currency 
Dear all,
Thanks to everyone who debated the ideas in the 'P2P Social Currency' model,
I have been able to upgrade both my understanding of a hypothetical P2P
Energy Economy as well as the particular currency model I've been working on
for such an economy.
The previous versions of the model leading up to this one had defined money
as a carrier/tokenizer of potential energy (i.e. stored energy) and given
that the value of potential energy depends on its use it led to having the
concept of the "price of energy" which had to be kept above cost of energy
production to enable sustainable abundance of energy.
I've realized after working with mental simulations that it works much
better when money is defined as a tokenizer of energy flows (i.e. energy
that is used, not energy that is stored) which enables giving the currency
an absolute value (in energy e.g. 10,000 joules per token, which is roughly
3Wh) as opposed to a potential value that varries subject to supply and
demand of energy.
The updated propositions of the model:
1. Convert surplus energy, generated by peers and stored in a common grid,
to a new type currency (defined under this model as a tokenizer of potential
energy and information flows) with an absolute value in energy per token,
that does not increase or decrease over time.
2. Direct the flow of money, using the aforementioned new kind of currency,
towards socially, ecologically and environmentally intelligent producers of
goods and services.
3. Enable a model of the economy where in order for peers to grow their
wealth (comparatively speaking) they have to share it (by lending their
money to others.) In other words, "the more you share, the more you have."
4. Enable a model of the economy that promotes sustainable abundance in P2P
energy production and enables P2P energy distribution and re-distribution
(from peers with surplus to peers with deficit) which in turn enables higher
productivity and efficiency and drives economic growth.
The latest full model (0.75.0), which has benefited from tons of discussions
with everyone here and on other lists, and even more discussions within the
P2P Foundation ecosystem, is available at:
Minor (semantic) changes:
1. Peer Bank is now known as Common Bank (its function did not change except
it does not regulate price of energy now since there is no such thing as
"price" of energy anymore since energy flow is tokenized as currency with an
absolute value in energy)
2. Peer Grid is now Common Grid (its function did not change)
3. There is no such thing as Peer Dollars or Peer Money. Money is now just
tokens representing energy and information flows (i.e. energy used, as
opposed to potential energy.) The tokens have absolute numerical value in
Joules, e.g. each token is 10,000 joules (~= 3Wh)... the use of Juoles
instead of 'Watt Hour' is simply because it's a self-contained unit... and
sounds closer to "dollars" than "Watt hour"
The model making enough sense now for me to go ahead and come up with an
addictive (yet educating/refreshing) game that implements this model.
Happy holidays and thanks again for all the debates.
p.s. version on my blog has yet to reflect these changes.

@_date: 2008-12-29 11:45:02
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: Towards a P2P 
Discussion re: P2P Thermoeconomic theory
Emlyn (Open Manufacturing):
This doesn't mean that energy can't be so abundant as to be free for
There is also the energy cost of maintaining and adapting your energy
production (you CAN forget sunk costs but you cannot orget recurring costs
of maintenance and adapting to meet future needs, i.e. absorbing cost of
R&D, e.g. making upgrades.)
But a lot more profoundly than maintenance and upgrade costs, as you connect
your energy production infrastructure to a Common Grid (SmartGrid) you
absorb part of the cost of maintaining and upgrading the grid.
Or is the world static? does it stop progressing when we feel we had enough?
Do we ever have enough? Do we stop the arrow of progress?  I assume that
progress is part of our struggle against the 2nd law of thermodynamics, and
I'm not sure we're will be ultimately successful unless we continue to
evolve, which brings us to the energy cost of our evolution as a species, on
all levels, which is substantial.
Per the thermodyanmic model of the world (as explained above) every piece of
technology has maintenance (up keep) cost as well as adaptation cost (i.e.
R&D cost becomes cost of upgrades)
The argument that I have attempted to make is that we (and everything else)
have a continuous struggle against the 2nd law of thermodynamics. If you get
your energy from fusion you will still need energy to maintain the fusion
technology, and while that energy can come from the fusion reactor itself
(since it's so efficient) you still need to move that energy to the farmer
who makes the food for the scientist who does the maintenance and upgrades
to the reactor. It's the flow of energy that has to be enabled between all
nodes within an economy, and the idea of tokenizing a universal form of
energy (i.e. electrcity), as we have in the latest P2P Social Currency model
(fyi: the concept of energy tokenization has been made as clear as possible
in v0.76.0 in Common Energy Bank section) allows us to enable energy to flow
from one node to another alongside the flow of goods and services (e.g.
fusion reactor maintenance service is paid for with tokenized electric
energy that the maintenance crew can exchange with the farmer for food)
The issue in P2P theory as far as Thermodynamic is concerned is how do we
assure the flow of energy through all nodes of the economy in such a way
that we get maximum "globally sustainable" productivity from every node. My
thesis is simple: in order for nodes to have maximum "globally sustainable"
productivity they must give and take in equal amount, i.e near unity for
exchange ratio (in energy: e.g. providing service, which costs energy, and
getting paid back in tokenized form of universally utilitarian energy, e.g.

@_date: 2008-12-29 15:36:39
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Case for Energy As P2P Currency 
*Hi Michel,
*This section from the latest model sounds like energy credits except it has
incentives for peer production and completes the picture on wealth building.
It seems that part of this is vital for existing P2P theories .. but it is
*not* in opposition to what those theories stand for!*
The issue is explained in the text below
*The Case for Energy As P2P Currency*
We (and everything else that's functioning, i.e. everything) have a
continuous cost of energy (see:
If we get our energy from fusion we will still need energy to maintain and
upgrade the fusion technology, and while that energy can come from the
fusion reactor itself (since it's so efficient) you still need to move that
energy, at the scale of the economy, from the reactor to the farmer who
makes the food for the scientists who then perform the maintenance and
upgrades to the reactor. It's the flow of energy that has to be enabled, on
efficient basis, between all nodes within the economy, and the idea of
tokenizing a universal form of energy (i.e. electricity), as we have here
(see: Common Energy Bank) allows us to enable the flow of this energy from
one node to another alongside the flow of goods and services. In other
words, the fusion reactor's maintenance and upgrades are paid for with
tokenized energy, which the maintenance crew and the fusion scientists can
exchange with the farmer for food, and which the farmer can redeem for
actual energy to power production on the farm or trade for other goods and
services, use to purchase more land, etc. The issue not discussed in current
P2P theory is how do we assure the flow of energy through all nodes of the
economy in such a way that we get maximum "globally sustainable"
productivity from every node. The thesis in this model is simple: in order
for nodes to have maximum "globally sustainable" productivity they must give
and take in equal amount, i.e near unity for exchange ratio (i.e. exchange
of products, services and assets for energy, which in our reactor example
means providing the maintenance service, which costs energy, and getting
paid back in a tokenized form of universally utilitarian energy, e.g.
electricity.) If a given node gives more than it takes in energy then it
stops to function eventually (see: Thermoeconomics: Laws of Thermodynamics:
If a given node gives less than it takes in energy then it is taking this
extra energy from some other node, and that's because energy is conserved,
i.e. if a given node takes more than it gives then it's ultimately taking
from another node, not from some cost-free fountain of energy (see:
Laws of Thermodynamics:
The case for using renewable, clean energy, e.g. fusion, solar, wind,
bio-fuel, as opposed to fission reactors or coal etc is two fold:
1. Renewable energy is abundant which means that it can be accessed and
harnessed by everyone. Having said this, it's important to note that
sustainable abundance comes from a regulated whole not unregulated
individuals (see: Anti-Dumping and Anti-Monopoly Caps for Energy
Production.) 2. Minimal cost to environment. --The updated currency model
core is at:

@_date: 2008-12-30 12:15:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Energy Demand/Supply Algorithm and Other 
Thanks for debating some of the finer points. It helps me explain the model
better and evolve it in the process.
Think of Common Bank as being part of the P2P client. Like you said, a
distributed server (o virtual centralized server, or whatever semantics you
use) So then what is peer and what is bank? They're all part of the whole
I will add this bit too to quell fears of common bank being some sort of
goblin in the middle. It's simply the orchestration part of the distributed
process and it is implemented as part of the p2p architecture. // note to
self: need to add this. In fact, that's why it was called "peer bank" ...
The section on caps clearly states (maybe even multiple times) that the caps
are set based on supply and demand.... where and how can I state this to be
clear on first glance?
Also, people don't need to borrow to buy energy. Every participant
(family/household/business/person) under this model needs to have their own
generation capacity. This is an arbitrary requirement now. It could be made
part of the axiomatic logic (as a starting condition) because one of the
reasons for the P2P Social Currency model is to encourage sustainably
abundant energy production from a regulated whole, not unregulated
If you already have the energy production capacity, which I guess I should
add as one of the model's axiom (note to self: need to add) then you are
borrowing either to increase that energy production capacity or buy some
appreciable asset (e.g. real estate) or invest in higher production capacity
for your goods and services, etc.
You don't borrow to throw it into the sea.  And you don't borrow to lend
(because as you borrow you lose credit points for borrowing, not for seller
ranking, until you pay the loan(s) back)
So you should have the ability to pay the loan back from your excess energy
generation (conserve your own use, and sell the excess)
When you borrow your credit points for subsequent borrowing are reduced, but
your credit points for seller ranking remain //note to self: need to clarify
this under peer credits: borrowers. If you default on payments beyond the
grace period for the loan, you will lose credit points (for borrowing only,
not for seller ranking) and you won't be able to borrow again until you have
paid your loan. The obvious way out is that using your seller ranking credit
points (which you can continue to accumulate as long as you are able to
produce energy, conserve your use, and sell the rest you can continue to
make money that you use to pay back defaulted loan or use it to make more
loans and invest in new energy generation capacity or make more products and
services to sell more and then pay off the debt.. it's really up to common
sense and it's assumed that people have common sense. This model does not
prevent someone with no common sense from completely screwing up but it does
not shove them into a hole with no way out like the current model does. //note
to self: need to clarify this under peer credits: borrowers.
You mean you get peer credits that rank you higher as a seller... (no such
thing as peer tokens.. I'll work on making the semantics less
The tokens are virtual but they don't go to your battery. They are paid to
you as virtual tokens and you do what you want with them.... you can redeem
them for equivalent in energy from common bank if you want or use them to
get goods and services, loan them to others etc
Here is a major point I need to explain
Credits: Borrowers
You don't choose whom you lend to. You don't choose whom you borrow from.
You say I have 2000 tokens to lend. Common Bank (which again can be part of
the P2P client/architecture) matches you to 1 or many borrowers on first
come first served basis or some randomized fashion.
You can't run a racket when you don't know who is borrowing from you and
whom you're lending to. It happens in the background with changing user keys
rather than user names (kept by common bank in some table), so you can never
know whom lending you or borrowing from you at any given time.
There is a connection between supply and demand: dynamic caps on peer energy
production, to make sure that supply is in sync with demand... but I'm
thinking now that rather than a "cap" per se, Common Bank would issue
general requests for supply (a given quantity tied to predicted inventory
level) with ability to cancel.
I hadn't thought about it till now, but thanks to your question, here is how
one possible version of a KISS algorithm (there is already a patent on this,
so it's used here as an example):
This algorithm extends the Common-Bank-mediated exchange of energy by having
a longer term storage requirement (i.e. an inventory or buffer), in addition
to the exchange queue, which adds the requirement for Common Bank to be able
to issue replenishment orders (in the needed amount) rather than having a
cap per peer.
1. Take historical inventory data (based on history of supply interactions
with Common Bank) and calculate a Gaussian distribution with a Mean and
Covariance and provide an inventory level prediction at a set time in the
2. Compare the inventory level prediction to a first Common Bank-set low
inventory threshold.
3. Compare the inventory level prediction to a second Common Bank-set high
inventory threshold.
4. Solicit energy replemnishment from peers if the predicted level is below
the low inventory threshold, or cancel existing requests if the predicted
level is above than the high inventory threshold. This should happen without
allowing individual peers to sign up for a disproportionate share of the
total replenihment request, and certainly not repeatedly, i.e. to avoid
building a dependency in the market on certain peers.
5. Record time dependent data related to inventory consumption and
6. Calculate time dependent cummulative-forecast consumption,
cummulative-forecast replenishment, cummulative actual consumption, and
cummulative actual replenishment.
7. Use the new data to update the Gaussian distribution, Mean and
Covariance, and calculate a new predicted inventory level for the next time
caps and maybe change title to Assuring P2P Energy Market Equilibrium
Like I said, Common Bank can be part of the P2P client... so what isn't peer
to peer about it?
I'm going to call it Peer Bank again :D after I explain that it can be built
into the P2P client as a distributed process (or virtually centralized
We're just playing with words here.
Thanks again for debating the finer points.
p.s. I'll make the required changes (noted here) in version 0.80.0

@_date: 2008-12-30 14:03:27
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Energy Demand/Supply Algorithm and Other 
Continuing the discussion with Emlyn (over at the Open Manufacturing list)
regarding demand/supply management (and market management in general) for
the P2P energy market.
Here is the updated sections from P2P Social
to P2P energy demand/supply management:
If something jumps at you please let me know. This is an agile process that
maintains order by being open to new information, namely: insights,
comments, questions, disagreements, agreements, etc and last but not least,
any noise that enhances the signal.
P2P Energy Market Management
Abundance without sustainability leads to scarcity.
Sustainable abundance can only come from the whole (from all peers producing
energy) not from one peer or one set of peers producing so much more energy
than everyone else.
Sustainable abundance also requires close matching of demand and supply so
that abundance does not evaporate in times of high demand and does not get
wasted in times of low demand (storage is wasteful and has its own
maintenance and upgrade costs, so it needs to be minimized.)
Below is a simple predictive algorithm for matching demand and supply:
1. Take historical inventory data (after a start-up period) and calculate a
Gaussian distribution with a Mean and Covariance and provide an inventory
level prediction at a set time in the future. 2. Compare the inventory level
prediction to a first Peer Bank-set low inventory threshold. 3. Compare the
inventory level prediction to a second Peer Bank-set high inventory
threshold. 4. Solicit energy replenishment from peers if the predicted level
is below the low inventory threshold, or cancel existing requests if the
predicted level is above than the high inventory threshold. This should
happen without allowing individual producing peers to fill a
disproportionate share of the total replenishment request, and certainly not
repeatedly, i.e. to avoid building a dependency in the market on certain
peers. 5. Record time dependent data related to inventory consumption and
replenishment. 6. Calculate time dependent cumulative-forecast consumption,
cumulative-forecast replenishment, cumulative actual consumption, and
cumulative actual replenishment. 7. Use the new data to update the Gaussian
distribution, Mean and Covariance, and calculate a new predicted inventory
level for the next time period.
Peer Energy Bank
The Peer Energy Bank (or "Peer Bank") is an open, automated, edge-driven
process for orchestrating energy flows between peers, using a dynamic energy
Peer Bank can be implemented as a distributed process that is embedded into
the P2P client (see Model's Context.)
It works in the following way:
Under this model, new entrants (new peers) to the community/economy may
import their US or other currency into the economy by investing in their own
local energy production capacity.
At the start of the economy (as a process,) Peer Bank makes a general
request for energy inventory replenishment from all peers, e.g. 1 trillion
Joules (or whatever appropriate starting level for the given
community/economy), and accepts a given quota (i.e. total replenishment
amount/number of peers) from each peer.
Peer Bank builds an inventory of energy by paying the peers using newly
created tokens of energy equivalent in total amount to the amount of energy
in inventory. These "virtual joule tokens" (or tokens for short) have an
absolute value in energy, that does not change, and are redeemable from Peer
Bank in their energy value.
Peer Bank then holds the energy inventory from which is sells energy to
consuming peers (i.e. peers with then-current energy deficit) who pay using
the tokens.
After the initial inventory building cycle, Peer Bank will make periodic
requests for replenishment (see: P2P Energy Market Equilibrium) with on
first come, first taken basis, without a hard quota per peer (as in the
initial inventory building cycle) but must not allow individual producing
peers to fill a disproportionate share of the total replenishment request,
and certainly not repeatedly, i.e. to avoid building a dependency in the
market on certain peers.
Peer Bank uses a demand/supply matching algorithm (see: P2P Energy Market
Equilibrium) that requires a start-up period, during which historical
inventory data is captured to enable dynamic inventory control.
It's important to note that the tokens (currency) are not created from
potential energy stored for use at some undetermined point in future but
from the active short-term inventory that's closely matched to demand, i.e.
immediately usable energy. So when the tokens are created they hold an
absolute value (of actual energy used) rather than a potential value/price
(of potential energy.)
It's also important to note that there is no need to reduce the tokens
(currency) in circulation is not present in this model because the material
basis for the economy is not the potential energy available to the economy,
which can be more abundant than all possible use in the short term, leading
to overflow of currency in circulation beyond what's usable in the short
term, but the land mass (mass = utilization density * volume) encompassed by
the economy, which grows as the population grows, both of which in turn
require more energy and hence the ever increasing need for currency (also
see: Achieving Comparative Economic Advantage and Building Material Wealth.)
Peer Bank is an open, peer-informed, edge-driven process, not a
human-administered central authority. It can be implemented as a distributed
process embedded into the P2P client (see Model's Context) or using whatever
redundant and efficient architecture, but the important thing is that it has
to be efficient.
The "Bank" part of the "Peer Bank" name refers to the storage of energy, not
the currency itself.
1) please use this version (above) for any feedback on the inventory
algorithm or peer bank itself.
2) still working on incorporating the other clarifications resulting from
this discussion into the
3) Its worth it to join the open manufacturing list... lots of good stuff
there... and high bandwidth action.

@_date: 2008-12-30 15:27:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Case for Energy As P2P Currency 
Hi Stan,
Thank you for the background on the existing, so-called "free market"
However, the way we have the economy now is completely bananas!
We've started from scratch with a new economic model, and we went through
the following:
1. Let's make money smarter by adding metadata to each transaction (which
requires verifiable transparency on the part of the producers.. think of the
list of ingredients on packaged foods as one example, and in case of
manufactured goods they should contain a list of ingredients as well as a
list of by products and any environmental waste... this is what Obama can do
to help)
2. Let's replace interest with peer credits, so we can have a model that
enables "the more you share the more you have"
2. Let's make money = potential energy. The problem was that per the
thermodyanmic model of the economy, actual energy is what would be
transferred between the nodes of an economy, not potential energy, yet
actual energy has an absolute value so what happens to the concept of price
of energy?
3. Looking at the thermoeconomic model (first considered in the 60s), I
realized that it can be used quite nicely with the peer credits concept
(which is enabled by a P2P trading client + search engine) to enable the
heterodox combination of an absolute-value currency for an actual
(non-hybridized) thermoeconomy with the "wealth building through sharing"
idea behind peer credits. So now we have currency that doesn't depreciate or
appreciate while having the ability and incentive (both social and
capitalistic) to build wealth.
It's a combination of many ideas that seem to gel.
So that's what I'm pushing for, and the next challenge is to roll out a game
that is addictive in both the yin and yang aspects and that stimulate people
to think different about money and the economy.
The model in its latest evolution can be found at:
Thanks again for the feedback/background.

@_date: 2009-03-31 21:00:24
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: latest vdo introducing peer production 
"There are 31 billion searches on Google every month"
And only 210 users a month are concerned whether or not Google is a
growing monopoly (per my rough calculation:
That's how powerful Google is: only 0.0000007% of its users think
critically of it as a business (separate from its search technology.)
Why should we be worried or excited about a world full of drones and
When we start seeing a dramatic rise in the number of those who think
critically and challenge the existing order then we can be excited or
worried depending on our inclination.
Right now all China and India represent are bigger factories of
corporate drones than the US.
And that's great for those who pull the strings, those at the top of
the food chain.

@_date: 2009-04-05 14:34:20
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Why is France taking the lead on the anti-freedom front?
How can it even be possible that France out of all countries is the one
leading the charge against P2P and freedom on/of the Internet?

@_date: 2009-04-05 15:21:41
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The truth, the story or the lie 
I've been running an informal experiment (or p2p survey) to find out which
version of a given reality is most appealing to people based on people's
1. The facts, unbiased (i.e. the truth)
2. The story (what the majority of people want to hear, including "white
3. An out right lie (deception, with the purpose of gaining an advantage at
the expense of others or getting away with murder etc)
So far  and  are tied for the top spot.
I'll formalize the experiment and release the procedure. It applies to all
areas of social and business research.
If someone is operating under the impression that  is the most appealing
route (as I have been) they will be surprised when they perform the
If I was in the business of selling opinions for profit (e.g. a blogger who
relies on ad revenue or popularity for a living) I would be adopting  and
if I was menacing and manipulative I would be adopting   The ranks of the
principled opinion makers are shrinking as more and more people shut their
ears to the harsh reality and more and more opinion makers find it more
productive (and/or profitable) to sell people on appealing stories or out
right lies.
I'm just waking up to this...

@_date: 2009-04-05 16:01:26
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The truth, the story or the lie 
I am excluding those whose life pursuit is to seek the "truth"
including scientists and philosophers.
My sample is limited in size but very diverse, going from multi
millionaires to homeless people to ex convicts, and so called "normal"
This group here is not in my sample, not by a far shot, but I thought
that I should share this.
The survey is currently informal but the procedure is consistent. I
will share specific examples and would like to work toward a formal
method if anyone here is interested.

@_date: 2009-04-05 16:55:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The truth, the story or the lie 
I was staying at a ranch near the Mexican border in a town known for having
been a major copper mining town.
The big blue areas on the ground are not lakes. They're massive holes
produced by mining.
I found out that the concentration of Arsenic in surface water in Douglas,
AZ and nearby areas (due to the copper mining and processing plant nearby)
was twice the EPA limit.
So armed with this fact, I went around telling locals one of three versions
of reality (before telling them the fact about the Arsenic):
1. "Drinking water from local surface reservoirs carries a serious health
hazard"  (the fact, unbiased)  The Response was overwhelmingly negative and
most people were unhappy with the message and even resisted it saying there
water is fine etc.
2. "The other day I found out that the level of Arsenic in the water here is
a little high but it probably won't kill you... Everyday people talk about
this thing or that thing causing cancer and now they say baby feeding
bottles cause cancer so maybe people need to chill out and relax"  The
response to this was mostly in agreement with people saying that the water
doesn't kill anyone
3. "The other day I was reading in a science magazine that a little bit of
Arsenic or a little bit of something bad can be good, so the Arsenic in the
water maybe a good thing.. you never know"  The response here was people
joking about it or dismissing what I'm saying as a joke and not thinking
about it the fact that THERE IS TWICE THE AMOUNT OF ARSENIC IN THEIR WATER
AS THE EPA MAXIMUM LIMIT!!!
The sample was small town folks, not very educated.
I have since come up with 10 or so other examples applying to different
types of audience and while this is extremely rough and informal I believe
that it has some merit as an experiment, at least justifying a more
formal/methodical effort on my part.

@_date: 2009-04-05 20:03:47
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I forwarded this thread so far to a good old friend of mine whose dad is an
EU minister who often deals with EU referendums and policy issues. Not sure
it's in his direct area but my friend works in the EU policy arena, too, so
I'm sure he'll have something to say about it.
Will forward any responses (minus identification) to this list.

@_date: 2009-04-07 23:53:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Snowdrift Game vs Prisoner's Dilemma 
Excerpted from another email
"The term "snowdrift game" is a model in evolutionary game theory that
explains how cooperation is evolutionarily advantageous (contrary to the
classical interpretation of the survivalist model) but only in meshes
(according to the latest work done in this field) while it fails  in
hierarchies (i.e. leads to the extinction of those who provide unpaid
cooperation) ... It turns out the other model called the Prisoner's Dilemma
is optimal in hierarchies but it is a classical survivalist model."
I want to put the "snowdrift game + mesh WORKS_BETTER_THAN prisoner's
dilemma + hierarchy" game theory meme out there, and my belief is that
"renewable hierarchies" (which i had described as being similar to, e.g. US
Congress, EU Parliament, etc) operate more like a mesh from a game
theoretical perspective because they could theoretically lead to well-mixed
population in the production organization (as workers are replaced
frequently) but now I realize that in order to get a well-mixed population
the hierarchy has to be as flat as possible from the management and
organizational views (without losing coordination) to minimize hierarchical
interactions and maximize mesh interaction and the renewal of workers in the
production hierarchy has to happen as frequently as possible... (I realized
this requires a graphical simulation to show clearly.)
I can supply more references and explanations if anyone is interested.

@_date: 2009-04-08 18:40:19
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Taleb: 10 principles for a black swan proof world 
I have to read the whole list but his wording in  of "hidden risks"
is too dry and too kind. I would say that those who hide their risks
through fabricated stories or outright lies and deception have the
evolutionary advantage, but lies and stories catchup with them

@_date: 2009-04-12 22:18:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Unwisdom of Crowds 
Hi Josef,
The concept of voting as a governance model is what I was referring to
by saying ancient Greeks had invented democracy.
I had written the article some 3 years ago and my thinking has
evolved, even though the thinking expressed in the article still holds
in some sense.
Right now I?m focused on the difference between the outcome of running
he Snowdrift Game model and the Prisoner?s Dilemma model in
hierarchies vs. meshes.
Recent studies show that unpaid cooperation (e.g. Snowdrift Game)
backfires for the cooperators in hierarchies but works really well in
case of meshes. The same studies also show that the Prisoner?s
Dilemma, which is more of a classical survival game, works best in
hierarchies. I will update the P2P Energy Economy once I have wrapped
my mind around these conclusions.
p.s. CCing lists for further discussion
Submitted by Josef on 2009/04/12 at 2:56pm
Hang on a minute. AFAIK, in Greek city states people didn?t elect
leaders. All men could vote themselves, no?
But I agree that a nice mix of direct and representative democracy,
i.e. ?liquid? or ?delegative? democracy could yield better results.
But I lean way more towards the direct side of things that you appear
to above.
I?d recommend at read of Democracy 2.1 and Delegative Democracy pdf
available here: For liquid democracy see
 and
Also, have you seen  ? I think you may like it.

@_date: 2009-04-12 22:30:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 3 Quarks: Inequality the root of all evil? 
Well, if equality was the unifying principle in some idea world then
such a world would lack the color, flavor and complexity that make
life what it is.
In other words, if everything was equal in every way then there is
nothing to feel, see or think about.
The reason "difference" exists is so that there can be something
rather than nothing.

@_date: 2009-04-13 00:52:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The 60s live on in this video 
I don't understand the French part but this puts a lot in perspective for me

@_date: 2009-04-13 10:44:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 3 Quarks: Inequality the root of all evil? 
well, if everyone was equal socially speaking then you won't see any
'social gradient' and I'm saying that's what gives life it's color and
I agree, however, that injustice is injustice and need to be eliminated
In other words, I differentiate between justice and equality
I want social justice like the next guy but I'm not ready to affix the
term 'equality' to such end goal.
Maybe because I'm an engineer and 'equality' means something totally
different to me than to a social thinker?
I think that might be it!

@_date: 2009-04-13 10:44:58
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 3 Quarks: Inequality the root of all evil? 
Also, I want 'equal empowerment' but that is like saying I want a
level playing field, not 'equality' per say

@_date: 2009-04-13 20:52:02
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
Just commenting quickly on the wording in one of Ryan's statements:
Having been the Chief Architect twice for 300+ person companies (one
of which was absorbed by a 20,000+ person company) I can confirm
Ryan's statements when it comes to corporations.
The governments that we have today are just a kind of business entity
that gets to operate above both the domestic and international law
(and Obama protecting Bush's breaches of domestic and international
law is evidence that the US is that kind of government, too, not just
totalitarian regimes), i.e. it's like a noble mafia or enforcer.
When it comes to the few rare individuals that keep things going at a
major corporation, I would not word it as "highly competent
individuals" but "highly manipulative individuals" or "individuals who
are highly competent at manipulation" which ties in with what I was
saying about "the truth, the story or the lie" in that it's impossible
in this society (the way it's setup now) to get to the top by sticking
to the truth or at least being *morally transparent* (definition: to
let yourself and others judge your morality without obfuscation.)
In addition, hierarchies which are common to both governments and
corporations do not permit the existence of unpaid (egalitarian)
cooperation. Only meshes allow that. I am working on clarifying this
argument. It's based on game theoretical work that was done by others,
which I'm studying atm.
My 2.221 cents.

@_date: 2009-04-13 22:15:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 3 Quarks: Inequality the root of all evil? 
I'm interested in systems that afford "equal empowerment,"
"resilience," (and even "resistance to negative behavior") and
"cooperation." In other words, I'm interested in the design of "just"
(or fair) systems but I recognize that it's highly driven by what I
think is just and fair.
I believe it's important to allow for differences to emerge out of a
common substrate, but in a way that is not unfair.
I also question whether or not the concept of justice would even exist
if there was no injustice.
In other words, the rise of justice comes after injustice has been
committed, or else you wouldn't recognize justice as justice. It would
not be felt if it was a constant.
On Mon, Apr 13, 2009 at 10:03 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-04-14 01:02:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Exchange with S.M. Stirling on Decentralized 
Why do we have one huge sun instead of a thousand tiny stars in our
solar system?
Or why is there a lower limit on the size of stars in the first place?
Energy production in the universe seems to be concentrated in massive stars.
If you think of the large centralized production facility as the sun
and the customers of that facility as the planets then you start to
see that it follows an established natural pattern, which must be
driven by a very basic and universal issue.
But it does not mean that we cannot have peer production. It just
means that there is a lower limit on the size of the production
facility in order for it to sustain an ecosystem (think: solar system)
around it.
For example, in the P2P Energy Economy model, it's hard to see how
individual energy producers would have any substantial surplus if they
had tiny solar generators and it's even harder to see how there could
be a flow of energy from peers with surplus to peers with deficit if
everyone had a surplus. This is the basic and universal issue (or two
issues,) IMO. For each given type of product (e.g. energy, milk, cars,
etc) we can't have everyone be a producer because the "flow of energy"
is the "economy of life" and without a deficit on one side and a
surplus on the other there is no flow (or movement) of energy (and no
flow of energy equal no life, literally.)
So in order to have both the maximum surplus of the thing being
produced and the maximum flow of that thing from the surplus side to
the deficit side, the production tends towards centralization (within
each geographic or virtual market)
However, peer producers can become the stars (or suns) to their own
solar system (or customers) by becoming big enough relative to the
size of their market. The reason peer producers would eventually have
to get more and more massive, thus replicating the very pattern of
centralization peer production is supposed to dissolve, is because if
one peer producer grows in sizthen they will have higher efficiencies
On Tue, Apr 14, 2009 at 12:30 AM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2009-04-14 01:23:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Evolution is Iterative: The Centralized-Peer Cycle 
Hi all,
I don't mean to divert from Kevin's thread on the same subject (see: Kevin's
discussion with Stirling,) but I would like to blog this piece below (taken
from my response to kevin's response) and I'm looking for feedback
specifically for the analogy and interpretation I'm using here... if you see
any flaws or if you wish to argue against it, so I don't waste time blogging
a lousy idea.
Evolution is Iterative: The Centralized-Peer* *Cycle*
Why do we have one huge sun instead of a thousand tiny stars in our solar
Or why is there a lower limit on the size of stars in the first place?
Energy production in the universe seems to be concentrated in massive stars.
If you think of the large centralized production facility as the sun and the
customers of that facility as the planets then you start to see that it
follows an established natural pattern, which must be driven by a very basic
and universal issue(s.)
But it does not mean that we cannot have peer production. It just means that
there is a lower limit on the size of the production facility in order for
it to sustain an ecosystem (think: solar system) around it.
For example, in the current version of the P2P Energy Economy model, it's
hard to see how individual energy producers would have any substantial
surplus if they had tiny solar generators and it's even harder to see how
there could be a flow of energy from peers with surplus to peers with
deficit if everyone had a surplus. This is the basic and universal issue (or
two issues,) IMO. For each given type of product (e.g. energy, milk, cars,
etc) we can't have everyone be a producer because the "flow of energy" is
the "economy of life" and without a deficit on one side and a surplus on the
other there is no flow (or movement) of energy (and no flow of energy equal
no life, literally.)
So in order to have both the maximum surplus of the thing being produced and
the maximum flow of that thing from the surplus side to the deficit side,
the production tends towards centralization (within each geographic or
virtual market)
However, peer producers can become the stars (or suns) to their own solar
system (or customers) by becoming big enough relative to the size of their
market. The reason peer producers would eventually have to get more and more
massive, thus replicating the very pattern of centralization peer production
is supposed to dissolve, is because if
one peer producer grows in size they will be able to reach higher
efficiencies (there is an optimal point of course) and take customers away
from the other peer producers so then every peer producer will be motivated
to grow in size to stay in business and that's how we go back to square one.
Having said that, it's important to bring down the existing order and start
afresh from the bottom up. The reason being that given enough time a complex
system that repeats itself (i.e. iterates, as in evolution being an
iterative process) will eventually get it right, i.e. gets better with each

@_date: 2009-04-14 19:38:22
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
I have no clue what I remind me of (as far as other people go) but I'll be
sure to check out Negri's early work...
Just something off the top of my head:
There is something called the Aharanov-Bohm Effect
that is key to a new
interpretative model for why social theory often fails in practice (I
plucked this out of thin air, literally, so I doubt there are any reference
Let's say there are two possible paths of logic stemming from one premise
and lets say that both paths take us to the same end. Now let's say that
there is a logical obstacle sitting right in between the two paths but not
obstructing either path. In other words, there are two ways to do something
(extreme A, and extreme B) and every way in between will run into the
obstacle. Now let's say there is a 50/50 chance of either logical path (or
extreme) being taken by a given person. In this case, despite the fact that
both extreme paths should work without any issue (since they circumvent the
obstacle) when it comes to executing either path the effect of the obstacle
between the two paths will be felt, even though it is logically outside of
either path. This seems true for social mechanics as it is for quantum
Classical logic omits the fact that two or more independent logical paths
from premise to conclusion can behave as one logical stream....

@_date: 2009-04-15 13:31:40
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Semantic Wikipedia: a sudden resurgence in popularity 
An article I had written on semantic version of Wikipedia has come up at on a popular semantic social networking app called Twine and sent my blog
traffic thru the roof.
Why the sudden interest (again) in semantic wikipedia?
I know Jimmy Wales dropped his Wikia search venture (semantic search
leveraging wiki technology, user-directed search, etc)...
whoah your article was first in this e-mail from twine !

@_date: 2009-04-15 21:24:29
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Follow up 
Just sharing some notes on the current problems in the P2P Energy Economy
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hi James,
I'm sorry to have dropped the ball on our discussion re: energy flow based
I went to Arizona where we had no Internet and learned all about solar power
Then I became homeless for a while, lost my girlfriend, etc
And now I'm back to work thanks to a sudden and unexpected turn of events
The problems with the P2P Energy Economy as of v3.00.00 boil down to this:
Issue 1:
"it's hard to see how individual energy producers would have any substantial
surplus if they had tiny solar generators and it's even harder to see how
there could be a flow of energy from peers with surplus to peers with
deficit if everyone had a surplus. This is the basic and universal issue (or
two issues,) IMO. For each given type of product (e.g. energy, milk, cars,
etc) we can't have everyone be a producer because the "flow of energy" is
the "economy of life" and without a deficit on one side and a surplus on the
other there is no flow (or movement) of energy (and no flow of energy equal
no life, literally.)
So in order to have both the maximum surplus of the thing being produced and
the maximum flow of that thing from the surplus side to the deficit side,
the production tends towards centralization (within each geographic or
virtual market)"
Issue 2:
The very act of paying someone (for a non-scarce resource) and expecting
some service back creates a master-slave (or more mildly a 'customer-server'
relationship) relationship... and this is a type of hierarchy basically. I'm
having an issue with the idea of a hierarchy even though it's established in
nature and even if we use the kind of renewable hierarchies that I describe
(in passing) in the P2P Energy Economy. I'm studying two game theoretical
models, the Prisoners Dilemma game and the Snowdrift (or Hawk-Dove) game in
the context of hierarchies, latices with limited set of neighbor-to-neighbor
interactions per element and networks with random interactions. I haven't
had enough time with all that has been happening to produce any insight as
far as the best type of system from a moral and evolutionary perspective but
I know the P2P Energy Economy sections concerned with organization are
If you have anything to share on your end, as far as your work goes, please
feel free to do so.

@_date: 2009-04-15 21:41:30
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Follow up 
Well, both suggestions make a lot of sense.
However, for the second suggestion I have a problem with the definition of
"non scarce" and "immaterial" and, coincidentally Patrick was asking the
same question today on Stefan's list, and no one really is giving a
realistic answer, IMO.
Digital and services goods are not immaterial and they have actual costs (of
R&D, energy and maintenance) associated with the underlying infrastructure,
so I consider them "non scarce" but still bound to costs and subject to some
kind of sustainable exchange... So the question is what is the most liberal
kind of exchange that is still sustainable (given digital goods and services
do have costs)

@_date: 2009-04-15 22:06:01
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Follow up 
There is a moral orientation in all your saying, but it's lacking the
evolutionary bias, which is important, IMO.
Capitalism is built on a wrong model of evolution. Old thinking. Darwinian
in nature.
Experimental evidence and new game theory work agrees that there is a lot
more cooperation in nature than can be explained by Darwinian theory or
That's where I want to go, beyond morality vs Darwinism and into how nature
actually works (read: more cooperative than Darwinism but with an
evolutionary focus) because I think, ultimately, it's pointless to be more
fair than nature, or at least that's the struggle I'm going through right
now, which I'm sure is shared with many...

@_date: 2009-04-15 22:19:38
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Follow up 
I think it boils down to flavor and ultimately artistic choice... I prefer a
little more competition in the framework (relative to what I think you've
proposed and hence the comment I made in my previous message) but we're all
aiming for A LOT more cooperation that capitalism affords!! and that's the
common thread.
I don't think we can have a single objective framework, so the more
frameworks that share the general ideals the better the chance that a
framework will emerge from all these efforts that will take us to the next
stage in our evolution.

@_date: 2009-04-15 23:28:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Semantic Wikipedia: a sudden resurgence in 
I didn't do anything in this case. Woke up and my friend told me its on Twine.

@_date: 2009-04-16 00:32:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Follow up 
I agree.
I'm just trying to satisfy the devil inside. Its the universal ill-negligible.
Always gets us.
As far as humans vs animals, its a evolutionary gradient so we could
say that, as far as evolution is concerned, the end justifies the
means but there is defintely something wrong about giving up our moral
soverignty to some outer or exterior force.

@_date: 2009-04-16 01:04:48
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Follow up 
maybe the right word is un-negligible... some English majors?

@_date: 2009-04-16 14:41:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Fwd: Follow up 
The idea of the Affinity Matrix in the P2P Energy Economy allows peers to
set policy objectives collectively so it's not decided centrally. There are
pros and cons to both schemes.
At this time I feel myself drawn more to think about the philosophical
underpinnings and the organizational mechanics which both need a great deal
of improvement/refinement.
But I did think about what you suggest from your earlier post on this
scheme... It seems fine to me with some minor tweaks... but it's a
top-down/centralized approach compared to the Affinity Matrix which allows
setting of policy objectives by peers, collectively, rather than by the city
or state.

@_date: 2009-04-16 16:22:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Prosperity without growth 
Thanks Ryan
In my mind it's never about growth per se but about continuous flows... The
river flows because of accumulation and melting of snow on the mountain top
(or underground water accumulation from rain) and that's part of a system of
flows involving heat, water, vapor, and wind (and probably others)
The point is as long as there is a continuous flow of energy in the system
then you can have prosperity (assuming fair distribution of resources etc)
... but at some point you reach a capacity limit (or logistic threshold) and
you need to either grow the pond or shrink the population.. I vote for
growing the pond!

@_date: 2009-04-17 03:12:08
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Fwd: Follow up 
I just want to say that I have a huge respect for Ryan and all his
input to this collective realization. Same for everyone here.
I am having my own archetypal struggle ATM as far as ideologies and
behaviors go, but this group really has a great effect on my thinking,
so please don't take my challenges as obstruction but rather as
stemming from my need to harvest the collective psyche :)
Its never easy being on the fringe. Feels like bumper cars. Like we
should be able to put our thoughts tohbether in a more collective way.
I'll leave it to Michel to make those connections.
We can make a difference. I've seen it happen.

@_date: 2009-04-17 03:57:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Fwd: Follow up 
The music changed and many ideologies are trying to prove they are
still in the groove, so to speak, but its clear that the old dance is
There is no 1-2-3 instruction fo Poen peer production, at least not a
Powerpoint or rap song or any kind pf popular, memorable theme.
However seeing how far it has come is in itself evidence as to the
appeal of the core message.
So way to go, and hopefully more to come.

@_date: 2009-04-17 04:16:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Fwd: Follow up 
I need to dump my Blackberry. That should have said "there are no 1-2-3
isntructions for Open peer production"

@_date: 2009-04-17 16:55:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Hi Michel,
Would it make sense to setup a "board of directors" kind of entity (but not
call it that per se) for the P2P Foundation with people who bring
extravagant weight.. the likes of Lessig and people of his reach and

@_date: 2009-04-17 20:57:14
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Change is on our side. Or we're on the side of change.

@_date: 2009-04-18 00:29:23
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Hi Michel,
It's the next logical move, IMO, after having gained a recognized
university/academic collaborator in the UK. I guess I can talk to yourself
and Athina about the existing collaborative project with Hull so I can lay
out the case for further academic collaboration in the context of a board of
I had communicated with Lessig once very casually during his considering to
run for Congress and he replied right away and in meaningful and genuine
Overall, I find it fairly easy to get a genuine response back from actual
intellectuals as they don't tend to play the politics of artificial
self-scarcity (I also know that pseudo intellectuals who are in it for money
and power tend to raise their self importance by not answering emails from
people they don't know or being extremely slow in response or very
superficial etc... so we have an automatic filter right there by being
relatively unknown.)
My issue is that I'm not too familiar with the who's who of the P2P world. I
only know of Larry Lessig for his copyright reform efforts but I'm sure we
can dig up a few people at MIT and Harvard, but it should work like a domino
This would be a good idea, IMO, and if I fail at it then the issue would be
just mine not of the idea itself so another person can try again, although I
don't wanna waste any bullets so to speak.
I'll look for separate discussion email from you with appropriate CCs.

@_date: 2009-04-18 01:00:54
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
My questions to you:
1. Is the P2P Research Group affiliated with P2P Foundation such that we can
say that P2P Foundation has a collaboration initiative with a recognized
[academic] institution?  Else, what new progress are we leveraging? and if
nothing then why wasn't this pursued earlier? Is it just that no one had the
time to write a manifesto or constitution? (which leads to 2. Does there have to be some major write up or presentation of P2P
Foundation goals, etc?
My answer to your question:
I'm willing and able to do as much as help shape and carry the message...
which is to say that I'm ready to do my part as part of a team effort.
Ryan's and others' help would be necessary, too.
Task delegation model:
I think we could go with a conditional publish-subscribe model for task
delegation whereby the initiator would be willing to commit time and energy
to their declared objective if there are others who are willing to commit
time and energy to it, too.

@_date: 2009-04-18 01:20:24
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Re: [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Hi Mathieu,
Filling in the blanks as per my experience with P2Pf over the course of 6
months now
1. It's more than just the peer production process. It's the peer driven
economy, and more generally a peer driven society.
2. AFAIK, the research is sometimes produced individually through a process
of iterative feedback from willing/interested/engaged peers (see e.g. the
individual author pages on P2Pf wiki) and sometimes it's produced by several
peers (see all other P2Pf wiki pages)

@_date: 2009-04-18 01:50:45
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
If the relationship is recognized formally then that's beneficial to both
P2Pf and Hull University, IMHO.
It will allow the loose bunch of us (all contributors) whose only
relationship to P2Pf is the trust we have in you personally to extend that
trust in working with the P2P Research Group. It's a win win.
And then we can leverage that (or "build on it") to pursue the idea of an
advisory board for P2Pf.
Having said that, I don't see a way around peer producing The P2P Agenda (or
I'll be happy to start that process using the agile methodology, but I am
more bandwidth starved now compared to 5 months ago so the writing will
start awkwardly, trickle at first but I'm sure it will eventually mature.

@_date: 2009-04-18 02:21:46
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Theory and Action Agenda 
Dear everyone,
This is an informal and personal attempt to get a discussion started around
a "P2P Agenda" of the changes we (collectively) want to see happen (as
captured by our frameworks and models) and/or the changes we are working to
trial in real settings in the next 5 years (as captured in current/past
implementation projects)
This is not a manifesto per se but an list of social frameworks/models and
current/past implementation projects (together with their goals) that Michel
has put together on the P2P Foundation wiki.
The collection of all the goals from all those models/frameworks and
current/past implementation projects will make up the collective goals of
the P2P Foundation (which is the sum of all of our contributions to the
I'll start by asking Michel to point me to the root wiki page for
single-author pages and then I'll try to distinguish between
models/frameworks (theory only) and current/past implementation projects.
The former would make up the P2P Theory and the latter would make up the P2P
Action Agenda.
Again, this is very rough, but we gotta kick things around and see what
makes most sense. I personally think this would get us started on forming a
presentation of collective work on P2P Theory and our collective-action
Any ideas, comments?

@_date: 2009-04-18 02:42:25
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Hi Michel,
It's definitely good to separate the specific P2P research group agenda with
Hull (despite the affiliation with P2Pf, if given) and the "Collective
Theory and Action Agenda" for P2Pf.
I think that individual voices represented in your P2P Theory (and in the
stuff you pasted below, which can be see as being in your voice since you're
promoting it) and in the voices of all contributors e.g. Franz, Chris, Sam,
Patrick, Nathan, Eric, et al (please forgive me as I have not looked at the
list of individual contributors and I'm just listing those names I have come
across here in the last 6 months) together can be combined (in terms of
their stated goals) with the goals of any implementation projects (if any
are cataloged and followed by P2Pf) to produce a collective presentation of
P2P Theory and Action Agenda.
So how about going after a Collective Theory and Action Agenda for P2P
Foundation and then narrowing that down to an Official P2P Foundation Theory
and Action Agenda?

@_date: 2009-04-18 02:46:39
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Theory and Action Agenda 
Follow up:
I think that the individual voices represented by Michel's P2P Theory and
the voices of all contributors e.g. Franz, Chris, Sam, Patrick, Nathan,
Eric, et al (please forgive me as I have not looked at the list of
individual contributors and I'm just listing those names I have come across
here in the last 6 months) together can be combined (in terms of the stated
goals of each individual work on P2Pf wiki) with the goals of any
implementation projects (if any are cataloged and followed by P2Pf) to
produce a collective presentation of P2P Theory and Action Agenda.
What I'm saying is: how about we start with a Collective Theory & Action
Agenda for P2P Foundation and then narrow that down to an Official P2P
Foundation Theory and Action Agenda? and that would then get incorporated
into the "Manifesto" ...

@_date: 2009-04-18 12:34:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Like I said in reply to Michel, which seems to have gone unnoticed for some
reason, there are individual author pages on the P2P Foundation wiki each of
which has it's own flavor of P2P theory (including Michel's own writing on
P2P theory) and each of which have a set of goals/propositions.
If you take the goals from all those individual works and combine them with
the cut&paste Michel put in his reply somewhere in this thread (it says
"Appendix" in the title of the paste) then you will have the set of
collective goals for the P2P Foundation. They can be split into Theory
Propositions and Actionable Goals and then they can be narrowed down to an
official P2P Foundation position after collective agreement.
The wiki is only one way to achieve the above. This discussion list is
another way. Online chat (with logs) is yet another way. It's all just
collaborative expression.

@_date: 2009-04-18 12:40:14
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Snowdrift Game vs Prisoner's Dilemma 
Still reading up on it and thinking about it. The work I'm reviewing is
pretty intense in its implication so I'm taking the time to really
understand it and make sure there are no flaws in the researchers'

@_date: 2009-04-18 13:03:09
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Resilience and scale 
Scale always matters.
As does the deep/unconscious psychology surrounding money (people's
relationship to and their use/abuse of money, themselves and others)
There is a flow optimization issue in the current 1st-layer design of the
P2P Energy Economy so I'm not getting into the scale issue until I arrive at
a method for flow optimization (and that's when I'd be tempted to simulate
the model... still the project has a life span of 10-25 years so I got
enough time to evolve it) Having said that, biochemical flows in living
systems, including plants, (or the "economy of life") exist as a model, so
that should make it easier to study.
But even in its current state, the work is not trivial to many as I still
see people confusing the 'flow of energy' with the concept of a 'potential
energy' that is stored and transactable as an 'object' or 'token' and that
gets people thinking the wrong way about it.

@_date: 2009-04-18 13:11:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How popular is the iPhone in UK? 
To the UK guys on the list:
Do you guys have any sense of how popular the iPhone is in the UK? and any
idea about the target demographic?

@_date: 2009-04-18 13:53:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
In other words, we don't have to start completely from scratch. There is a
lot on the wiki already in individual works as far as models and frameworks.
And then there is the stuff Michel pasted in this thread.
The agile process normally starts with a very rough input and then iterates
through feedback, exploring paths and making evolutionary leaps
(breakthroughs)... It maintains stability over the long range of the vision
(the final goal) by being open to instability in the short range of the
vision (the objectives)
And all  input can happen at once in a very messy way at start and during
times of change (the calm before the storm, the storm, and the fertile
aftermath, all must be witnessed for a system to evolve naturally)
my 2.222 cents

@_date: 2009-04-18 13:57:25
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
and it can be a lot of fun
so I do hope Ryan takes the lead in this way, as he was hinting, and see how
far we can take it as far as coming up with a great set of principles/goals,

@_date: 2009-04-18 14:02:59
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Socialized Infrastructure (Sweden) 
*from /.
"Symmetric, 100 Mbps service in Stockholm costs
Stockholm.] Conditions in every city are different, but part of the
explanation for the low cost is that the city owns a municipal fiber network
reaching every block. They lease network access to anyone who would like to
offer service. The ISPs, including incumbent telephone and cable companies,
compete on an equal footing."*

@_date: 2009-04-18 14:58:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
agile methodology really works well in this setting so the first shot can
be very rough...

@_date: 2009-04-18 15:10:46
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Snowdrift Game vs 
this is a good introductory article but is not very precise or thorough in
the way it presents the concept and its implications
the stuff I'm looking at is here:
"We demonstrate that spatial structure, implemented by placing individuals
on regular lattices with limited interaction ranges, has different effects
on the evolution of cooperation in the two simple games. Based on extensions
of the Prisoner's
Dilemmato spatially
structured populations it is generally believed that spatial
extension promotes cooperation. However, spatial structure fails to
similarly favor cooperation under the apparently less stringent conditions
of the Snowdrift  or
Hawk-Dove  game. In fact,
in these games spatial structure actually tends to reduce the readiness to
cooperate. Thus, our results caution against the established view that
spatial structure is necessarily beneficial for cooperation."
limited interaction ranges is the case in a hierarchy where the prisoner's
dilemma game works well but the snowdrift game does not ... the latter works
well in networks with random interactions which is more like the p2p model
A very important thing to understand is that these are all numerical
results, just the _what happens_ (from a statistical mechanics point of
view) and they don't shed any light on the _philosophical why_ or the
_deductive how_

@_date: 2009-04-18 17:59:45
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
I am for respecting all "religious institutions" including p2p, academia,
corporations, governments, etc
There are people who believe in and practice the ideologies of p2p, others
who do the same w.r.t. academia, and yet others who do the same w.r.t.
corporations and governments.
It is an issue of religion when you believe in it, practice it and follow
its methods and defend it when others attack it. So I think that's what
we're talking about and working with all religions is a good thing, while
being obviously in favor of your own religion (whatever it may be)
No one is taken seriously in any given institution unless they believe in
and defend that institution or else they're cast aside by most other
So, again, I think it's important to work with all religions of the mind.
On Sat, Apr 18, 2009 at 3:38 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-19 12:11:02
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
Hi Stan
I've gone through my own similar realization in the course of a peer
production experiment I did, which I had written about to this list.
Most people have a complex, weird and/or disturbing relationship with money
which provides a psychological homeostasis which most people are NOT willing
to abandon for a "psychologically positive" relationship with a kinder,
gentler and more resilient type of currency.
It will take a major shock to the system (much bigger than the economic
shock, IMO) before people start to question their behavior, but we can see
just a tiny bit of that now, in ourselves and others.
It's a soul searching, self-revealing time for a lot of people, and that's
why it's good to offer people positive alternatives, right now.

@_date: 2009-04-19 12:26:46
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Governance and Incorporation (was Socialized 
The corporation as an organizational hierarchy, and I would argue, based on
relatively new work in evolutionary game theory (see Snowdrift Game vs
Prisoner's Dilemma thread on P2P Research), that any hierarchy, including
renewable hierarchies, is a structure that rewards "scarcity of unpaid
cooperation" .. This is pretty deep, IMO.
Inspired leaders can say that they want to lead by uniting not dividing but
the very structure of governance that subjugates 99% of the planet's
population, i.e. the hierarchical organization, is designed on the principle
of divide and conquer.
At the very root of the p2p movement is the idea that unpaid cooperation is
rewarded. If we ignore this idea, as I had done with the P2P Energy Economy,
we lose our moral basis in this debate.
The only viable incentive is the common good.
Thanks for bringing it up.

@_date: 2009-04-19 16:21:09
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
I thought you were an economist :)
Can you please elaborate further on the relationship people have to money,
from a psychological point of view?

@_date: 2009-04-20 14:59:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Toward a p2p Collaborative 
This is really high quality at the policy level, especially for the 1st
You could use the same release numbering scheme as that used in the software
release process. Major release number, major version, minor version, e.g. R
00.00.01 or v00.00.01, so you can update the minor version number with each
minor revision and update the major version number with major revisions
(measured by the effect of the change on the model not just the size of the
change in terms of the text that's modified, deleted or added)
I'll catch up later tonight PDT. Running late on a few errands.
Thanks for starting this. Very exciting.

@_date: 2009-04-20 15:35:44
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Toward a p2p 
This is getting really exciting.
Thanks for the additional paragraph Alex (and your other contribution under
the other thread, which is really interesting and will require some
thoughtful contemplation on my part...)
Sorry I can't pitch in till later tonight.

@_date: 2009-04-20 18:10:32
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] p2p - Systems Modeling - 
I know the word "peer" is very powerful.
To me, the word "peer" (and more specifically "peer to peer") immediately
references "equal empowerment" (as in eliminating inequities, and I hope not
"equality" as in eliminating differences)
I think that's something people can understand.
To boil it down to pictures and popular meme we need to identify the _power
words_ and spend time tying all such _power words_  to specific definitions.

@_date: 2009-04-20 18:21:48
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] p2p - Systems Modeling - 
Power Words:
1. Justice
2. Peace
3. Peer to Peer (no inequities, no barriers, but not 'no differences'..
we're not a borg)
4. Cooperation (see Snowdrift game vs Prisoner's Dilemma thread... I'd like
to write something more holistic about cooperation in networks vs
hierarchies and give a powerful case for the P2P model which is based on the
network paradigm... and talk about competition and preferential access in
the context of the moral paradigm)
5. Open (both the production organization and the code/content)
A lot of our discussion here revolves around defining the above *words* ...
even if we don't do that explicitly. Everything ever posted to this list is
about providing one's definition for one or more of the above words (and any
other such power words that i may have missed)

@_date: 2009-04-20 19:17:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Toward a p2p 
I don't mean to speak on Alex' behalf but your new wording is even better.
We can't eliminate all types of hierarchies (sometimes is makes no
sense) but we should try to avoid the command and control ones as much
as possible.
Is there a way to state that explicitly?
As an example of a type of hierarchy that makes no sense to eliminate
think of the singer and her audience. There is separateness in Western
philosophy and as long as there is the concept of self such type of
heirarchy between producer and consumer will always be there and it
makes no sense to eliminate it, unless we think in terms of wholeness
not separateness.
Anyway, if Ryan's rewording of Alex' para can explicitly state no
command and control heirarchy then I subscribe to it.

@_date: 2009-04-21 05:41:58
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Snowdrift, Renewable Hierarchies and the Commons 
Hi Alex
The renewable hierarchies concept (which is not a new concept by any means
and in fact it was in use at the transitional housing place I was staying at
[while officially homeless] where the residents made up the entire
management hierarchy) had not been previously related to evolutionary game
theory in an explicit way, AFAIK.
I was just saying that given my preference for egalitarian cooperation (or
"common good" cooperation) vs contingent/selfish cooperation (which is a
preference shared with all people who believe in the commons and in
generalized exchange) a renewable and flat hierarchy would offer the most
number of randomized neighbor-to-neighbor interactions per node (similar to
a classical network) and would therefore fare better than a vertical and
rigid (or slow changing) hierarchy when it comes to egalitarian cooperation.
In addition, no one had explicitly connected the "limited no. of neighbor to
neighbor interactions" scenario (from the simulation work in Ref  below)
to "hierarchies" where such a scenario is true (because hierarchies pigeon
hole people into roles with limited set of neighbor roles [or interactions]
So I doubt that you will find any paper discussing renewable, flat
In the thread titled Snowdrift Game vs Prisoner's Dilemma, my response to
Ryan included these two URLs:
1. this is a good introductory article but is not very precise or thorough
in the way it presents the concept and its implications
2. the stuff I'm looking at is here:
"We demonstrate that spatial structure, implemented by placing individuals
on regular lattices with limited interaction ranges, has different effects
on the evolution of cooperation in the two simple games. Based on extensions
of the Prisoner's
Dilemmato spatially
structured populations it is generally believed that spatial
extension promotes cooperation. However, spatial structure fails to
similarly favor cooperation under the apparently less stringent conditions
of the Snowdrift  or
Hawk-Dove  game. In fact,
in these games spatial structure actually tends to reduce the readiness to
cooperate. Thus, our results caution against the established view that
spatial structure is necessarily beneficial for cooperation."
limited interaction ranges is the case in a hierarchy where the prisoner's
dilemma game works well but the snowdrift game does not ... the latter works
well in networks with random interactions which is more like the p2p model
A very important thing to understand is that these are all numerical
results, just the _what happens_ (from a statistical mechanics point of
view) and they don't shed any light on the _philosophical why_ or the
_deductive how_

@_date: 2009-04-21 05:58:30
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Re: [p2p energy economy] p2p - Systems 
The idea is really simple...
If we think of what "power words" exist in our conscience, e.g. justice,
fairness, peer to peer, cooperation, etc then simply just give a contextual
definition of each (in the context of a personal or common p2p theory) then
it will be easy to explain in those plain and powerful words what P2P is ...
Patrick took it further with the mind map idea but at its root it's really
simple: any social paradigm can be explained in terms of its moral values,
and the moral values can be explained in terms of precise in-context
definitions of the 'power words' ...
I would personally go with the basic power words that are understood to
everyone, not any words that are specific to p2p, social theory or

@_date: 2009-04-21 06:05:56
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Alex Reid on Problems with Monetizing Social 
I commented on your Facebook feed, CCing to list:
An interesting thing YouTube is doing to generate revenue is running ads for
purchasing a given music mp3 (from Amazon) based on the video of the music
by that artist! This is a violation of current Copyright law unless they
have a deal in place with the music labels who own the rights and Amazon.

@_date: 2009-04-21 07:55:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Oracle's purchase of Sun and effect on open source 
"Sun's dictatorial control over the evolution of
Javahas been
widely criticized by other stakeholders and is generally viewed as
detrimental to the language's growth and adoption potential. The Java
Community Process (JCP) has been a particularly thorny source of controversy
and friction.
Oracle could finally democratize the JCP by making it more transparent and
inclusive. Sun's overt hostility towards the Apache Software Foundation's
Harmony project, which seeks to build an Apache-licensed Java SE
implementation, could also finally be brought to an end. "
That's an interesting conclusion given that Oracle has never been smart in
that way ...
Marc Fawzi
Facebook: LinkedIn:

@_date: 2009-04-21 14:04:56
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Marginalism - the religion 
Someone who is not scientifically oriented in their background (i.e. having
some engineering, maths, physics, etc in their blood) will have a blind spot
regarding the cost of things, no matter what you explain.
Popular culture has implanted in people's minds the idea that stuff that
resides on their computer or is transmitted electrically is "immaterial" or
"virtual" and therefore has no cost.
When it comes to bits and bytes, which, in an information economy, carry
both the transactions for (and the information regarding) the goods and
services as well as the digital goods and services themselves, some of the
the physical constraints [that follow from the first and second laws of
thermodynamics] are:
1. The continuous cost of energy for powering the Internet infrastructure at
every point, including the the processing hardware and the communication
channels. 2. The continuous cost of energy for maintaining and evolving the
energy infrastructure for powering the Internet
3. The continuous cost of energy for maintaining and evolving the Internet
at every point, including the processing and communication nodes,
underground and undersea cables, wireless and satellite channels, data
centers, etc. This includes the energy used in the development and
manufacturing of new, improved hardware and software or the production of
replacement parts for existing hardware and maintenance (bug fixing) of the
software. 4. The continuous cost of energy for powering our human bioware,
including our information processing capability (our brain) and our
communication channels (our senses), which are necessary for the production
and consumption of both physical as well as digital goods and services. 5.
The continuous cost of energy for maintaining evolving our cognitive
bioware, including our information processing capability (our brain) and our
communication channels (our senses, which are necessary for the production
and consumption of both physical as well as digital goods and services. Having
stated these costs, I'm not saying that they cannot be socialized! In fact,
socializing as much of these costs as possible may be a good idea (I have
not thought about it enough) but I'm only backing up Patrick's point that
the costs exist and they add up to a lot if you think of cost in holistic

@_date: 2009-04-21 14:58:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Marginalism - the religion 
You cannot marginalize friction in a given system. If you do, you will
eventually come to a screeching halt.
But what I'm saying is the holistic cost of digital goods and services,
which I listed in five bullets, are not merely friction, they're more like
It does not mean we cannot fly or move about. We just have to realize that
we need a continuous supply of energy at a sufficient conversion rate to
counter friction and/or gravity.
There has been millions of otherwise good thinkers (including some brilliant
software engineers I know and I would suspect some physicists) who have
attempted a modern day version of perpetual motion design, and realized the
laws of physics have not yet changed their mind.
So marginalizing gravity is an even more dead ended way. Socializing (or
distributing the cost of friction to all wheels in equal manner) does not
marginalize cost. It simply distributes it evenly.
I think that if the five costs I listed are socialized then human beings can
focus on creativity and competition and less on survival and competition.

@_date: 2009-04-21 14:59:29
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Marginalism - the religion 
meant: ... then human beings can focus on creativity and cooperation and
less on survival and competition

@_date: 2009-04-21 15:12:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Marginalism - the religion 
google make earnings with publicity, every searcher pay google via
his/her spending
That's not "socialized" per se. That's the forces of artificial scarcity at
work. You bid for keywords!!! how ridiculous is that! So now words are
scarce commodity? Thanks to Google.
Socialized infrastructure means that costs are carried equally by everyone.
The state does not create energy out of thin air; it creates it from the
work of its people. So socialized means we all pay for necessary stuff in
basically equal amount.
Google is a blood sucking, manipulative and innovative capitalist. Please
don't confuse with a socially conscious company.

@_date: 2009-04-21 16:25:08
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Marginalism - the religion 
You can put 2 billion new domains doing that and it won't change the fact
that Google has created an artificial scarcity by getting businesses to bid
for keywords to display their ads to consumers.
Why couldn't they just provide a directory of all service providers, ranked
by the people, like Yelp.com. ???
Obviously, they're using their position as the leading search engine to
extract value from the online economy and use that to buy up startups that
threaten them as well as copy an co-opting new disruptive ideas, so that
they remain in control...
Any new search company coming in with better technology will be bought out
by Google and marginalized... like MS did to remain at in control for
People clicking on ads and business paying for keywords is NOT socializing
the cost but extracting value for Google at the expense of the entire online
economy, which would be in better place if people were to use open
directories with consumer ranked entries to reach merchants than search
engines and leave search engines for finding all others types of information
that could not fit in a directory.
In addition, I have long suspected that a good portion of Google's ad
revenue comes from botnets clicking (virtually) on spam pages loaded with
Google AdSense ads that are hosted anonymously by the botnets operators,
thus costing advertisers a lot of money in fake (bot) hits, and Google has
never presented any assurance (in terms of a technical discussion of how
they might prevent such a thing). Theoretically -and I suspect- practically
speaking, botnet operators can make money off of Google's advertisers and
Google is happy to share that revenue by directing clicks in randomized
fashion from millions of infected computers.

@_date: 2009-04-21 16:34:40
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Marginalism - the religion 
How can an industrial engineer not understand the concept of friction?
If you marginalize friction, you end up coming to a screeching halt sooner
or later.
If the cost is small, it is not zero. If it's not zero it has to be paid for
somehow or else your model (or engine) runs aground.
There is no free lunch. Period.
You have to socialize the cost which you are thinking of as marginal, but
which is far greater than you seem to be able to accept.
You can scale the cost in your mind anyway you wish, from holistic cost all
the way down to marginal cost, and every scale in between but it is still
cost and if it's not paid for by someone or society as a whole, on equal
basis not ways that enforce scarcity and promote monopolies, then your
engine can go on running, but if you dismiss it as marginal you're engine
will run aground sooner or later.

@_date: 2009-04-21 21:30:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] dangers of connectivity 
Plus the human brain is the most connected living organism and the density
of neurons (and density of the inter-connections) determine the "processing"
capacity (similar to number of processors and size of memory in computers)
More connections mean more robust response to impulses/events and more
robust response could mean very large response for every single event, but
that does not mean that the system is more prone to disaster, just more
robust in its response (not more severe)

@_date: 2009-04-21 23:56:03
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
If you blame mistakes on the way our brain works that does not take
responsibility from the person committing the mistake to fix that mistake
and correct their behavior (i.e. correct what makes them make mistakes, e.g.
take some medication or correct the problem in their cognition)
A cannibal's brain maybe wired to perceive people as food but that does not
make eating people OK.
I had read "Why We Make Mistakes" and found it to be tactically insightful
but philosophically tacky.
If my job was to follow a straight line and if my brain is wired to see the
line as being curved while it's in fact straight then I need to wear some
glasses that correct for the optical illusion or figure out a technique to
see the line without any distortion.
Personal responsibility cannot be abandoned by simply saying that look at
optical illusions it's not our fault we were made that way.
If you're in charge of some nuclear facility and your brain is wired to
trick you in a way that causes the reaction to melt down you should really
fix the way you process what your brain tells you, e.g. by establishing
tests or using some tool.
So as far as people's relationship to money (and relationships exists around
money not just with money) even if people (we) are wired for certain
behavioral patterns if those patterns are causing problems we need to
abandon them.
That is rationality.
Emotion would be the fear one has of changing their behavior and the symptom
of fear of changing a damaging behavior, IMO, is to blame it on the way our
brains are wired. That is fear of change. That is emotion.
Rationality would be to recognize the fear of change and actually proceed
with making the change/fix.

@_date: 2009-04-22 15:17:54
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
People are not yet into playing doctor ...
For example, defibrillators save lives but less than 1% of seniors have
"DIY or DIE" would be a good message in case of the defibrillators.

@_date: 2009-04-22 15:24:08
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Snowdrift, Renewable Hierarchies and the Commons 
Hi Michel,
That's definitely part of it (as far as renewable hierarchies go) but I'm
leaning toward maximally thin, renewable hierarchies (where not only the
leaders are renewed but all positions) as a way to have both the simplicity
of the hierarchical coordination model as well as the freeing aspects of the
network cooperation model.

@_date: 2009-04-22 17:18:19
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
I know that supplements are a big market.
How about self-use medical devices? I thought that's what you're referring
to re: Smartphone ultrasound scanner.
As far as defibrillators go, I know that they're not in wide use. They cost
around $1000.
On the other hand, blood sugar and pregnancy testing devices are used
I guess it depends on the kind of device and its price.

@_date: 2009-04-22 18:23:25
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
I think you're on the spot there as far as the long term evolution of the
health market.
Doctors can be replaced with expert systems. Surgeons can be replaced with
Medical and pharmaceutical researchers, bioinformatics researchers, et al
will still be needed. I know that some will say they too can be replaced
with discovery software couped to bots that can do experiments but that's a
little far fetched now since we haven't really cracked what 'creativity' is
and how major breakthroughs come to us. If we had, we wouldn't be
collaborating here.. we'd let our AI agents do all the
creative/philosophical thinking/problem solving.

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:09:50
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
Hi Michel,
AI and robotics will continue to reduce the level of specialization required
by people.
The surgical robots used today are already programmed with certain surgical
maneuvers (e.g. they know how to hold a knife and make certain cuts and the
doctor has to only give the green light)
So it's easy to see someone with just a college degree (instead of 11 years
of medical schooling) operate these smart systems. I'm not saying that we
will have zero human intervention in the near future but I'm saying that it
democratizes the whole field of medicine by lowering the specialization
level required to conduct medical tests and procedures. That's already
happening and has been happening for decades.

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:17:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
I think if one is focused on being horny then one will make sure they land
the plane so they can get on with it. That would be my priority.

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:31:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
I would nudge you (if I can) in the direction of doing the PhD just because
you'd want to have the leverage of the existing system while you work to
create (or promote) a new one.
It's impossible to move the earth with a lever (from Greek lit I think)
unless it's hinged to something else, so the same with trying to move P2P to
the next level; the lever has to be hinged on the existing system.

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:39:19
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
That is insane, which is why it will be repeated.
Only thing is: I doubt an auto-pilot could have landed that plane on the
Hudson (the one that ran into a flock of birds) ... and if any machine makes
a life/death decision that results in death then you'll see a huge backlash
against machines (that make decisions) even though humans make mistakes.
I enjoyed the philosophical undertones in Battlestar Galactica (the new
series that just ended) and would highly recommend it for followers of this

@_date: 2009-04-22 20:02:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
I apologize for giving you the perception that I'm playing with you.
But there is something about your assertions (and I suspect vice versa) that
is triggering.
I prefer if we could figure it out without further impinging on our
Maybe a live multi-user audio discussion (with ability to export as Podcast)
would be better than a mailing list where words and statements can be
interpreted subject to personal bias. There is something about the tonality
and texture of spoken words that gives the listener much more in-depth
insight into what the speaker is saying. Like seeing food vs tasting it. I
think the actual experience of listening is diminished when it's in text

@_date: 2009-04-22 21:31:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
Well said Michel!
Also, when you say "assuming intelligence is solely in the brain" I assume
that you're referring to the intelligence in the human body and by extension
the environment around the human body.
As far as my current thinking on intelligence, I believe that the brain is
just one type of intelligence provider, the body is another type, and the
environment is yet another type, but all working together.
I have heard the term "inter-subjectivity" a few times already but I don't
know exactly what it embodies...

@_date: 2009-04-23 01:36:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Order .. is boring 
For a long while now, maybe several years or even decades, I lost track, I
have lived in relative self-enforced chaos simply because I get very bored
with predictability and routine.
Obviously, to get paid (the kind of money I used to get paid) I leveraged my
expertise living in chaos to launch creative transformations at the
companies I worked for.
But at some point I could no longer take it anymore and decided to live for
the moment .. .and during that transition I wasnt working for anyone for a
couple of years and eventually found myself homeless and now back working
for someone although with more freedom at lower pay
I find myself spending 80% of my time thinking out loud, debating, and
expressing myself through the things, ideas, music, etc that I find funny,
interesting, odd, awful, etc
And yet I find that what I do in the rest of my time (the 20%) is infinitely
more magical (in this case iPhone development, working on several apps at
once) in that the time I supposedly "waste" allows me to make huge
evolutionary leaps in the design and ideas
So it's the opposite of what Google allows their employees to do (they let
them dedicate 20% of their time on their own projects - or at least they
used to) ... I think letting employees dedicate 80% of their time to
whatever they want to do and 20% to the task they sign up for AND then
giving them full freedom in designing the product or solving whatever
problem AND have their salary be based in large part on the success of the
product/solution in the market then they would have breakthroughs every
single day, IMO.
If I ever was to get funded again and build an R&D team that's exactly the
approach I would take.
It makes sense to me. I'm not sure it makes sense to anyone else.
Just wanted to share it and see if anyone else is living in the same state.

@_date: 2009-04-23 06:37:40
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Order .. is boring 
That does make sense, Michel.
I guess I'm in transition to that model.
I always thought that it takes a certain personality for this path to be a
most natural and inevitable one, but maybe it's a much more universally
desired path than I thought.
I'll elaborate on how I ultimately arrived at this model and what I had to
do to get here... that is once I get to the next stage in the transition...
Thanks for this enlightening feedback.

@_date: 2009-04-23 18:19:28
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
Stanford and Harvard probably have over $100B in combined assets (Ryan,
you're the expert here) so for schools like that I just don't understand
what "disappear" means.
Stanford (like MIT) is a proponent of open education and they've started
experimenting with free education led by tenured professors (on the Palo
Alto campus not just online)
I certainly don't see MIT, Harvard and Stanford going anywhere. They will
evolve for sure but they have amassed so much wealth and resources (or
resource networks) that they're unlikely to just dissolve. It may happen
more like the transition from the British Empire to what is now "Great
Britain." In other words, they will still hold a lot of power just from a
different position.
My 2 cents.

@_date: 2009-04-23 18:37:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Was Re: P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone 
I think Michel is referring to the ideology in a vacuum, i.e. in the absence
of anything real.
You can have a vision in the absence of something real to substantiate it
and that is called futuring or visioning and it's part of human nature.
But you cannot have an ideology in the absence of something real to
substantiate it.
So the issue, IMO, is vision vs ideology.
Ideology that is there before there is any supporting reality is delusion.
Vision is different, as it foreshadows what is to come and does not pretend
that it is already here.

@_date: 2009-04-23 18:46:43
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Was Re: P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone 
I mean we already have a "tarns-humanist ideology" without any signs of a
trans-humanists. People putting RFID tags under their skins does not make
them trans-human. People planting dumb cameras in their eye socket does not
make them trans-human.
A vision can exist for sure, and is part of human nature, but for some
people I have met on Open Manufacturing and elsewhere they pretend that they
are trans-human already and they abide by some ideology that they ascribe to
trans-humans even when they're still bearded kids sitting in some dorm or
their mom's basement.
Ok, done venting. :-)

@_date: 2009-04-23 20:03:17
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Was Re: P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone 
I'm just going to comment on the aspect of Ryan's response that interests me
the most:
Visioning is NOT 'necessarily ideological' unless you want to sell the
vision, i.e. you have to believe that it's there (and just requires XYZ)
already in order for others to believe in it and fund it etc.
But the extent to which one believes their own imagination is what I'm
concerned about... sometimes it crosses the border between vision and
delusion, where the latter is defined as believing in your own vision beyond
just for show (beyond just to sell the vision)

@_date: 2009-04-24 00:41:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pirate Bay.. The Retrial 
"The Stockholm district court judge, Tomas Norstrom, is a member of two
groups for the protection of immaterial rights. A representative of the film
and music industry who participated in the trial is a board member of one of
the groups."
"If the court of appeal considers this a bias, which isn't far-fetched, it
must declare the verdict invalid and send it back to the district court
again. Then we're back to square one,"
This is like the circus.

@_date: 2009-04-24 11:29:31
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Was Re: P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone 
That's how I define Perfection.
I don't think anyone can ask for more out of a human being.

@_date: 2009-04-24 12:40:56
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P + The System = Change 
Given my/our _adversarial_ relationship with the existing system I have
concluded that either I/we start take advantage of the system or the system
will continue to take advantage of me/us.
In contributing to the emergence of the kind of
want, I/we need to take
advantage of the system, not ignore it or worse circumvent it but take full
advantage of it.
This is in follow up to the dialog between Ryan and Michel on idealism (for
its 'perceived' moral and social value) vs pragmatism (for the sake of
enabling change)
My 44 cents.

@_date: 2009-04-26 04:20:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Order .. is boring 
the current system makes it almost impossible as an objective
but the "system" is not the "universe" (defined: all that there is)...
sometimes struggle is rewarded by the universe in unexpected ways, sometimes
at the least expected time, so if someone wants it (desire) strong enough
they're likely to eventually be given the opportunity (not by the system but
by the universe)
that's what i can attest to and I'm sure others can attest to it as well
nothing magical, just a lot of struggle and fighting for ones belief

@_date: 2009-04-27 00:52:47
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google as Open Kindle Maker? 
Those "free" services are costing us our autonomy from one of the world's
biggest capitalists... and in the case of network-centric computing (aka
cloud services) it's costing us in resilience and sustainable abundance (due
to single point of failure and concentration of power, respectively)
Most people don't think deeply enough about things. So to say that Google's
"free" services aren't costing us anything is incorrect, based on what it is
costing us in autonomy, resilience and sustainable abundance.

@_date: 2009-04-27 03:33:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google as Open Kindle Maker? 
wasn't familiar with them by name but I had heard of such a group
they're pro autonomy but they're not pro p2p (as in p2p cloud) .. maybe just
picking the most viable fight.. until IPv6 becomes mainstream, which is give
rise to p2p cloud services... and that's honestly what's exciting about
technology: it makes us, we don't make it.
will definitely let you know if i write something substantial about it.. but
there would have to be something new to write about, not just repeating what
is being said re: open clouds... a "cloud" to me is a p2p network..
otherwise, it's a friggin DATA CENTER.. they (Google, MS, IBM, et al)
hijacked the term cloud (or at least the meaning I had associated with it
the last 15 years)

@_date: 2009-04-27 13:54:51
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM 
they should have anticipated this when they came up with the title (but
might have been a non-English speaker who had to come up with the title)...
should be '3rd Global University Forum' maybe? :)
On Mon, Apr 27, 2009 at 1:48 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-27 17:37:03
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Change Economy 
I'm wondering if anyone out there has a good view of all the economic
activity that is related to "change"
For example, the number of companies that are open sourcing their
proprietary software or processes, and what that is creating in terms of
economic activity.
Another example, the number of universities that are open sourcing their
courses (like MIT, Stanford) and those implementing 'holistic education',
what that is creating in terms of economic activity.
I wonder if someone has the time to give us a good description of the change
economy and it's size (e.g. total spending on change in dollars.)

@_date: 2009-04-27 18:54:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On unschooling 
Just sharing a story along the same lines:
I refused to believe that the formal concept/definition of the 'limit' in
calculus was making any sense as far as why someone would have even thought
of it. So I went and researched the history of calculus and found out that
Newton had come to it through an intuitive feat not through formal
construction but his peers couldn't assimilate it into the rational story
that is mathematics so he went on to explain it (after the fact) as a formal
concept, i.e. invented the rational story for it after he had used it
In the same effort to understand the history of rational story constructed
mathematics, with all its bits and pieces, I found out about a completely
different version of calculus called 'non-standard analysis'' where the
concept of the limit is defined differently. At that point I realized that
even at a top engineering school, even in a mathematics class, the teacher
is more harm than benefit. So I went on teaching myself everything I wanted
to learn (something that started when I was 10) and dropping out of my
classes (to work on some hardware/software idea) and did not finish my
degree until I was 28... and that caused a lot of havoc upfront that freed
me from the false safety of the traditional path and caused me to be really
angry about the educational system (and the stupid system we have built
around it) ... an anger which I wouldn't trade for anything except the
complete dissolution (or constructive evolution) of the system... Obviously,
I couldn't stand teachers who were technically brilliant but philosophically
crippled... and the more I pushed the more frequently I got on their shit
On Mon, Apr 27, 2009 at 6:14 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-04-27 19:35:29
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Change Economy 
AHITU is a great book.
I'm asking because it seems for the first time "change" (and more
specifically, and as you say, 'network enabled change') is maturing into a
full fledged economy and I'm personally interested in figuring out the size
of the change economy.... no business motivation, just my own curiosity.

@_date: 2009-04-28 02:55:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google as Open Kindle Maker? 
My definition of p2p is direct client to client (pc to pc) not going through
a centralized grid/cloud or whatever
So when I say this is not p2p I mean it in the software architecture
Sorry for confusion

@_date: 2009-04-28 13:58:48
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google as Open Kindle Maker? 
Well, I'm speaking in terms of the software architecture. What makes
something p2p to a software developer is the absence of centralized servers
except for coordination (for efficiency, optional)

@_date: 2009-04-28 14:08:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Change Economy 
It will slip thru your fingers sooner or later, so it's all the same, to me
at least. The job of the writer-scientist-philosopher, IMO, is to inspire
you to enter a higher state of awareness, not give you the details that you
and I know will be proven wrong in 100 years or tomorrow.
Sam: still processing... had a long night.

@_date: 2009-04-28 14:15:17
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Google as Open Kindle 
oh yes that's true (and could ne non-repeating pattern just as easily) in
some usage context for p2p agent networks but I'm still talking in terms of
SOFTWAAAARE .... the software is client to client + (optional) supernodes +
(optional) coordination services ... Remember, i spent some months planning
a p2p system and the hurdle we didn't elect to cross was all the jumping
thru the hoop we have to do with Ipv4 vs Ipv6....

@_date: 2009-04-28 14:35:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
Dell has decent laptops (with builtin webcam, large screen, etc) for just
under $500.
If there are ten of us here able to donate $50 each .... that would do it.
You know what's missing in all those online payment systems that's a great
opportunity for a new startup is a way for multiple people to contribute to
the price of a purchase, securely, such that the order is not done (and all
funds refundable after a certain period of time where the order is held
waiting for full funds) until the full price is paid for, by however number
of contributors.

@_date: 2009-04-28 18:54:22
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
Fundable sounds good.
If no one else does it first and tells us I will start one tomorrow
around this time and post the details here.

@_date: 2009-04-29 22:29:01
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
Dear all,
I've had a hard and busy day but I will get this started after my (late)
dinner, pending verification from Michel of the fund raising goal.
I assume we have all agreed that the goal is to raise money collectively so
that Michel can get a netbook to replace his stolen laptop and we need to
raise a total of up to $250 for netbook + up to 15% tax + up to $25 for
shipping, and then Michel can find a local dealer in Thailand (i assume
there are several)
Michel: is that your understanding too as far as the goal here?

@_date: 2009-04-29 22:45:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] TechCrunch on P2P Lending 
if you look at their management team press releases, quotations, and
background, you realize this is p2p within a very capitalistic context
still better than nothing

@_date: 2009-04-29 23:40:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
In addition to confirming our fund raising goal of '$300 for the purchase of
a netbook for you,' I also need your PayPal info so the funds we raise can
be transferred to you. That's how Fundable works...
I hope that after I enter that info they'll take me to a page where they'll
let me make the first donation by credit card (I had canceled my PayPal
account after being scammed on eBay and PayPal people did not want to help
recover the funds even though they're part of eBay) ... Else, I'd have to
setup a paypal account, get it verified, etc, which is a pain.
That's all for now.

@_date: 2009-04-30 04:51:02
@_author: marc.fawzi@gmail.com 
@_subject: [p2p-research] marc.fawzi@gmail.com sent you a link from 
Michel's Netbook
Please click on the link to donate. Minimum set by Fundable to $10.
My own little donation will be there tomorrow and I will make also sure the fund closes successfully.
--- What is Fundable?
Fundable.com lets groups of people pool money to make purchases or raise funds.  Similar to online auctions, Fundable's collection pages are created by people who use the web site. Each page contains a description of how much money needs to be collected and what it will do.  Once enough pledges for a collection have been secured, Fundable turns them into real payments and sends the total to the collection's organizer.
If a collection expires before reaching its total in pledges, Fundable deletes all pledges and never charges money.  --- Want to unsubscribe?
Please forward this email to unsubscribe at fundable.com

@_date: 2009-04-30 02:21:50
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
FUNDABLE details for Michel's Netbook
Please click on the link to donate. Minimum set by Fundable to $10.
My own little donation will be there tomorrow and I will make also sure the
fund closes successfully.
--- What is Fundable?
Fundable.com lets groups of people pool money to make purchases or raise
funds.  Similar to online auctions, Fundable's collection pages are created
by people who use the web site. Each page contains a description of how much
money needs to be collected and what it will do.  Once enough pledges for a
collection have been secured, Fundable turns them into real payments and
sends the total to the collection's organizer.
If a collection expires before reaching its total in pledges, Fundable
deletes all pledges and never charges money.

@_date: 2009-04-30 03:33:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
Hi Christian,
We've made the decision to try this route and we'll bite the cost this time,
but you're very encouraged to PayPal Michel directly if you can't justify
the Fundable model.
Nothing is as bad or as good as it seems.
I'll make sure the Fundable fund closes successfully, and I encourage those
willing to try it to do so.
Beyond that, I'd personally be interested in funding a Fundable clone (with
others) that charges less than 1%.
Let's see how it goes first, i.e. use Fundable to experiment.

@_date: 2009-04-30 04:46:51
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
Fundable let's you see how much money has been donated and by how many
people. It's P2P in that sense. Paypal-ing direct from each donor to Michel
does not give us an idea of how many unless Michel announces it and then
it's lost in many response threads.
Is that worth 10%? Hell no. But is the $22 worth the cost of this
transparent, collective funding experiment? IMO, yes, which is why I'd like
to see if it works. If it does work, the next thing would be to issue a call
to see who is interested in co-funding the rapid prototyping of a Fundable
clone. I'm interested.
I would encourage anyone interested in seeing this collective funding
experiment work to donate thru the Fundable link.
I'll cover the 10% or any gap by the end of the period and make sure the
fund is closed successfully...
If anyone would like to donate directly to Michel that's just as good.
The idea with fund raising is not to hit the target but exceed it, so you're
encouraged to donate directly to Michel via PayPal if you don't like to use
But if the Fundable experiment works then we have ground for starting
another experiment to clone Fundable itself and offer the same service for
1% of less in fees, or no fees at all if possible, i.e. liberate the idea
behind Fundable from the shackles of the capitalist paradigm. But first we
have to see it work!

@_date: 2009-04-30 05:03:58
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
If the Fundable experiment works (if people use the Fudnable application to
donate to Michel) then we would see that it works (i.e. people like to use a
transparent zero-risk way to raise funds with others) and we would be
encouraged to raise some money to clone Fundable (on fundable itself!!! to
make a statement, which I think is an important aspect to ths storytelling
afterwards) then outsource and manage the development of it, collectively.
It's very simple to build a similar application, and then we can all be
proud of creating a true p2p alternative (i.e. one without outrageous fee)
that serves our own money needs... and currencies can be built on top of
that, etc, although that's extremely far thinking, but I wanna explicitly
state where I see us going with this... if it works.
In any case, I'm committed to closing the Fundable fund successfuly,
including donating the full amount. Michel could use any contribution. He
has delivered immense value and deserves maximum support, especially when it
creates an opportunity for us to make the change we want happen, through
careful but bold steps!

@_date: 2009-04-30 05:22:39
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
So far, three contributors to *Michel's netbook purchase*, totaling $90.
That's 37% of the goal, and the fund will be open for the next 25 days, so
it seems to be working.

@_date: 2009-04-30 05:56:02
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
I checked it out and I don't see how to create a collective fund raising
account .... Could you just describe the steps to setup a collective fund?
Using a wiki to report the amount raised and show transactions, etc, and
having a person actually do the updates manually is not an efficient process
and it may be error prone or slow and thus not as effective. Plus the key
feature of Fundable is that none of the funds are taken until the fund
reaches its goal! (when the total to be raised is reached)
Let's continue with Fundable given it's advantages and if it does work for
us in this experiment we can think about cloning it and offering it (the
same exact model) for no fee or very low fee. That is to say we liberate the
good and well thought out idea that is behind Fundable.
The proof is in the pudding (or in the eating of the pudding) so let's see
how many more people will donate to Michel's netbook cause through Fundable!

@_date: 2009-04-30 06:05:35
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fundable and Michel Computer 
As much as I hate the $22 extra I can see this working out as an experiment
in Open Funding ("software") and if anyone here would want to contribute to
cloning Fundable we can think of having our own alternative clone without a
Key features of Fundable that are desirable:
1. Funds are not taken even after they're pledged and are held until the
fund reaches the total sum. This motivates everyone, including the
recipient, to engage in fund raising until the full sum is obtained, which
in turn assures the fulfillment of the recipient's purpose.
2. Everything is transparent without any manual work. All transactions can
be seen. Current amount, etc.
3. It's a website and as such we can promote the fund raising to people
outside of this list (i.e. to others who maybe interested in donating but
are not on this list) by sending them the URL.
If enough people donate thru Fundable then we'll have grounds for cloning it
and removing the fee in our version of it.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.

@_date: 2009-04-30 06:26:48
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fundable and Michel Computer 
It's up to $140 now, which is 59% of the stated goal!  That worked pretty
Obviously, the guys at Fundable don't make their cut until the fund reaches
its goal, so here's a message from them:
"That's great news, but remember, you only have until 5/25/2009 to raise
$97.00 more or all $140.00 collected so far will be refunded."
I would re-worded: "That's great news! You have raised over half the total
amount in just 5 hours! Way to go!"
Thanks guys.
If anyone has suggestions for Michel as to which Netbook brand/model to get
please feel free to share them with the list.

@_date: 2009-04-30 06:46:54
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fundable and Michel Computer 
Here is the donate link again for Michel's netbook

@_date: 2009-04-30 11:57:54
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fundable and Michel Computer 
"You have met your goal and now have $240.00 in contributions!"
Thank you guys.
I had put Michel's PayPal account (email address) in the payee slot, so
PayPal will send the money to Michel as soon as the fund is "ended."
I had specified that the fund should continue to run even after the goal is
met, i.e. more money raised than goal is OK.
So I'll let it run for another day in case someone else wants to donate then
I'll "end" it so the funds will be committed to Michel via Payal by
Thanks again guys. This worked very fast.

@_date: 2009-04-30 14:54:50
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cost Recovery (was: Fundable and Michel's 
============================== START ==============================
We would invest to build a transparent collective fund raising (with the
goal of cloning all the features of Fundable, namely, the ability to defer
commitment of donations until fund raising goal is met and automatic
transparency as well as being a web application easy to access by anyone)
What I'll do is to post the requirements message here on this list, get
feedback, then post it to Guru.com and get bids. I'd like to keep the bids
under $500 through (and hopefully close to $200) by managing the language of
the RFP (or RFB in this case). Remember that when it comes to e-commerce
sites, like Fundable, 99% of the cost of development is in producing the
requirements and in our case we have a living set of requiremments (or
features) in Fundable. If we start changing features etc that will raise the
cost exponentially. Only change we make is we bill at 1% instead of 10%.
Pure and simple replication.
If the bids come within the $200-$500 range I would be happy to manage the
vendor interviews and selection in consultation with this list (I've
outsourced before and the process is pretty familiar to me) and then perform
the project management with frequent updates to this list. Only concern is
finding a Google App Engine development shop in say India or Eastern Europe
becasue the technology is new, so we'd have to manage that trade off (see
below re: Google App Engine cost rationale)
The following portion of the discussion is aimed at developers (and the
technically minded):
I spent 15 minutes a couple days ago to setup a place holder 'website
application' on Google's App Engine (see:  ... it
just says Hello World! for now but it's running totally free of charge for
up to 5 million pages served per month, even when it's fully populated, and
they actually bill reasonably per cpu hour and bandwidth after that.
I know it's crazy for me to suggest this approach since I'm a harsh critic
of centralized clouds, but Google is known to _trade profit for power_ and
then leverage that power later for revenue directly or indirectly (their
business model when it comes to growing their revenue is to shoot then aim
as opposed to aim then shoot) so we enjoy the lower cost of hosting for now
and then when an open cloud standard is developed and when we have
sufficient mass of users it will be easy (cost rationale wise) to migrate it
to an open cloud, and who knows Google may change their mind and join the
open standard. That's as much as we could do while the net is still running
on IPv4. When everyone migrates to IPv6 pure P2P architectures (or p2p
clouds) would be decisively more viable for us and for the joe developer
than centralized ones, for reasons discussed here:
more to the point here:

@_date: 2009-01-31 15:48:14
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] All Work is Created Equal 
Trying to get started on a $$ project but the P2P Economy keeps pulling me
back in  ! :-(
I was encouraged by certain folks, especially Chris Watkins, to produce an
easy-to-read plain English version of the P2P Energy Model, for end users
rather than developers.
In the process, a lot of clarity was gained and very powerful themes started
to emerge.
These powerful themes are almost entirely backed up by the model's logic,
which has now been further clarified for those who are technically inclined.
Anyways, the populous themes that have emerged are:
All Work Is Created Equal
Technically speaking, in the P2P Energy Economy, tokens of the currency
(i.e. money) are created in proportion to the increase in the amount of
electric energy flow from nodes with energy surplus to nodes with energy
deficit, including households, charging stations, electric vehicle grid, and
neighboring communities, which is then converted by those nodes into new
work energy, which gives the tokens a real and absolute work value (in
joules) in spent energy, which enables its use in trading the goods and
services defined under this economy, at the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them.
To restate this in plain English, it suffice it to say that in the P2P
Energy Economy all work is equal because all work is measured using the same
unit of energy, i.e. the Joule, so a dentist's work is not any more valuable
than a teacher's work, while still allowing those who work harder get more
back. In other words, it values all work equally while allowing people to
work as hard as they please and get compensated based on the absolute value
of their work energy not the subjective value of their work.
The conditions of sustainable abundance, given below, must be met for all
goods and services to be traded under this model. These conditions, when
combined with the currency defined under this model, enable a complete
departure from today's scarcity enforcing economic model by allowing
everyone who wishes to get a given good or service to do so at the absolute
work value of the energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or
1. On-demand production (which permits predictive inventory management so
producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and inefficiency
and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes shortages and
high prices, which is also unsustainable) 2. Decentralized production (which
assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers) 3. Renewable production
(which assures there's no dependence on scarce resources) 4. Scalable
production (which assures that volume is not limited by the production
process) 5. Open source production and "share alike" licensing (which
assures that the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing
social and moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)
When the above conditions are met, for any given good or service, that good
or service should be available to everyone who wishes to have at the cost of
energy it takes to produce and deliver it.
So if health care (as a service) was to meet the above conditions then a
visit to the dentist should not cost more than what it takes in energy to
render that service.
Things Cost Less Over Time
Given continuous technological progress, work done today should take less
energy to do in the future.
While that's true for the current economy, the P2P Energy Economy channels
the profit motive (or greed) into achieving higher and higher efficiencies
in the use of energy (in producing and delivering products and services) so
given the currency does not lose its work value in energy more and more can
be purchased with less and less currency.
Good Things Come to Those Who Care
In today's economy socially, environmentally and ecologically conscious
producers of goods and services are beginning to see increased sales, but
only in very limited niches and local markets.
In the P2P Energy Economy consumers identify, as part of each purchase of
goods or services, the required attributes (for the given good or service)
as well as their social, environmental and ecological values, which allows
them to find producers (of the given good or service) who support their
values. This means that money flows more in sync with society's values.
The More You Share, The More You Have
In the P2P Energy Economy, in order for producers to grow their revenue they
have to share it with others.
The way it works is by rewarding producers who lend money to others (with no
interest) with bigger access to the market, such that the more they lend the
bigger their to the market.
Increased Autonomy Through Increased Inter-Dependence
In the current economy, reliance on one or few major players in each given
market has created an unsustainable system. When the top 2 or 3 investment
banks in each country failed the entire global financial industry collapsed,
which has caused the global economy to falter (search: global economic
meltdown 2008.)
In the P2P Energy Economy, increased autonomy is achieved by putting power
with the whole rather than with one or few major players.
The current economic meltdown (search: global economic meltdown 2008) is a
proof that we have reached or are reaching the limits of sustainability for
the current economic paradigm, and that 'peer production' (the production of
energy, goods and services by individuals as opposed to utilities and
factories,) will make the system dependent on the people as a whole, instead
of on one or few major players, which, as we can see, based on the current
paradigm, makes the people dependent on the system and renders them helpless
in times of instability, thus perpetuating and even deepening their
dependence on the system.
The key concept behind the P2P Energy Economy is that it replaces increased
dependence by the people on the system (i.e. on the major players) with
increased inter-dependence between equally empowered peers, which puts the
power with the whole and allows both the individual and the system to enjoy
true autonomy.
Monopolies are eliminated in the P2P Energy Economy due to the following
1. All goods and services meet the following criteria for sustainable
abundance: a. On-demand production (which permits predictive inventory
management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and
inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes
shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable)  b. Decentralized
production (which assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers)  c.
Renewable production (which assures there's no dependence on scarce
resources)  d. Scalable production (which assures that volume is not limited
by the production process)  e. Open source production and "share alike"
licensing (which assures that the good or service can be produced by anyone,
while enforcing social and moral rights of the originator, not their right
to a monopoly.)  2. Consumers are automatically and anonymously matched to
producers based on the required attributes for the given good or service and
the affinity between the consumer's and the producer's social, ecological
and environmental values.
The rest of the model, including the beginning sections of the User Manual,
can be found at: All the best,
p.s. Michel, would love to blog this on P2Pf once James gives me access.

@_date: 2009-01-31 18:43:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] All Work is Created Equal 
Hi Stan,
Thank you for asking these questions.
Re: "polluting"
"It's expected that the community mandates certain criteria, e.g. solar,
wind, renewable sources, with local storage, and a scalable decentralized
electric grid."
Re: sustainability
"Sustainable abundance in energy can only come from having many equally
empowered peers producing electricity not from one or few major suppliers.
Sustainable abundance in energy also requires close matching of demand and
supply at the work value of energy (not at the so-called "equilibrium
price," which artificially limits demand to meet circumstantially limited
supply, and not at a price above this so-called equilibrium price, where
supply is artificially limited, but at the actual work value of energy in
joules which are exchangeable at 1:1 ratio with the "joule token" currency
used here.) This implies that anyone who wishes to get any amount of energy
can do so at the actual work value of that energy in joule tokens.
Below is a simple predictive algorithm for matching demand and supply:
1. P2P Bank takes historical inventory utilization data (during the start-up
period) and calculate a Gaussian distribution with a Mean and Covariance and
provide an inventory level prediction at a set time in the future. 2. P2P
Bank compares the inventory level prediction to a first P2P Bank-set low
inventory threshold. 3. P2P Bank compares the inventory level prediction to
a second P2P Bank-set high inventory threshold. 4. P2P Bank requests energy
replenishment from peers if the predicted level is below the low inventory
threshold, or cancel existing requests if the predicted level is above the
high inventory threshold. P2P Bank manages the response to its replenishment
request by accepting a given quantity of energy from each peer, on first
come first taken basis, based on a supplier scheduling algorithm that takes
into account multiple factors such as: peer reliability (historical ability
to fulfill replenishment request) and other factors (TBD) in diversity
maximizing way to avoid creating unsustainable dependence on certain peers
or certain categories of peers. Note that, as a result of this many-to-many
mapping process, the producers and consumers are never known to each other,
which adds to the security of the system without sacrificing transparency
since all the demand/supply data related to energy is available to all. 5.
P2P Bank records time dependent data related to inventory consumption and
replenishment. 6. P2P Bank calculates time dependent cumulative-forecast
consumption, cumulative-forecast replenishment, cumulative actual
consumption, and cumulative actual replenishment. 7. P2P Bank uses the new
data to update the Gaussian distribution, Mean and Covariance, and calculate
a new predicted inventory level for the next time period.
It's important to note that the P2P Bank inventory is virtually centralized
(as an algorithm) and physically decentralized."
"4. P2P Bank requests energy replenishment from peers if the predicted level
is below the low inventory threshold, or cancel existing requests if the
predicted level is above the high inventory threshold. P2P Bank manages the
response to its replenishment request by accepting a given quantity of
energy from each peer, on first come first taken basis, based on a supplier
scheduling algorithm that takes into account multiple factors such as: peer
reliability (historical ability to fulfill replenishment request) and other
factors (TBD) in diversity maximizing way to avoid creating unsustainable
dependence on certain peers or certain categories of peers. *Note that, as a
result of this many-to-many mapping process, the producers and consumers are
never known to each other, which adds to the security of the system without
sacrificing transparency since all the demand/supply data related to energy
is available to all. "*
"The Affinity Matrix requires that existence of standards for transparency
(on the part of producers) that are followed by all producers. For example,
all packaged foods sold in the US must carry a label indicating all
ingredients. Organic producers have a certifying organization that certifies
their farming processes, and so on. The more such standards exist and the
more they're followed (e.g. by law) then more realistic this idea becomes. "
One thing I know I missed is the part where you say "create a negative
externality" .. unless you mean "depends on negative externality"  in which
case the answer would be that the community must dictate the criteria for
energy production in its set of rules and that's an administrative issue
related to implementation.

@_date: 2009-01-31 21:24:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Games of Confidence" --Bruce Sterling 
"As 2009 opens, our financial institutions are deep in massive, irrational
panic. That's bad, but it gets worse: Many other respected institutions have
rational underpinnings at least as frail as derivatives or bundled
real-estate loans. Like finance, these institutions are social
constructions. They are games of confidence, underpinned by people's solemn
willingness to believe, to conform, to contribute. So why not panic over
them, too?"

@_date: 2009-02-01 05:23:43
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] All Work is 
The title could have been "All Energy Is Created Equal" and it could have
stated that human work energy is measured in Joules, which is how it is
So I think I might change it to say that and it still would say exactly the
same thing except in a language that doesn't bother people who feel that
human work energy for a dentist is more valuable than human work energy for
a carpenter, when measured by the same stick.

@_date: 2009-02-01 05:38:47
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] All Work is 
Here you go:
All Work Is Created Equal
Technically speaking, in the P2P Energy Economy, tokens of the currency
(i.e. money) are created in proportion to the increase in the amount of
electric energy flow from nodes with energy surplus to nodes with energy
deficit, including households, charging stations, electric vehicle grid, and
neighboring communities, which is then converted by those nodes into new
work energy, which gives the tokens a real and absolute work value (in
joules) in spent energy, which enables its use in trading the goods and
services defined under this economy, at the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them.
To restate this in plain English, it suffice it to say that in the P2P
Energy Economy *all work energy is equal* because all work energy is
measured using the same absolute-value unit, i.e. the Joule, so a dentist's
work energy is not any more valuable than a teacher's work energy, while
still allowing those who work harder (produce more work energy) to get more
back. In other words, it values all work energy equally while allowing
people to work as hard as they please and get compensated based on the
absolute value of their work energy not the subjective value of their work.
The conditions of sustainable abundance, given below, must be met for all
goods and services to be traded under this model. These conditions, when
combined with the currency defined under this model, enable a complete
departure from today's scarcity enforcing economic model by allowing
everyone who wishes to get a given good or service to do so at the absolute
work value of the energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or
1. On-demand production (which permits predictive inventory management so
producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and inefficiency
and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes shortages and
high prices, which is also unsustainable) 2. Decentralized production (which
assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers) 3. Renewable production
(which assures there's no dependence on scarce resources) 4. Scalable
production (which assures that volume is not limited by the production
process) 5. Open source production and "share alike" licensing (which
assures that the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing
social and moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)
When the above conditions are met, for any given good or service, that good
or service should be available to everyone who wishes to have at the cost of
energy it takes to produce and deliver it.
So if health care (as a service) was to meet the above conditions then a
visit to the dentist should not cost more than what it takes in energy to
render that service.
Measuring work energy in joules is like measuring distance in feet or
How would you argue against all work energy being equal when it is?

@_date: 2009-02-01 06:21:10
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] All Work is 
For example, in the future, fully automated surgery will be available... a
probing mechanism finds the cancer and takes it out with greater precision
than a human surgeon ever could.
So if all it takes is electricity then why would it cost $100,000? It should
cost more like $1000 including R&D cost spread over e.g. 5 years.
So why the 100X factor of profit above cost?
"All Work Energy Is Created Equal" is what the title should say to emphasize
the absolute value of work energy vs the subjective value of the work
In a world of abundance, you don't need to pay for any good or service more
than the cost of energy it takes to produce and deliver it
You can choose to pay nothing if you can count on giving and getting stuff
for free which ultimately evolves to barter, which is less efficient form of
trading than using a currency, so then we're back to using a currency and
the currency proposed by the P2P Energy Economy model is one that allows
work energy to be measured in absolute terms.
The full model is available at: Would love to discuss some more....

@_date: 2009-02-01 12:16:17
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] All Work is 
Here is the latest added section in the "Introduction to the User Manual"
for P2P Energy Economy in case anyone is interested in the topic:
 Work Only If You Love Your Work
The result of trading in goods and services at the cost of work energy it
takes to produce and deliver them is that, unless one manages to produce and
deliver the good and service with less work energy than other producers of
the same good or service, producers will get back the same amount of work
energy in joule tokens as they put in. And since people can sell their own
produced energy, goods or services for joule tokens at the work value of
energy and at cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver those
goods and services, respectively, and use those joule tokens to get the
goods and services they need at the cost in work energy for delivering those
goods and services, they can go on living indefinitely without the need to
generate 'profits.'
Therefore, the thirst for artificial motivation in the form of profits (i.e.
greed) is out of the picture, which means that people will only do the work
(to produce and deliver a good or service) if and only if they love the
It also means that, since no one has to work unless they love their work, no
one will need -or have any incentive- to work for another person, which
means that most people will be both consumers as well as producers of goods
and services, or "prosumers."
More at:

@_date: 2009-02-01 15:18:56
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Updated: All Work Is Created Equal (and other 
Hi All,
Re: discussion on "All Work Is Created Equal"
I've re-written the introductory sections to P2P Energy
Economyin response to the
latest feedback, and I can't see much wrong with it in
theory but the model itself is very new and experimental, i.e. probably not
realistic at this time, yet still useful as an exercise (with key learning
Whether the model is realistic or not is not determinable through static
judgment, especially as the model continues to evolve based on feedback, and
it's probably time to start build a simulation with actual human users, even
just using a spreadsheet model.
People are most welcome to take the ideas developed so far and remix them as
part of a more realistic model.
The principles of the experiment have been updated per the following:
*All Work Is Created Equal
Technically speaking, in the P2P Energy Economy, tokens of the currency
(i.e. money) are created in proportion to the increase in the amount of
electric energy flow from nodes with energy surplus to nodes with energy
deficit, including households, charging stations, electric vehicle grid, and
neighboring communities, which is then converted by those nodes into new
work energy, which gives the tokens a real and absolute work value (in
joules) in spent energy, which enables its use in trading the goods and
services defined under this economy, at the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them.
To restate this in plain English, it suffice it to say that in the P2P
Energy Economy all work energy is equal because all work energy is measured
using the same absolute-value unit, i.e. the Joule, so a dentist's work
energy is not any more valuable than a teacher's work energy, while still
allowing those who work harder (produce more work energy) to get more back.
In other words, it values all work energy equally while allowing people to
work as hard and smart as they are capable of and get compensated
proportionately, with increased sales and/or increased profit through higher
production efficiencies.
The conditions of sustainable abundance, given below, must be met for all
goods and services to be traded under this model. These conditions, when
combined with the currency defined under this model, enable a complete
departure from today's scarcity enforcing economic model by allowing
everyone who wishes to get a given good or service to do so at the absolute
work value of the energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or
1. On-demand production (which permits predictive inventory management so
producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and inefficiency
and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes shortages and
high prices, which is also unsustainable) 2. Decentralized production (which
assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers) 3. Renewable production
(which assures there's no dependence on scarce resources) 4. Scalable
production (which assures that volume is not limited by the production
process) 5. Open source production and "share alike" licensing (which
assures that the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing
social and moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)
When the above conditions are met, for any given good or service, that good
or service should be available to everyone who wishes to have at the cost of
energy it takes to produce and deliver it.
So if health care (as a service) was to meet the above conditions then a
visit to the dentist should not cost more than what it takes in energy to
render that service.
The hard problem here is figuring out the energy costing models for the
types of goods and services that fulfill the sustainable abundance criteria
given above.
We can know how much it takes in energy (calories) per day to keep a 25 year
old human being functioning, and we can estimate the other costs of living
in terms of the work energy required to maintain living conditions. We can
also know the energy use of various processes used in producing and
delivering a given good or service. Assuming the given good or service meets
the above-mentioned criteria for sustainable abundance, i.e. no dependence
on scarcity economics, we can measure the energy it takes to produce and
deliver that good or service, and, using historical sales data, we can
adjust that eventually to be based on an average volume of production for
that good or service (instead of raw estimate) and then calculate the median
cost in energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or service, per
each instance of that good or service.
Such calculation involves building realistic energy costing models (for the
various goods and services that meet the sustainable abundance criteria,)
and when it's automated it via cost estimation software (as part of the P2P
trading application) it offers us the opportunity to understand the real
cost of production to ourselves and the environment.
When it comes to rewarding those who work harder and smarter, the model
fully supports that through two different paths:
1) Those who invest work energy in increasing the efficiency of their
production processes get to have a profit margin (because their good or
service costs less than the median cost in work energy to produce and make,
so they get to keep the difference.)
2) Those who invest work energy in improving an existing good or service get
to sell more of that good or service if they select the right improvements
(but also get to lose if they select the wrong improvements, so this second
path involves educated risk taking.)
Work Only If You Love Your Work
The result of trading in goods and services at the cost of work energy it
takes to produce and deliver them is that, unless one manages to produce and
deliver the good and service with less work energy than other producers of
the same good or service, producers will get back the same amount of work
energy in joule tokens as they put in. And since people can sell their own
produced energy, goods or services for joule tokens at the work value of
energy and at cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver those
goods and services, respectively, and use those joule tokens to get the
goods and services they need at the cost in work energy it takes to produce
and deliver those goods and services, they can go on living indefinitely
without the need to generate 'profits.'
Therefore, the thirst for artificial motivation in the form of profits (i.e.
greed) is out of the picture, which means that people will only do the work
(to produce and deliver a good or service) if and only if they love the
It also means that, since no one has to work unless they love their work, no
one will need -or have any incentive- to work for another person, which
means that most people will be both consumers as well as producers of goods
and services, or "prosumers.
Things Cost Less Over Time
Given continuous technological progress, work done today should take less
energy to do in the future.
While that's true for the current economy, the P2P Energy Economy channels
the profit motive (or greed) into achieving higher and higher efficiencies
in the use of energy (in producing and delivering products and services,)
since that is the only way profit can be achieved in the P2P Energy Economy,
so given the currency does not lose its work value in energy more and more
can be purchased with less and less currency.
Good Things Come to Those Who Care
In today's economy socially, environmentally and ecologically conscious
producers of goods and services are beginning to see increased sales, but
only in very limited niches and local markets.
In the P2P Energy Economy consumers identify, as part of each purchase of
goods or services, the required attributes (for the given good or service)
as well as their social, environmental and ecological values, which allows
them to find producers (of the given good or service) who support their
values. This means that money flows more in sync with society's values.
The More You Share, The More You Have
In the P2P Energy Economy, in order for producers to grow their revenue they
have to share it with others.
The way it works is by rewarding producers who lend money to others (with no
interest) with bigger access to the market, such that the more they lend the
bigger their to the market.
Increased Autonomy Through Increased Inter-Dependence
In the current economy, reliance on one or few major players in each given
market has created an unsustainable system. When the top 2 or 3 investment
banks in each country failed the entire global financial industry collapsed,
which has caused the global economy to falter (search: global economic
meltdown 2008.)
In the P2P Energy Economy, increased autonomy is achieved by putting power
with the whole rather than with one or few major players.
The current economic meltdown (search: global economic meltdown 2008) is a
proof that we have reached or are reaching the limits of sustainability for
the current economic paradigm, and that 'peer production' (the production of
energy, goods and services by individuals as opposed to utilities and
factories,) will make the system dependent on the people as a whole, instead
of on one or few major players, which, as we can see, based on the current
paradigm, makes the people dependent on the system and renders them helpless
in times of instability, thus perpetuating and even deepening their
dependence on the system.
The key concept behind the P2P Energy Economy is that it replaces increased
dependence by the people on the system (i.e. on the major players) with
increased inter-dependence between equally empowered peers, which puts the
power with the whole and allows both the individual and the system to enjoy
true autonomy.
Monopolies are eliminated in the P2P Energy Economy due to the following
1. All goods and services must meet the following criteria for sustainable
abundance: a. On-demand production (which permits predictive inventory
management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and
inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes
shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable)  b. Decentralized
production (which assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers)  c.
Renewable production (which assures there's no dependence on scarce
resources)  d. Scalable production (which assures that volume is not limited
by the production process)  e. Open source production and "share alike"
licensing (which assures that the good or service can be produced by anyone,
while enforcing social and moral rights of the originator, not their right
to a monopoly.)  2. Consumers are automatically and anonymously matched to
producers based on the required attributes for the given good or service and
the affinity between the consumer's and the producer's social, ecological
and environmental values. *
Thanks again for all the debating and feedback.

@_date: 2009-02-01 19:18:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] All Work is 
Hi Samantha,
The agile process is what it is, i.e.: raw, partially baked and frequent.
Within minutes after sending that I went in to clarify that the model does
reward creativity and hard work (with had been stated clearly in existing
section on Trading At Cost with Joule Tokens)
I went into further details of how the calculations would be carried out to
account for all inputs.
Having said that, the biggest logical constraints for the model which may
also be the greatest opportunity is that it ONLY holds true for very narrow
category of goods and services, limited by the conditions for sustainable
abundance that I've been able to identify. This makes the model a very niche
model for now, until MORE goods and services meet those conditions. It is
unlikely that ALL goods and services would ever meet all of the conditions.
There is always something scarce in the world, be it a special massage
service (example due to Chris) or some unique and closed invention or
whatever thing that has a scarce quality that justifies paying over cost.
If you care to look at the updated descriptions below for "All Work Is
Created Equal and "Work Only If You Love Your Work," you should see the
model's logic w.r.t. rewarding creativity.
I plan to go through one example calculation (as part of the use case
development) in end to end fashion showing the entire set of inputs (for a
product that meets all of the conditions for sustainable abundance) and how
they contribute to the cost in work energy.
For now, if you see any incompleteness in the argument itself please let me
know.... Thanks
The updated model sections:
All Work Is Created Equal
*If we do not flatten the value of work we will never flatten the hierarchy.
For a true peer-to-peer (P2P) economy to exist, there must not be a
Technically speaking, in the P2P Energy Economy, tokens of the currency
(i.e. money) are created in proportion to the increase in the amount of
electric energy flow from nodes with energy surplus to nodes with energy
deficit, including households, charging stations, electric vehicle grid, and
neighboring communities, which is then converted by those nodes into new
work energy, which gives the tokens a real and absolute work value (in
joules) in spent energy, which enables its use in trading the goods and
services defined under this economy, at the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them.
To restate this in plain English, it suffice it to say that in the P2P
Energy Economy all work energy is equal because all work energy is measured
using the same absolute-value unit, i.e. the Joule, so a dentist's work
energy is not any more valuable than a teacher's work energy, while still
allowing those who work harder (produce more work energy) to get more back.
In other words, it values all work energy equally while allowing people to
work as hard and smart as they are capable of and get compensated
proportionately, with increased sales and/or increased profit through higher
production efficiencies.
The conditions of sustainable abundance, given below, must be met for all
goods and services to be traded under this model. These conditions, when
combined with the currency defined under this model, enable a complete
departure from today's scarcity enforcing economic model by allowing
everyone who wishes to get a given good or service to do so at the absolute
work value of the energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or
1. On-demand production (which permits predictive inventory management so
producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and inefficiency
and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes shortages and
high prices, which is also unsustainable) 2. Decentralized production (which
assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers) 3. Renewable production
(which assures there's no dependence on scarce resources) 4. Scalable
production (which assures that volume is not limited by the production
process) 5. Open source production and "share alike" licensing (which
assures that the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing
social and moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.) 6.
Non-Scarce Production (this catch-all condition refers to the absence of any
factors that would justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes
to produce and deliver the given good or service)
When the above conditions are met, for any given good or service, that good
or service should be available to everyone who wishes to have at the cost of
energy it takes to produce and deliver it.
So if health care (as a service) was to meet the above conditions then a
visit to the dentist should not cost more than what it takes in energy to
render that service.
The hard problem here is figuring out the energy costing models for the
types of goods and services that fulfill the sustainable abundance criteria
given above.
We can know how much it takes in energy (calories) per day to keep a 25 year
old human being functioning, and we can estimate the other costs of living
in terms of the work energy required to maintain living conditions. We can
also know the energy use of various processes used in producing and
delivering a given good or service. Assuming the given good or service meets
the above-mentioned criteria for sustainable abundance, i.e. no dependence
on scarcity economics, we can measure the energy it takes to produce and
deliver that good or service, and, using historical sales data, we can
adjust that eventually to be based on an average volume of production for
that good or service (instead of raw estimate) and then calculate the median
cost in energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or service, per
each instance of that good or service.
Such calculation involves building realistic energy costing models (for the
various goods and services that meet the sustainable abundance criteria,)
and when it's automated it via cost estimation software (as part of the P2P
trading application) it offers us the opportunity to understand the real
cost of production to ourselves and the environment.
When it comes to rewarding those who work harder and smarter, the model
fully supports that through two different paths:
1) Those who invest work energy in increasing the efficiency of their
production processes get to have a profit margin (because their good or
service costs less than the median cost in work energy to produce and make,
so they get to keep the difference.)
2) Those who invest work energy in improving an existing good or service get
to sell more of that good or service if they select the right improvements
(but also get to lose if they select the wrong improvements, so this second
path involves educated risk taking.)
Work Only If You Love Your Work
The result of trading in goods and services at the cost of work energy it
takes to produce and deliver them is that, unless one manages to produce and
deliver the good and service with less work energy than other producers of
the same good or service, producers will get back the same amount of work
energy in joule tokens as they put in. And since people can sell their own
produced energy, goods or services for joule tokens at the work value of
energy and at cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver those
goods and services, respectively, and use those joule tokens to get the
goods and services they need at the cost in work energy it takes to produce
and deliver those goods and services, they can go on living indefinitely
without the need to generate 'profits.'
Therefore, the thirst for artificial motivation in the form of profits (i.e.
greed) is out of the picture, which means that people will only do the work
(to produce and deliver a good or service) if and only if they love the
It also means that, since no one has to work unless they love their work, no
one will need -or have any incentive- to work for another person, which
means that most people will be both consumers as well as producers of goods
and services, or "prosumers.

@_date: 2009-02-02 09:24:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Updated: All Work Is Created Equal (and other 
Just the type of questions I needed to explore the next stages of the
model's development, so thank you very much for articulating them as
coherently as you have, at this level of detail.
   1. How would you calculate how much energy went into multi-year design
   and subsequent manufacturing of a complex semiconductor chip? They are
   designed by teams of tens and, sometimes hundreds of folks with advanced
   degrees and could cost tens to hundreds of US$m. How would you determine its
   cost to your counter-party in the exchange transaction? How would it be
   determined if you manufacture and sell 2 million of them? What would happen
   if you only manufacture 20?
To answer the above questions, the conditions for sustainable abundance
needed to be defined more tightly and clearly.
The updated list is:
1. Non-Wasteful, On-demand Production (which permits predictive inventory
management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and
inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes
shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable) 2. Decentralized
Production (which assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers) 3.
Renewable Production (which assures there's no dependence on scarce
resources) 4. Scalable Production (which assures that volume is not limited
by the production process) 5. Open Source Production (which assures that the
good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social and moral
rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.) 6. Non-Scarce
Qualities (which assures the absence of any scarce qualities that would
justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes to produce and
deliver the given good or service) *7. Non-Scarce Dependencies (which
assures that there are no dependencies in the cost-of-work-energy
calculation on any goods or services that do not meet the above conditions.)
Answer to both questions:
The logic behind 'All Work Is Created Equal' is based on the fact that all
goods and services covered by the model, i.e. those that meet the
aforementioned conditions of sustainable abundance, do not have any scarce
dependencies, such as an expensive (scarce) education in dentistry.
With schools like MIT and Stanford supporting the sustainable abundance of
education by open sourcing their course materials educating an engineer
becomes attainable at the cost in work energy it takes to produce and
deliver the course materials and virtual lab tools etc. That cost is the
only cost the engineer being educated has to pay for (in joule tokens) as
far as education (knowledge) itself. The cost in work energy it takes to
keep the engineer functioning and maintain living conditions, during the
time he or she is learning a given subject/trade/skill, is an investment
being made by them in their future, which the person has to recoup from all
goods and services they produce in the future.
There is also the cost in work energy it takes to keep the person
functioning and maintain living conditions, during the time the person is
producing and delivering a given good or service, and this cost in work
energy, as well as all other costs in work energy involved, would be based
on a relatively simple 'work energy' costing model that provides an average
or baseline cost.
And, finally, there is the cost in work energy it takes to produce a good or
service (ones that meet the aforementioned sustainable abundance conditions)
which can have dependencies (that also meet the aforementioned sustainable
abundance conditions.)
So we have three (4) main inputs to the cost of work energy it takes the
then-educated engineer to produce a chip design, which is carried forward as
an input into the cost of energy it takes to produce and deliver the chip.
So what we're looking at is a tree of costs (in work energy) for each given
good or service (for goods and services that meet aforementioned sustainable
abundance conditions,) where all dependencies (for a given good or service)
and the good or service itself must meet the aforementioned sustainable
abundance conditions. The dependencies have to fit the dependency template
for the given good or service, such that all the main inputs are identified
and the 'work energy' costing models for all those inputs are used, in the
cost estimation software (that's part of the P2P trading application,)
together with user-set parameters for the given production and delivery
processes (which are part of the overall 'work energy' costing model for the
given good or service,) to come up with the total cost in work energy for a
given good or service, which is then fed by each producer of the given good
or service into the Energy Cost Registry (and becomes valuable data for
improving production and delivery processes) and used to calculate the
median cost in work energy for producing and delivering that good or
service, which becomes the price for that good or service, update-able every
10 years or so as production efficiencies increase.
Since the volume of production affects the cost of energy for producing and
delivering a given good or service, the energy costing models used by the
estimation software (that is part of the P2P trading application) should
assume an average volume of production based on historical sales data from
all the producers of the given good or service, as reported by their
inventory management system. In other words, pricing (or costing) is based
on the median cost of energy for producing and delivering a given good or
service at the average volume of production for that good or service.
It's an important consideration for producers to make sure that the total
cost in work energy for producing and delivering a given good or service is
recoup-able in full based on the historical sales data the producer has for
the given good or service, as provided by their inventory system, so that
they don't suffer losses due to over production, especially since losses,
under this model, cannot be recouped from the market(e.g. by dumping excess
at lower-than-cost and killing off competition then raising prices to recoup
the loss.)
So producing a volume (of the given good or service) above predicted
short-term demand, as given by the producer's predictive inventory system,
is a risk the producer must take alone without punishing the consumer or
other producers, and they must do so by making sure that their total cost in
work energy for producing and delivering a given good or service is
recoup-able based on the historical sales data for the given product or
service, as reported by their personal inventory management system, which is
built into the P2P trading application used for trading.)
I hope this reply answers both questions. If there is still vagueness,
please continue with the questioning.
Given that the model development has been based heavily on my answering
questions, replying to arguments, assimilating others' insights, and
clarifying confusion I plan to have a Credits section on the wiki page where
I'll attribute all these contributions, not as an incentive (since people
with interest in the subject are naturally motivated to provide their
feedback) but as an organic FAQ.... so thanks again for these really
excellent question!
Re: discussion on "All Work Is Created Equal"
I've re-written the introductory sections to P2P Energy
Economyin response to the
latest feedback, and I can't see much wrong with it in
theory but the model itself is very new and experimental, i.e. probably not
realistic at this time, yet still useful as an exercise (with key learning
Whether the model is realistic or not is not determinable through static
judgment, especially as the model continues to evolve based on feedback, and
it's probably time to start build a simulation with actual human users, even
just using a spreadsheet model.
People are most welcome to take the ideas developed so far and remix them as
part of a more realistic model.
The principles of the experiment have been updated per the following:
*All Work Is Created Equal*
Technically speaking, in the P2P Energy Economy, tokens of the currency
(i.e. money) are created in proportion to the increase in the amount of
electric energy flow from nodes with energy surplus to nodes with energy
deficit, including households, charging stations, electric vehicle grid, and
neighboring communities, which is then converted by those nodes into new
work energy, which gives the tokens a real and absolute work value (in
joules) in spent energy, which enables its use in trading the goods and
services defined under this economy, at the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them.
To restate this in plain English, it suffice it to say that in the P2P
Energy Economy all work energy is equal because all work energy is measured
using the same absolute-value unit, i.e. the Joule, so a dentist's work
energy is not any more valuable than a teacher's work energy, while still
allowing those who work harder (produce more work energy) to get more back.
In other words, it values all work energy equally while allowing people to
work as hard and smart as they are capable of and get compensated
proportionately, with increased sales and/or increased profit through higher
production efficiencies.
The conditions of sustainable abundance, given below, must be met for all
goods and services to be traded under this model. These conditions, when
combined with the currency defined under this model, enable a complete
departure from today's scarcity enforcing economic model by allowing
everyone who wishes to get a given good or service to do so at the absolute
work value of the energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or
   1. On-demand production (which permits predictive inventory management so
producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and inefficiency
and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes shortages and
high prices, which is also unsustainable)
   2. Decentralized production (which assures there's no dependence on a few
   3. Renewable production (which assures there's no dependence on scarce
   4. Scalable production (which assures that volume is not limited by the
production process)
   5. Open source production and "share alike" licensing (which assures that
the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social and
moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)
When the above conditions are met, for any given good or service, that good
or service should be available to everyone who wishes to have at the cost of
energy it takes to produce and deliver it.
So if health care (as a service) was to meet the above conditions then a
visit to the dentist should not cost more than what it takes in energy to
render that service.
The hard problem here is figuring out the energy costing models for the
types of goods and services that fulfill the sustainable abundance criteria
given above.
We know how much it takes in energy (calories) per day to keep a 25 year old
human being functioning, and we can estimate the other costs of living in
terms of the work energy required to maintain living conditions. We also
know the energy use of various machines used in production. Assuming every
good and service meet the "renewable production" condition (i.e. producible
from renewable resources) then we can measure the energy it takes to produce
and deliver a given good or service, and using historical sales data, we can
adjust that eventually to be based on an average volume of production for
that good or service (instead of raw estimate) and then calculate the median
cost in energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or service per each
instance of that good or service.
It's not impossible, and when it's automated it via cost estimation software
(as part of the P2P trading application) it offers us the opportunity to
understand the real cost of production to ourselves and the environment.
When it comes rewarding those who work harder and smarter, the model full
supports that through two different paths:
1) Those who invest work energy in increasing the efficiency of their
production processes get to have a profit margin (because their good or
service costs less than the median cost in work energy to produce and make,
so they get to keep the difference.)
2) Those who invest work energy in improving an existing good or service get
to sell more of that good or service if they select the right improvements
(but also get to lose if they select the wrong improvements, so this second
path involves educated risk taking.)
*Work Only If You Love Your Work*
The result of trading in goods and services at the cost of work energy it
takes to produce and deliver them is that, unless one manages to produce and
deliver the good and service with less work energy than other producers of
the same good or service, producers will get back the same amount of work
energy in joule tokens as they put in. And since people can sell their own
produced energy, goods or services for joule tokens at the work value of
energy and at cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver those
goods and services, respectively, and use those joule tokens to get the
goods and services they need at the cost in work energy it takes to produce
and deliver those goods and services, they can go on living indefinitely
without the need to generate 'profits.'
Therefore, the thirst for artificial motivation in the form of profits (i.e.
greed) is out of the picture, which means that people will only do the work
(to produce and deliver a good or service) if and only if they love the
It also means that, since no one has to work unless they love their work, no
one will need -or have any incentive- to work for another person, which
means that most people will be both consumers as well as producers of goods
and services, or "prosumers.
*Things Cost Less Over Time*
Given continuous technological progress, work done today should take less
energy to do in the future.
While that's true for the current economy, the P2P Energy Economy channels
the profit motive (or greed) into achieving higher and higher efficiencies
in the use of energy (in producing and delivering products and services,)
since that is the only way profit can be achieved in the P2P Energy Economy,
so given the currency does not lose its work value in energy more and more
can be purchased with less and less currency.
*Good Things Come to Those Who Care*
In today's economy socially, environmentally and ecologically conscious
producers of goods and services are beginning to see increased sales, but
only in very limited niches and local markets.
In the P2P Energy Economy consumers identify, as part of each purchase of
goods or services, the required attributes (for the given good or service)
as well as their social, environmental and ecological values, which allows
them to find producers (of the given good or service) who support their
values. This means that money flows more in sync with society's values.
The More You Share, The More You Have*
In the P2P Energy Economy, in order for producers to grow their revenue they
have to share it with others.
The way it works is by rewarding producers who lend money to others (with no
interest) with bigger access to the market, such that the more they lend the
bigger their to the market.
*Increased Autonomy Through Increased Inter-Dependence*
In the current economy, reliance on one or few major players in each given
market has created an unsustainable system. When the top 2 or 3 investment
banks in each country failed the entire global financial industry collapsed,
which has caused the global economy to falter (search: global economic
meltdown 2008.)
In the P2P Energy Economy, increased autonomy is achieved by putting power
with the whole rather than with one or few major players.
The current economic meltdown (search: global economic meltdown 2008) is a
proof that we have reached or are reaching the limits of sustainability for
the current economic paradigm, and that 'peer production' (the production of
energy, goods and services by individuals as opposed to utilities and
factories,) will make the system dependent on the people as a whole, instead
of on one or few major players, which, as we can see, based on the current
paradigm, makes the people dependent on the system and renders them helpless
in times of instability, thus perpetuating and even deepening their
dependence on the system.
The key concept behind the P2P Energy Economy is that it replaces increased
dependence by the people on the system (i.e. on the major players) with
increased inter-dependence between equally empowered peers, which puts the
power with the whole and allows both the individual and the system to enjoy
true autonomy.
Monopolies are eliminated in the P2P Energy Economy due to the following
   1. All goods and services must meet the following criteria for
sustainable abundance:
       a. On-demand production (which permits predictive inventory
management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and
inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes
shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable)
       b. Decentralized production (which assures there's no dependence on a
few suppliers)
       c. Renewable production (which assures there's no dependence on
scarce resources)
       d. Scalable production (which assures that volume is not limited by
the production process)
       e. Open source production and "share alike" licensing (which assures
that the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social
and moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)
   2. Consumers are automatically and anonymously matched to producers based
on the required attributes for the given good or service and the affinity
between the consumer's and the producer's social, ecological and
environmental values.
More at: You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"Yi Tan List" group.
To post to this group, send email to Yi-Tan at googlegroups.com
To unsubscribe from this group, send email to
Yi-Tan+unsubscribe at googlegroups.com For more options, visit this group at

@_date: 2009-02-04 12:02:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Equal Pay for Equal Work Energy // was Hierarchies 
After much debate over the last two days with folks on the Post Scarcity
list (now we have two?) and others regarding the relationship between
scarcity (in access to money) and the idea of a hierarchy, I've concluded
that organizational hierarchies, which ration access to money, are
correlated to the conditions for scarcity, but they are not one of the
causes in and by themselves.
The actual issue is that work (as a service) if it was to meet the
sustainable abundance conditions should be priced at the total cost in work
energy it takes to produce and deliver it, i.e. anyone who wishes to have
some work done (by someone) should be able to pay for that work at the total
cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver it.
This, of course, can be debated till the cows come home, but he model I'm
working with allows work (as a service) to be priced at cost of work energy
it takes to produce and deliver it, so that is what I will experiment with
during simulation (with actual players) to see if it is realistic at all. If
it is then it means that hierarchies will no longer ration access to money,
which is a condition that is required for sustainable abundance, IMHO.
Here is the updated work (still in motion):
Equal Pay for Equal Work Energy
Technically speaking, in the P2P Energy Economy, tokens of the currency
(i.e. money) are created in proportion to the increase in the amount of
electric energy flow from nodes with energy surplus to nodes with energy
deficit, including households, charging stations, electric vehicle grid, and
neighboring communities, which is then converted by those nodes into new
work energy, which gives the tokens a real and absolute work value (in
joules) in spent energy, which enables its use in trading the goods and
services defined under this economy, at the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them.
To restate this in plain English, it suffice it to say that in the P2P
Energy Economy all work energy is equal because all work energy is measured
using the same absolute-value unit, i.e. the Joule, so a dentist's work
energy is not any more valuable than a teacher's work energy, while still
allowing those who work harder (produce more work energy) to get more back.
In other words, it values all work energy equally while allowing people to
work as hard and smart as they are capable of and get compensated
proportionately, with increased sales and/or increased profit through higher
production efficiencies.
In other words, in the P2P Energy Economy, work-as-a-service is priced at
the [median] cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver that
service, counting all inputs, e.g. education, experience, R&D, equipment,
etc in the cost-of-work-energy calculation.
In order to trade at cost of work energy in goods and services, including
work-as-a-service, the conditions of sustainable abundance, given below,
must be met for all goods and services to be traded under this model. These
conditions, when combined with the currency defined under this model, enable
a complete departure from today's scarcity enforcing economic model by
allowing everyone who wishes to get a given good or service to do so at the
absolute work value of the energy it takes to produce and deliver that good
or service (see: Trading at Cost with Joule Tokens.)
1. Non-Wasteful, On-demand Production (which permits predictive inventory
management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and
inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes
shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable) 2. Decentralized
Production (which assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers) 3.
Renewable Production (which assures there's no dependence on scarce
resources) 4. Scalable Production (which assures that volume is not limited
by the production process) 5. Open Source Production (which assures that the
good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social and moral
rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.) 6. Non-Scarce
Qualities (which assures the absence of any scarce qualities that would
justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes to produce and
deliver the given good or service) 7. Non-Scarce Dependencies (which assures
that there are no dependencies in the cost-of-work-energy calculation on any
goods or services that do not meet the above conditions.) 8. Equal Pay for
Equal Work Energy (which assures that all peers are empowered based on the
work energy they put in not on their place in the hierarchy.)
When the above conditions are met, for any given good or service, that good
or service should be available to everyone who wishes to have at the cost of
energy it takes to produce and deliver it.
So if health care (as a service) was to meet the above conditions then a
visit to the dentist should not cost more than what it takes in total work
energy to produce and deliver it. But in order for health care to meet the
sustainable abundance conditions one of the first things that has to happen
is automation, not just of IT but of medical procedures. For examples,
today, robots are used by surgeons to perform sensitive surgeries to remove
tumors with a much greater degree of accuracy than procedures performed by
hand. It is very possible to replace the surgeon altogether with robotic
surgeon technology that can visualize the tumor in 3D to the finest detail
and use a combination of focused radiation beam (or gamma ray laser) to
annihilate the tumor in place. It would take a few minutes and a relatively
small amount of electricity. The second step in the process of making this
type of surgery (as a service) sustainably abundant, the robot technology
has to be open sourced and copied at no charge by anyone wishing to
manufacture the robot, under a license where the originator only gets to
enforce social and moral rights, e.g. attribution, share-alike, etc.
So if everyone who wish to get a given good or service can do so at the cost
in work energy it takes to deliver that good or service then why not just
give everything and get everything for free? Why do we need a currency? The
answer is that a gift economy is less efficient than a barter economy which
is less efficient than a currency based economy.
The hard problem here is figuring out the energy costing models for the
types of goods and services that fulfill the sustainable abundance criteria
given above.
We can know how much it takes in energy (calories) per day to keep a 25 year
old human being functioning, and we can estimate the other costs of living
in terms of the work energy required to maintain living conditions. We can
also know the energy use of various processes used in producing and
delivering a given good or service. Assuming the given good or service meets
the above-mentioned criteria for sustainable abundance, i.e. no dependence
on scarcity economics, we can measure the energy it takes to produce and
deliver that good or service, and, using historical sales data, we can
adjust that eventually to be based on an average volume of production for
that good or service (instead of raw estimate) and then calculate the price
as the median cost in energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or
service, per each instance of that good or service.
Such calculation involves building realistic energy costing models (for the
various goods and services that meet the sustainable abundance criteria,)
and when it's automated it via cost estimation software (as part of the P2P
trading application) it offers us the opportunity to understand the real
cost of production to ourselves and the environment.
When it comes to rewarding those who work harder and smarter, the model
fully supports that through two different paths:
1) Those who invest work energy in increasing the efficiency of their
production processes get to have a profit margin (because their good or
service costs less than the median cost in work energy to produce and make,
so they get to keep the difference.) 2) Those who invest work energy in
improving an existing good or service get to sell more of that good or
service if they select the right improvements (but also get to lose if they
select the wrong improvements, so this second path involves educated risk
The logic behind 'All Work Is Created Equal' is based on the fact that all
goods and services covered by the model, i.e. those that meet the
aforementioned conditions of sustainable abundance, do not have any scarce
dependencies, such as an expensive (scarce) engineering degree.
With schools like MIT and Stanford supporting the sustainable abundance of
education by open sourcing their course materials educating an engineer
becomes attainable at the cost in work energy it takes to produce and
deliver the course materials and virtual lab tools etc. That cost is the
only cost the engineer being educated has to pay for (in joule tokens) as
far as education (knowledge) itself. The cost in work energy it takes to
keep the engineer functioning and maintain living conditions, during the
time he or she is learning a given subject/trade/skill, is an investment
being made by them in their future, which the person has to recoup from all
goods and services they produce in the future.
There is also the cost in work energy it takes to keep the person
functioning and maintain living conditions, during the time the person is
producing and delivering a given good or service, and this cost in work
energy, as well as all other costs in work energy involved, would be based
on a relatively simple 'work energy' costing model that provides an average
or baseline cost.
And, finally, there is the cost in work energy it takes to produce a good or
service (ones that meet the aforementioned sustainable abundance conditions)
which can have many other dependencies (that must also meet the
aforementioned sustainable abundance conditions.)
So we have four (4) main inputs so far to the cost of work energy it takes
the engineer to produce a given good or service, e.g. a chip design, which
is carried forward as an input into the cost of energy it takes to produce
and deliver the good or service.
What we're looking at is a tree of costs (in work energy) for each given
good or service (for goods and services that meet aforementioned sustainable
abundance conditions,) where all dependencies (for a given good or service)
and the good or service itself must meet the aforementioned sustainable
abundance conditions. The dependencies have to fit the dependency template
for the given good or service, such that all the main inputs are identified
and the 'work energy' costing models for all those inputs are used, in the
cost estimation software (that's part of the P2P trading application,)
together with user-set parameters for the given production and delivery
processes (which are part of the overall 'work energy' costing model for the
given good or service,) to come up with the total cost in work energy for a
given good or service, which is then fed by each producer of the given good
or service into the Energy Cost Registry (and becomes valuable data for
improving production and delivery processes) and used to calculate the
median cost in work energy for producing and delivering that good or
service, which becomes the price for that good or service, update-able every
10 years or so as production efficiencies increase.
Since the volume of production affects the cost of energy for producing and
delivering a given good or service, the energy costing models used by the
estimation software (that is part of the P2P trading application) should
assume an average volume of production based on historical sales data from
all the producers of the given good or service, as reported by their
inventory management system. In other words, pricing (or costing) is based
on the median cost of energy for producing and delivering a given good or
service at the average volume of production for that good or service.
It's an important consideration for producers to make sure that the total
cost in work energy for producing and delivering a given good or service is
recoup-able in full based on the historical sales data the producer has for
the given good or service, as provided by their inventory system, so that
they don't suffer losses due to over production, especially since losses,
under this model, cannot be recouped from the market(e.g. by dumping excess
at lower-than-cost and killing off competition then raising prices to recoup
the loss.)
Producing a volume (of the given good or service) above predicted short-term
demand, as given by the producer's predictive inventory system, is a risk
the producer must take alone without punishing the consumer or other
producers, and they must do so by making sure that their total cost in work
energy for producing and delivering a given good or service is recoup-able
based on the historical sales data for the given product or service, as
reported by their personal inventory management system, which is built into
the P2P trading application used for trading.)
Work Only If You Love Your Work
The result of trading in goods and services at the cost of work energy it
takes to produce and deliver them is that, unless one manages to produce and
deliver the good and service with less work energy than other producers of
the same good or service, producers will get back the same amount of work
energy in joule tokens as they put in. And since people can sell their own
produced energy, goods or services for joule tokens at the work value of
energy and at cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver those
goods and services, respectively, and use those joule tokens to get the
goods and services they need at the cost in work energy it takes to produce
and deliver those goods and services, they can go on living indefinitely
without the need to generate 'profits.'
Therefore, the thirst for artificial motivation in the form of profits (i.e.
greed) is out of the picture, which means that people will only do the work
(to produce and deliver a good or service) if and only if they love the
It also means that, since no one has to work unless they love their work, no
one will need -or have any incentive- to work for another person, which
means that most people will be both consumers as well as producers of goods
and services, or "prosumers.
Things Cost Less Over Time
Given continuous technological progress, work done today should take less
energy to do in the future.
While that's true for the current economy, the P2P Energy Economy channels
the profit motive (or greed) into achieving higher and higher efficiencies
in the use of energy (in producing and delivering products and services,)
since that is the only way profit can be achieved in the P2P Energy Economy,
so given the currency does not lose its work value in energy more and more
can be purchased with less and less currency.
Good Things Come to Those Who Care
In today's economy socially, environmentally and ecologically conscious
producers of goods and services are beginning to see increased sales, but
only in very limited niches and local markets.
In the P2P Energy Economy consumers identify, as part of each purchase of
goods or services, the required attributes (for the given good or service)
as well as their social, environmental and ecological values, which allows
them to find producers (of the given good or service) who support their
values. This means that money flows more in sync with society's values.
The More You Share, The More You Have
In the P2P Energy Economy, in order for producers to grow their revenue they
have to share it with others.
The way it works is by rewarding producers who lend money to others (with no
interest) with bigger access to the market, such that the more they lend the
bigger their to the market.
Increased Autonomy Through Increased Inter-Dependence
In the current economy, reliance on one or few major players in each given
market has created an unsustainable system. When the top 2 or 3 investment
banks in each country failed the entire global financial industry collapsed,
which has caused the global economy to falter (search: global economic
meltdown 2008.)
In the P2P Energy Economy, increased autonomy is achieved by putting power
with the whole rather than with one or few major players.
The current economic meltdown (search: global economic meltdown 2008) is a
proof that we have reached or are reaching the limits of sustainability for
the current economic paradigm, and that 'peer production' (the production of
energy, goods and services by individuals as opposed to utilities and
factories,) will make the system dependent on the people as a whole, instead
of on one or few major players, which, as we can see, based on the current
paradigm, makes the people dependent on the system and renders them helpless
in times of instability, thus perpetuating and even deepening their
dependence on the system.
The key concept behind the P2P Energy Economy is that it replaces increased
dependence by the people on the system (i.e. on the major players) with
increased inter-dependence between equally empowered peers, which puts the
power with the whole and allows both the individual and the system to enjoy
true autonomy.
Monopolies are eliminated in the P2P Energy Economy due to the following
1. All goods and services must meet the following criteria for sustainable
abundance: a. Non-Wasteful, On-demand Production (which permits predictive
inventory management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes
waste and inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce
which causes shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable)  b.
Decentralized Production (which assures there's no dependence on a few
suppliers)  c. Renewable Production (which assures there's no dependence on
scarce resources)  d. Scalable Production (which assures that volume is not
limited by the production process)  e. Open Source Production (which assures
that the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social
and moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)  f.
Non-Scarce Qualities (which assures the absence of any scarce qualities that
would justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes to produce
and deliver the given good or service)  g. Non-Scarce Dependencies (which
assures that there are no dependencies in the cost-of-work-energy
calculation on any goods or services that do not meet the above conditions.)
 h. Equal Pay for Equal Work Energy (which assures that all peers are
empowered based on the work energy they put in not on their place in the
hierarchy.)  2. Consumers are automatically and anonymously matched to
producers based on the required attributes for the given good or service and
the affinity between the consumer's and the producer's social, ecological
and environmental values.

@_date: 2009-02-04 13:53:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Equal Pay for Equal Work Energy // was 
Here's the final cut, in case anyone is interested in further discussion.
The P2P Energy Economy fuses the latest advances in SmartGrid technology,
P2P trading and lending, and P2P energy production (from renewables) into a
unique economic model, including a new kind of currency, designed to work
with the growing category of goods and services that can be produced on
sustainable, abundant basis.
The benefits of the P2P Energy Economy are summarized below:
1. Provide an energy based currency that has a fixed work value and a use
value that only increases over time (due to increased production
efficiencies for energy, goods and services.) 2. Enable trading in goods and
services, including work itself as a service, at the cost in work energy it
takes to produce and deliver them, such that anyone who wishes to get a
given good or service can get it at the cost in work energy it takes to
deliver that good or service. 3. Enable access to money based on the total
work energy the producer puts in and their creativity, not based on their
place in the hierarchy or their exclusive access to better education. 4.
Direct the flow of money into higher production efficiencies for energy,
goods and services. 5. Direct the flow of money towards socially,
ecologically and environmentally intelligent producers of goods and
services. 6. Enable a model of the economy where in order for peers to grow
their revenue they have to share it with others, i.e., "the more you share,
the more you have." 7. Enable increased autonomy through increased
inter-dependence between equally empowered peers as opposed to decreased
autonomy through increased dependence on few major players.
The following sections of the User Manual describe the above benefits in a
broader context.
Equal Pay for Equal Work Energy
The idea is to enable access to money based on the total work energy the
producer puts in and their creativity, not based on their place in the
hierarchy or their exclusive access to better education.
Technically speaking, in the P2P Energy Economy, tokens of the currency
(i.e. money) are created in proportion to the increase in the amount of
electric energy flow from nodes with energy surplus to nodes with energy
deficit, including households, charging stations, electric vehicle grid, and
neighboring communities, which is then converted by those nodes into new
work energy, which gives the tokens a real and absolute work value (in
joules) in spent energy, which enables its use in trading the goods and
services defined under this economy, at the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them.
To restate this in plain English, it suffice it to say that in the P2P
Energy Economy all work energy is equal because all work energy is measured
using the same absolute-value unit, i.e. the Joule, so a dentist's work
energy is not any more valuable than a teacher's work energy, while still
allowing those who work harder (produce more work energy) to get more back.
In other words, it values all work energy equally while allowing people to
work as hard and smart as they are capable of and get compensated
proportionately, with increased sales and/or increased profit through higher
production efficiencies.
In other words, in the P2P Energy Economy, work-as-a-service is priced at
the [median] cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver it,
counting all inputs, e.g. education, experience, R&D, equipment, etc in the
cost-of-work-energy calculation.
In order to trade at cost of work energy in goods and services, including
work-as-a-service, the conditions of sustainable abundance, given below,
must be satisfied. These conditions, when combined with the currency defined
under this model (see: Joule Tokens,) enable a radical departure from
today's scarcity enforcing economic model by allowing everyone who wishes to
get a given good or service to do so at the absolute work value of the
energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or service (see: Trading at
Cost with Joule Tokens.)
1. Non-Wasteful, On-demand Production (which permits predictive inventory
management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and
inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes
shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable) 2. Decentralized
Production (which assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers) 3.
Renewable Production (which assures there's no dependence on scarce
resources) 4. Scalable Production (which assures that volume is not limited
by the production process) 5. Open Source Production (which assures that the
good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social and moral
rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.) 6. Non-Scarce
Qualities (which assures the absence of any scarce qualities that would
justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes to produce and
deliver the given good or service) 7. Non-Scarce Dependencies (which assures
that there are no dependencies in the cost-of-work-energy calculation on any
goods or services that do not meet the above conditions.) 8. Equal Pay for
Equal Work Energy (which assures that all peers have access to money based
on the work energy they put in not based on their place in the hierarchy or
their access to education or the lack of it.) 9. Open Education (which
assures that all peers have access to education at the cost in work energy
it takes to produce and deliver that education.)
When the above conditions are met for a given industry the good or services
in that industry should be available to everyone who wishes to have them at
the cost of energy it takes to produce and deliver them.
So if health care (as an industry) was to meet the above conditions then a
visit to the dentist should not cost more than what it takes in total work
energy to produce and deliver it. But in order for health care to meet the
sustainable abundance conditions one of the first things that has to happen
is automation, not just of IT but of medical procedures. For examples,
today, robots are used by surgeons to perform sensitive surgeries to remove
tumors with a much greater degree of accuracy than procedures performed by
hand. It is very possible to replace the surgeon altogether with robotic
surgeon technology that can visualize the tumor in 3D to the finest detail
and use a combination of focused radiation beam (or gamma ray laser) to
annihilate the tumor in place. It would take a few minutes and a relatively
small amount of electricity. The second step in the process of making this
type of surgery (as a service) sustainably abundant, the robot technology
has to be open sourced and copied at no charge by anyone wishing to
manufacture the robot, under a license where the originator only gets to
enforce social and moral rights, e.g. attribution, share-alike, etc.
So if everyone who wish to get a given good or service can do so at the cost
in work energy it takes to deliver that good or service then why not just
give everything and get everything for free? Why do we need a currency? The
answer is that a gift economy is less efficient than a barter economy which
is less efficient than a currency based economy.
The hard problem here is figuring out the energy costing models for the
types of goods and services that fulfill the sustainable abundance criteria
given above.
We can know how much it takes in energy (calories) per day to keep a 25 year
old human being functioning, and we can estimate the other costs of living
in terms of the work energy required to maintain living conditions. We can
also know the energy use of various processes used in producing and
delivering a given good or service. Assuming the given good or service meets
the above-mentioned criteria for sustainable abundance, i.e. no dependence
on scarcity economics, we can measure the energy it takes to produce and
deliver that good or service, and, using historical sales data, we can
adjust that eventually to be based on an average volume of production for
that good or service (instead of raw estimate) and then calculate the price
as the median cost in energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or
service, per each instance of that good or service.
Such calculation involves building realistic energy costing models (for the
various goods and services that meet the sustainable abundance criteria,)
and when it's automated it via cost estimation software (as part of the P2P
trading application) it offers us the opportunity to understand the real
cost of production to ourselves and the environment.
When it comes to rewarding those who work harder and smarter, the model
fully supports that through two different paths:
1) Those who invest work energy in increasing the efficiency of their
production processes get to have a profit margin (because their good or
service costs less than the median cost in work energy to produce and make,
so they get to keep the difference.) 2) Those who invest work energy in
improving an existing good or service get to sell more of that good or
service if they select the right improvements (but also get to lose if they
select the wrong improvements, so this second path involves educated risk
The logic behind 'All Work Is Created Equal' is based on the fact that all
goods and services covered by the model, i.e. those that meet the
aforementioned conditions of sustainable abundance, do not have any scarce
dependencies, such as an expensive (scarce) engineering degree.
With schools like MIT and Stanford supporting the sustainable abundance of
education by open sourcing their course materials educating an engineer
becomes attainable at the cost in work energy it takes to produce and
deliver the course materials and virtual lab tools etc. That cost is the
only cost the engineer being educated has to pay for (in joule tokens) as
far as education (knowledge) itself. The cost in work energy it takes to
keep the engineer functioning and maintain living conditions, during the
time he or she is learning a given subject/trade/skill, is an investment
being made by them in their future, which the person has to recoup from all
goods and services they produce in the future.
There is also the cost in work energy it takes to keep the person
functioning and maintain living conditions, during the time the person is
producing and delivering a given good or service, and this cost in work
energy, as well as all other costs in work energy involved, would be based
on a relatively simple 'work energy' costing model that provides an average
or baseline cost.
And, finally, there is the cost in work energy it takes to produce a good or
service (ones that meet the aforementioned sustainable abundance conditions)
which can have many other dependencies (that must also meet the
aforementioned sustainable abundance conditions.)
So we have four (4) main inputs so far to the cost of work energy it takes
the engineer to produce a given good or service, e.g. a chip design, which
is carried forward as an input into the cost of energy it takes to produce
and deliver the good or service.
What we're looking at is a tree of costs (in work energy) for each given
good or service (for goods and services that meet aforementioned sustainable
abundance conditions,) where all dependencies (for a given good or service)
and the good or service itself must meet the aforementioned sustainable
abundance conditions. The dependencies have to fit the dependency template
for the given good or service, such that all the main inputs are identified
and the 'work energy' costing models for all those inputs are used, in the
cost estimation software (that's part of the P2P trading application,)
together with user-set parameters for the given production and delivery
processes (which are part of the overall 'work energy' costing model for the
given good or service,) to come up with the total cost in work energy for a
given good or service, which is then fed by each producer of the given good
or service into the Energy Cost Registry (and becomes valuable data for
improving production and delivery processes) and used to calculate the
median cost in work energy for producing and delivering that good or
service, which becomes the price for that good or service, update-able every
10 years or so as production efficiencies increase.
Since the volume of production affects the cost of energy for producing and
delivering a given good or service, the energy costing models used by the
estimation software (that is part of the P2P trading application) should
assume an average volume of production based on historical sales data from
all the producers of the given good or service, as reported by their
inventory management system. In other words, pricing (or costing) is based
on the median cost of energy for producing and delivering a given good or
service at the average volume of production for that good or service.
It's an important consideration for producers to make sure that the total
cost in work energy for producing and delivering a given good or service is
recoup-able in full based on the historical sales data the producer has for
the given good or service, as provided by their inventory system, so that
they don't suffer losses due to over production, especially since losses,
under this model, cannot be recouped from the market(e.g. by dumping excess
at lower-than-cost and killing off competition then raising prices to recoup
the loss.)
Producing a volume (of the given good or service) above predicted short-term
demand, as given by the producer's predictive inventory system, is a risk
the producer must take alone without punishing the consumer or other
producers, and they must do so by making sure that their total cost in work
energy for producing and delivering a given good or service is recoup-able
based on the historical sales data for the given product or service, as
reported by their personal inventory management system, which is built into
the P2P trading application used for trading.)
Work Only If You Love Your Work
The result of trading in goods and services at the cost of work energy it
takes to produce and deliver them is that, unless one manages to produce and
deliver the good and service with less work energy than other producers of
the same good or service, producers will get back the same amount of work
energy in joule tokens as they put in. And since people can sell their own
produced energy, goods or services for joule tokens at the work value of
energy and at cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver those
goods and services, respectively, and use those joule tokens to get the
goods and services they need at the cost in work energy it takes to produce
and deliver those goods and services, they can go on living indefinitely
without the need to generate 'profits.'
Therefore, the thirst for artificial motivation in the form of profits (i.e.
greed) is out of the picture, which means that people will only do the work
(to produce and deliver a good or service) if and only if they love the
It also means that, since no one has to work unless they love their work, no
one will need -or have any incentive- to work for another person, which
means that most people will be both consumers as well as producers of goods
and services, or "prosumers.
Things Cost Less Over Time
Given continuous technological progress, work done today should take less
energy to do in the future.
While that's true for the current economy, the P2P Energy Economy channels
the profit motive (or greed) into achieving higher and higher efficiencies
in the use of energy (in producing and delivering products and services,)
since that is the only way profit can be achieved in the P2P Energy Economy,
so given the currency does not lose its work value in energy more and more
can be purchased with less and less currency.
Good Things Come to Those Who Care
In today's economy socially, environmentally and ecologically conscious
producers of goods and services are beginning to see increased sales, but
only in very limited niches and local markets.
In the P2P Energy Economy consumers identify, as part of each purchase of
goods or services, the required attributes (for the given good or service)
as well as their social, environmental and ecological values, which allows
them to find producers (of the given good or service) who support their
values. This means that money flows more in sync with society's values.
The More You Share, The More You Have
In the P2P Energy Economy, in order for producers to grow their revenue they
have to share it with others.
The way it works is by rewarding producers who lend money to others (with no
interest) with bigger access to the market, such that the more they lend the
bigger their to the market.
Increased Autonomy Through Increased Inter-Dependence
In the current economy, reliance on one or few major players in each given
market has created an unsustainable system. When the top 2 or 3 investment
banks in each country failed the entire global financial industry collapsed,
which has caused the global economy to falter (search: global economic
meltdown 2008.)
In the P2P Energy Economy, increased autonomy is achieved by putting power
with the whole rather than with one or few major players.
The current economic meltdown (search: global economic meltdown 2008) is a
proof that we have reached or are reaching the limits of sustainability for
the current economic paradigm, and that 'peer production' (the production of
energy, goods and services by individuals as opposed to utilities and
factories,) will make the system dependent on the people as a whole, instead
of on one or few major players, which, as we can see, based on the current
paradigm, makes the people dependent on the system and renders them helpless
in times of instability, thus perpetuating and even deepening their
dependence on the system.
The key concept behind the P2P Energy Economy is that it replaces increased
dependence by the people on the system (i.e. on the major players) with
increased inter-dependence between equally empowered peers, which puts the
power with the whole and allows both the individual and the system to enjoy
true autonomy.
Monopolies are eliminated in the P2P Energy Economy due to the following
1. All industries must meet the following criteria for sustainable
abundance: a. Non-Wasteful, On-demand Production (which permits predictive
inventory management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes
waste and inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce
which causes shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable)  b.
Decentralized Production (which assures there's no dependence on a few
suppliers)  c. Renewable Production (which assures there's no dependence on
scarce resources)  d. Scalable Production (which assures that volume is not
limited by the production process)  e. Open Source Production (which assures
that the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social
and moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)  f.
Non-Scarce Qualities (which assures the absence of any scarce qualities that
would justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes to produce
and deliver the given good or service)  g. Non-Scarce Dependencies (which
assures that there are no dependencies in the cost-of-work-energy
calculation on any goods or services that do not meet the above conditions.)
 h. Equal Pay for Equal Work Energy (which assures that all peers have
access to money based on the work energy they put in not based on their
place in the hierarchy or their access to education or the lack of it.)  i.
Open Education (which assures that all peers have access to education at the
cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver that education.)  2.
Consumers are automatically and anonymously matched to producers based on
the required attributes for the given good or service and the affinity
between the consumer's and the producer's social, ecological and
environmental values. ~~
Model description: Thanks again for helping shape these ideas through debate.

@_date: 2009-02-04 17:02:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] member managed web service 
Patrick's views are congruent with the ideas I'm working with, so I think I
can pitch in to explain.
His user-as-owner model fixes a lot of things, at least in theory.
One issue it fixes that's hard to fix in any other "p2p" model (without the
introduction of some kind of peer law and peer government) is how to get
producers to be transparent and open source their entire production process,
not just the thing they're producing.
As far as 'control' goes, I personally think in terms of achieving
'autonomy' through increased interdependence, which is what user-as-owner
model does too by making production processes dependent on everyone's
support. The way I'm tackling the autonomy issue, however, given that the
model I'm working with is for the far future, is by arguing that 'Internet
infrastructure' as an industry should evolve to meet the conditions for
sustainable abundance, which it does not at this time.
The network-centric model puts control in the hands of those who have the
most capital to afford data centers, backbones, local access, peering hubs,
under sea cables, etc.  This creates dependence on a few players. The way I
understand it, is that Patrick's model would require ownership of the
infrastructure by the public, which can happen, of course, if enough people
demonstrate in the street demanding it.
In the model I'm working with, which does not change the ownership model in
itself but has its limitations in terms of what industries it applies to
(i.e. those that meet the sustainable abundance conditions [see P2P Energy
Economy] ) in order for the
Internet infrastructure as an industry to meet the conditions for
sustainable abundance we must move from the network centric model which is
extremely capital intensive to the P2P Internet model which replicates the
Internet over mesh architecture (which I don't believe anyone has
demonstrated on wide-scale basis [search: 802.11s and World Wide Mesh)
So, yeah, we really need to look beneath the surface and face the issue of
control in society.

@_date: 2009-02-04 19:33:29
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] member managed web service 
Yes, if the Web service is open sourced and decentralized then the service
itself is under no one's control.
And when it comes to XML data the Internet's network-centric infrastructure
does not factor in as far as control goes because no ISP is interested in
obstructing XML data transfer. But when it comes to whether or not the
Internet as a whole in its current networ-centric incarnation is sustainable
I would say not...
On Wed, Feb 4, 2009 at 5:09 PM, Matt Cooperrider

@_date: 2009-02-05 09:39:15
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] important personal update - The Asian Foresight 
Hi Michel,
Thank you for putting in so much energy and good judgment in bringing
thinkers and doers together in one multiverse of ideas, and encouraging
discourse and transformative thinking around those ideas.
I think very highly of what you have done and wish you the BEST going

@_date: 2009-02-06 11:48:31
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sustainable Abundance: Take 2 
Sustainable Abundance: debating the ideas from P2P Energy
Economyon how to get
there ...
Updated ideas:
After a great deal of debate, especially with respect to 'measuring the
value of work,' I have much more clarity now regarding the following ideas
that are related to the goal of achieving sustainable abundance:
1.  Fair Compensation (or the idea of valuing work at the median cost in
work energy it takes to produce and deliver it and how efficiency and
creativity can still be rewarded)
2. Why free is not sustainable (and why gift and barter economies are not as
efficient as currency based ones)
3. Why self sufficiency does not equal true autonomy
4. Why we need to investigate new economics
The updated sections below have benefited and will continue to benefit from
your critical feedback, with the goal of arriving at a fully workable model
for sustainable abundance (in energy, goods, and services,) which may be an
ambitious goal but one that is achievable for at least a certain growing
category of energy, goods and services.
Here is the updated set of arguments toward sustainable abundance:
The P2P Energy Economy fuses the latest advances in SmartGrid technology,
P2P trading and lending, and P2P energy production (from renewables) into an
abundance-sustaining economy, including a new kind of currency, designed to
work with the growing category of things that can be produced on abundant
The benefits of the P2P Energy Economy are summarized below:
1. Provide an energy based currency that has a fixed work value and a use
value that only increases over time. 2. Enable trading in goods and
services, including work itself, at the median cost in work energy it takes
to produce and deliver them. 3. Enable fair compensation for producers at
the median cost in work energy that goes into making and delivering their
good or service and based on their efficiency and creativity, not based on
their place in the hierarchy or their access to a scarce resource. 4. Direct
the flow of money into higher production efficiencies for energy, goods and
services. 5. Direct the flow of money towards socially, ecologically and
environmentally intelligent producers of goods and services. 6. Enable a
model of the economy where in order for peers to grow their revenue they
have to share it with others, i.e., "the more you share, the more you have."
7. Enable increased autonomy through increased inter-dependence between
equally empowered peers as opposed to decreased autonomy through increased
dependence on few major players. 8. Enable sustainable abundance in energy,
goods and services.
The following sections of the User Manual describe the above benefits in a
broader context.
Fair Compensation
In the P2P Energy Economy, producers are compensated at the median cost in
work energy that goes into making a given good or service, while enabling
producers who work more efficiently and producers who work more creatively
to get higher compensation.
Technically speaking, in the P2P Energy Economy, tokens of the currency
(i.e. money) are created in proportion to the increase in the amount of
electric energy flow from nodes with energy surplus to nodes with energy
deficit, including households, charging stations, electric vehicle grid, and
neighboring communities, which is then converted by those nodes into new
work energy, which gives the tokens a real and absolute work value (in
joules) in spent energy, which enables its use in trading the goods and
services defined under this economy, at the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them.
In order to trade in goods and services, including work-as-a-service, at the
median cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver the given good or
service, tthe conditions for sustainable abundance, given below, must be
1. Efficient, On-demand Production (which permits predictive inventory
management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and
inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes
shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable) 2. Decentralized
Production (which assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers) 3.
Renewable Production (which assures there's no dependence on scarce
resources) 4. Scalable Production (which assures that volume is not limited
by the production process) 5. Open Source Production (which assures that the
good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social and moral
rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.) 6. Non-Scarce
Qualities (which assures the absence of any scarce qualities that would
justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes to produce and
deliver the given good or service) 7. Non-Scarce Dependencies (which assures
that there are no dependencies in the cost-of-work-energy calculation on any
goods or services that do not meet the above conditions.) 8. Fair
Compensation (which assures that all producers are paid at the median cost
in work energy that goes into making and delivering their good or service
and based on their efficiency and creativity, not based on their place in
the hierarchy or their access to a scarce resource.) 9. Open Education
(which assures that all peers have access to education at the cost in work
energy it takes to produce and deliver that education.)
When the above conditions are met for a given industry the good or services
in that industry should be available to everyone who wishes to have them at
the cost of energy it takes to produce and deliver them.
So if health care (as an industry) was to meet the above conditions then a
visit to the dentist should not cost more than what it takes in total work
energy to produce and deliver it. But in order for health care to meet the
sustainable abundance conditions one of the first things that has to happen
is automation, not just of IT but of medical procedures. For examples,
today, robots are used by surgeons to perform sensitive surgeries to remove
tumors with a much greater degree of accuracy than procedures performed by
hand. It is very possible to replace the surgeon altogether with robotic
surgeon technology that can visualize the tumor in 3D to the finest detail
and use a combination of focused radiation beam (or gamma ray laser) to
annihilate the tumor in place. It would take a few minutes and a relatively
small amount of electricity. The second step in the process of making this
type of surgery (as a service) sustainably abundant, the robot technology
has to be open sourced and copied at no charge by anyone wishing to
manufacture the robot, under a license where the originator only gets to
enforce social and moral rights, e.g. attribution, share-alike, etc.
So in a world where everyone who wishes to get a given good or service can
do so at the cost in work energy it takes to deliver that good or service,
which is very low for most goods and services compared to today's prices,
then why not just give everything and get everything for free? Why do we
need a currency?
Getting and giving things for free (as in a gift economy) is unsustainable
because if a given good or service costs nothing then some people can demand
an infinite supply of it. For example, if gold was abundant and someone had
an insatiable appetite for gold then they may want to have an infinite
amount of it. There is no way "free" can lead to 'sustainable abundance.'
For example, when it comes to digital content, if too many people hog the
bandwidth, downloading terabytes of mp3s and software etc at a fixed $40 a
month cost (the ISP monthly fee) then the network will meltdown, and it
doesn't matter if it's a wireless mesh or the current internet.
In order to perpetuate the production of a given resource the energy that
goes into producing and delivering that resource should be recouped from
While we can have a fusion reactor powering our production we still need to
eat and we can't eat electricity so we need to be compensated for what we
produce either with other things, e.g. food, clothes, entertainment,
equipment, etc, or with currency, which is a more efficient exchange since
it's exchangeable for anything else.
The challenge when it comes to trading in goods and services at the cost in
work energy it takes to produce and deliver them is figuring out the energy
costing models for the types of goods and services that satisfy the
sustainable abundance conditions given above.
We can know how much it takes in energy (calories) per day to keep a 25 year
old human being functioning, and we can estimate the other costs of living
in terms of the work energy required to maintain living conditions. We can
also know the energy use of various processes used in producing and
delivering a given good or service. Assuming the given good or service meets
the above-mentioned conditions for sustainable abundance, i.e. no dependence
on scarcity economics, we can measure the energy it takes to produce and
deliver that good or service, and, using historical sales data, we can
adjust that eventually to be based on an average volume of production for
that good or service (instead of raw estimate) and then calculate the price
as the median cost in energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or
service, per each instance of that good or service.
Such calculation involves building realistic energy costing models (for the
various goods and services generated by industries that meet the sustainable
abundance conditions,) and when it's automated it via cost estimation
software (as part of the P2P trading application) it offers us the
opportunity to understand the real cost of production to ourselves and the
When it comes to rewarding those who work more efficiently and/or more
creatively, the model fully supports that through two different paths:
1) Those who invest work energy in increasing the efficiency of their
production processes get to have a profit margin (because their good or
service costs less than the median cost in work energy to produce and make,
so they get to keep the difference.) 2) Those who invest work energy in
improving an existing good or service get to sell more of that good or
service if they select the right improvements (but also get to lose if they
select the wrong improvements, so this second path involves educated risk
The logic behind 'Fair Access to Resources' is based on the fact that all
goods and services covered by the model, i.e. those that meet the
aforementioned conditions of sustainable abundance, do not have any scarce
dependencies, such as an expensive (scarce) engineering degree.
With schools like MIT and Stanford enabling the abundance of education by
open sourcing their course materials educating an engineer becomes
attainable at the cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver the
course materials and virtual lab tools etc. That cost is the only cost the
engineer being educated has to pay for (in joule tokens) as far as education
(knowledge) itself. The cost in work energy it takes to keep the engineer
functioning and maintain living conditions, during the time he or she is
learning a given subject/trade/skill, is an investment being made by them in
their future, which the person has to recoup from all goods and services
they produce in the future.
There is also the cost in work energy it takes to keep the person
functioning and maintain living conditions, during the time the person is
producing and delivering a given good or service, and this cost in work
energy, as well as all other costs in work energy involved, would be based
on a relatively simple 'work energy' costing model that provides an average
or baseline cost.
And, finally, there is the cost in work energy it takes to produce a good or
service (ones that meet the aforementioned conditions for sustainable
abundance) which can have many other dependencies (that must also meet the
aforementioned conditions for sustainable abundance.)
So we have four (4) main inputs so far to the cost of work energy it takes
the engineer to produce a given good or service, e.g. a chip design, which
is carried forward as an input into the cost of energy it takes to produce
and deliver the good or service.
What we're looking at is a tree of costs (in work energy) for each given
good or service (for goods and services that meet aforementioned conditions
for sustainable abundance,) where all dependencies (for a given good or
service) and the good or service itself must meet the aforementioned
conditions for sustainable abundance. The dependencies have to fit the
dependency template for the given good or service, such that all the main
inputs are identified and the 'work energy' costing models for all those
inputs are used, in the cost estimation software (that's part of the P2P
trading application,) together with user-set parameters for the given
production and delivery processes (which are part of the overall 'work
energy' costing model for the given good or service,) to come up with the
total cost in work energy for a given good or service, which is then fed by
each producer of the given good or service into the Energy Cost Registry
(and becomes valuable data for improving production and delivery processes)
and used to calculate the median cost in work energy for producing and
delivering that good or service, which becomes the price for that good or
service, update-able every 10 years or so as production efficiencies
Since the volume of production affects the cost of energy for producing and
delivering a given good or service, the energy costing models used by the
estimation software (that is part of the P2P trading application) should
assume an average volume of production based on historical sales data from
all the producers of the given good or service, as reported by their
inventory management system. In other words, pricing (or costing) is based
on the median cost of energy for producing and delivering a given good or
service at the average volume of production for that good or service.
It's an important consideration for producers to make sure that the total
cost in work energy for producing and delivering a given good or service is
recoup-able in full based on the historical sales data the producer has for
the given good or service, as provided by their inventory system, so that
they don't suffer losses due to over production, especially since losses,
under this model, cannot be recouped from the market(e.g. by dumping excess
at lower-than-cost and killing off competition then raising prices to recoup
the loss.)
Producing a volume (of the given good or service) above predicted short-term
demand, as given by the producer's predictive inventory system, is a risk
the producer must take alone without punishing the consumer or other
producers, and they must do so by making sure that their total cost in work
energy for producing and delivering a given good or service is recoup-able
based on the historical sales data for the given product or service, as
reported by their personal inventory management system, which is built into
the P2P trading application used for trading.)
Work Only If You Love Your Work
When trading in goods and services at the cost of work energy it takes to
produce and deliver them, using joule tokens, unless the producer manages to
produce and deliver the given good and service with less work energy than
other producers, they will get back the same amount of work energy in joule
tokens as they put in.
Since everyone in the P2P Energy Economy can sell their surplus electric
energy for joule tokens at the work value of energy and since everyone can
sell their goods and services at the median cost in work energy it takes to
produce and deliver those goods and services, and use the joule tokens they
get from the sale to buy the goods and services they need at the cost in
work energy (in joules) it takes to produce and deliver them, they can go on
living indefinitely without the need to generate 'profits.'
Therefore, the thirst for artificial motivation in the form of profits (i.e.
greed) is out of the picture, which means that people will only do the work
(to produce and deliver a good or service) if and only if they love the
It also means that, since no one has to work unless they love their work, no
one will need -or have any incentive- to work for another person, which
means that most people will be both consumers as well as producers of goods
and services, or "prosumers.
Things Cost Less Over Time
Given continuous technological progress, work done today should take less
energy to do in the future.
While that's true for the current economy, the P2P Energy Economy channels
the profit motive (or greed) into achieving higher and higher efficiencies
in the use of energy (in producing and delivering products and services,)
since that is the only way profit can be achieved in the P2P Energy Economy,
so given the currency does not lose its work value in energy more and more
can be purchased with less and less currency.
Good Things Come to Those Who Care
In today's economy socially, environmentally and ecologically conscious
producers of goods and services are beginning to see increased sales, but
only in very limited niches and local markets.
In the P2P Energy Economy consumers identify, as part of each purchase of
goods or services, the required attributes (for the given good or service)
as well as their social, environmental and ecological values, which allows
them to find producers (of the given good or service) who support their
values. This means that money flows more in sync with society's values.
The More You Share, The More You Have
In the P2P Energy Economy, in order for producers to grow their revenue they
have to share it with others.
The way it works is by rewarding producers who lend money to others (with no
interest) with bigger access to the market, such that the more they lend the
bigger their to the market.
Increased Autonomy Through Increased Inter-Dependence
In the current economy, reliance on one or few major players in each given
market has created an unsustainable system. When the top 2 or 3 investment
banks in each country failed the entire global financial industry collapsed,
which has caused the global economy to falter (search: global economic
meltdown 2008.)
In the P2P Energy Economy, increased autonomy is achieved by putting power
with the whole rather than with one or few major players.
The current economic meltdown (search: global economic meltdown 2008) is a
proof that we have reached or are reaching the limits of sustainability for
the current economic paradigm, and that 'peer production' (the production of
energy, goods and services by individuals as opposed to utilities and
factories,) will make the system dependent on the people as a whole, instead
of on one or few major players, which, as we can see, based on the current
paradigm, makes the people dependent on the system and renders them helpless
in times of instability, thus perpetuating and even deepening their
dependence on the system.
One of the key concepts behind the P2P Energy Economy is that it replaces
increased dependence by the users on the system (i.e. on the major players)
with increased inter-dependence between equally empowered peers, which puts
the power with the whole and allows both the users and the system to enjoy
true autonomy. A great example of increased autonomy through increased
inter-dependence is the Internet, where increased inter-dependence between
content producers, which manifests in the continuous production,
re-distribution and remixing of shared content by equally empowered
producers (e.g. bloggers, youtubers) has led to increased autonomy for the
medium as well as for the producers.
One of the key concepts behind the P2P Energy Economy is that it replaces an
increased dependence by the users on the system (i.e. on the major players)
with an increased inter-dependence between equally empowered peers, which
puts the power with the whole and allows both the users and the system to
enjoy true autonomy (or power.)
A great example of increased autonomy through increased inter-dependence is
the Internet, where increased inter-dependence between content producers,
which manifests in the continuous production, re-distribution and remixing
of shared content by equally empowered producers (e.g. bloggers, youtubers)
has led to increased autonomy for the medium as well as for the producers.
So if bloggers (in the above example) produced original copyrighted content
all the time and no one re-distributed or remixed anyone else' content, the
Internet (or Web) as a medium would not have had the autonomy that it has
today and the same goes for the bloggers, as they would be dependent on
major news outlets for their content instead of other bloggers.
When it comes to the misconceived notion that self-sufficiency leads to
autonomy, we can point to the fact that no amount of self-sufficiency can
compete with the autonomy achieved through increased inter-dependence.
For instance, in the case of North Korea, a fully self-sufficient country
that can make nukes from scratch, the fact is that despite having many
educated and capable scientists and engineers, a hard working population,
and many natural resources (including agricultural resources) they don't
have the autonomy (or power) to achieve the standards of living (including
nutrition) that would be theirs if they were engaged in the global economy.
Having said that, inter-dependence can easily turn into dependence when most
producers become redistributors and remixers and thus dependent on a few
original content producers. In order to assure that everyone is dependent on
everyone else, i.e. maximum inter-dependence, access to resources by each
producer needs to be based on their own work energy and creativity, which
means that there needs to be a way to trade resources at the cost in work
energy it takes to produce and deliver that resource, so in order for
someone to redistribute or remix another producer's goods or services they
need to pay for those goods or services in joule tokens at the same amount
in work energy it took to produce and deliver those goods or services, which
means that they have to produce their own goods and services (or produce
surplus energy) that they can trade with other producers at the cost in work
energy it takes to produce and deliver the given good or service, e.g. by
using joule tokens.
When it comes to monopolies, they are eliminated in the P2P Energy Economy
by the following conditions:
1. All industries must meet the following conditions for sustainable
abundance: a. Efficient, On-demand Production (which permits predictive
inventory management so producers don't have to over produce, which causes
waste and inefficiency and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce
which causes shortages and high prices, which is also unsustainable)  b.
Decentralized Production (which assures there's no dependence on a few
suppliers)  c. Renewable Production (which assures there's no dependence on
scarce resources)  d. Scalable Production (which assures that volume is not
limited by the production process)  e. Open Source Production (which assures
that the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social
and moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)  f.
Non-Scarce Qualities (which assures the absence of any scarce qualities that
would justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes to produce
and deliver the given good or service)  g. Non-Scarce Dependencies (which
assures that there are no dependencies in the cost-of-work-energy
calculation on any goods or services that do not meet the above conditions.)
 h. Fair Compensation (which assures that all producers are paid at the
median cost in work energy that goes into making and delivering their good
or service and based on their efficiency and creativity, not based on their
place in the hierarchy or their access to a scarce resource.)  i. Open
Education (which assures that all peers have access to education at the cost
in work energy it takes to produce and deliver that education.)  2.
Consumers are automatically and anonymously matched to producers based on
the required attributes for the given good or service and the affinity
between the consumer's and the producer's social, ecological and
environmental values. ~~
Rest of the model: p.s. now really going to work on something else to let these ideas simmer

@_date: 2009-02-08 19:15:26
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Two Biggest Dogmas 
Dear All,
In reply to various feedback points on why "free" is not sustainable and why
self-sufficiency does not lead to true autonomy, I've constructed a separate
updated section within the P2P Energy Economy model to address them in more
coherent manner.
This entire exercise is helping me tremendously to understand how to cope
with the existing economy by exposing the various games embedded within it
and allowing me to survive it while working toward an evolving set of ideas
that would ultimately modify it.
I hope you find it useful, too.
Here is the section concerning the two biggest dogmas in current social
The Two Biggest Dogmas
The two biggest dogmas present in current social theories are:
1. Generalized exchange of goods and services (aka "unconditional barter" or
"gift economy") where those who are naturally inclined to give more than
they take end up supporting those who are naturally inclined to take more
than they give, is a good way to run an economy. 2. Self-sufficiency leads
to autonomy.
These two dogmas are countered in the following two sections that address
fair compensation and increased autonomy.
To summarize the sections below, for the first dogma, the following counter
argument is given:
Getting and giving things for free unconditionally (as in a gift economy) is
unsustainable because of the following reasons: 1. If a given good or
service can be obtained for free then some people may want an infinite
supply of it. For example, if Internet bandwidth was abundant and free
someone had an insatiable appetite for digital content then they may want to
have an infinite amount of it, without compensating those who produce the
bandwidth for the cost of producing and delivering that bandwidth, which is
an unsustainable situation.  2. If there are more people who are inclined to
take more than they give then they will have an unfair allocation of the
available resources than people who are inclined to give more than they
take, which causes the latter population to suffer and ultimately shrink
leading to a dominant majority of people who are inclined to take more than
give, which is an unsustainable situation.
And for the second dogma, the following argument is given:
When it comes to the idea that self-sufficiency leads to autonomy, we can
point to the fact that no amount of self-sufficiency can compete with the
autonomy achieved through increased inter-dependence. For instance, in the
case of North Korea, a fully self-sufficient country that can make nukes
from scratch, the fact is that despite having many educated and capable
scientists and engineers, a hard working population, and many natural
resources (including agricultural resources) they don't have the autonomy
(or power) to achieve the standards of living (including nutrition) that
would be theirs if they were an part of a greater inter-dependent whole. So
if bloggers and youtubers did not produce their own content and did not
re-distribute or remixe content from other bloggers and youtubers, the
Internet (or Web) as a medium would not have had the autonomy that it has
today and the same goes for the bloggers and youtubers, as they would be
dependent on the few producers that existed before the Web was born, e.g. TV
stations, newspapers, etc. Having said that, inter-dependence can easily
turn into dependence when most producers become consumers, redistributors
and remixers of a few original producers. This can happen due to two
reasons: 1. The majority of producers consume far more than they produce.  2.
Certain producers have access to a scarce resource (e.g. insider news in
case of bloggers like TechCrunch and access to huge amounts of video content
in case of youtubers like CBS and other major TV channels) or a higher place
in some established hierarchy (e.g. Washington Post vs. Joe Blogger) use
this unfair advantage to buy out the most successful of the small producers
(Joe Blogger and Joe Youtuber) in order to reinforce others' dependency on
themselves.  The answer to both problems is to assure maximum
inter-dependence in the design of the system. The way the "maximum
inter-dependence" condition is assured in the P2P Energy Economy is by
having producers trade in goods and services based on the cost in work
energy it takes to produce and deliver the given good or service, so that in
order for someone to consume, redistribute or remix another producer's goods
or services they need to pay for those goods or services in joule tokens at
the same amount in work energy it took to produce and deliver those goods or
services, which means that they have to produce their own goods and services
(or produce surplus energy) that they can trade with other producers at the
cost in work energy it takes to produce and deliver the given good or
service, e.g. by using joule tokens. Another way the "maximum
inter-dependence" condition is assured in the P2P Energy Economy is by
eliminating monopolies. When it comes to monopolies, they are eliminated in
the P2P Energy Economy by the following conditions: 1. All industries must
meet the following conditions for sustainable abundance:  a. Efficient,
On-demand Production (which permits predictive inventory management so
producers don't have to over produce, which causes waste and inefficiency
and is therefore unsustainable, or under produce which causes shortages and
high prices, which is also unsustainable)  b. Decentralized, Inter-dependent
Production (which assures there's no dependence on a few suppliers)  c.
Renewable Production (which assures there's no dependence on scarce
resources)  d. Scalable Production (which assures that volume is not limited
by the production process)  e. Open Source Production (which assures that
the good or service can be produced by anyone, while enforcing social and
moral rights of the originator, not their right to a monopoly.)  f.
Non-Scarce Qualities (which assures the absence of any scarce qualities that
would justify paying more than the cost of work energy it takes to produce
and deliver the given good or service)  g. Non-Scarce Dependencies (which
assures that there are no dependencies in the cost-of-work-energy
calculation on any goods or services that do not meet the above conditions.)
 h. Fair Compensation (which assures that all producers are paid at the
median cost in work energy that goes into making and delivering their good
or service and based on their efficiency and creativity, not based on their
place in the hierarchy or their access to a scarce resource.)  i. Open
Education (which assures that all peers have access to education at the cost
in work energy it takes to produce and deliver that education.)  2.
Consumers are automatically and anonymously matched to producers based on
the required attributes for the given good or service, the producer's lender
credits (see: Lender and Borrower Credits) and the affinity between the
consumer's and the producer's social, ecological and environmental values.  3.
Producers are required to share their revenue through lending in order to
rank higher as sellers, which assures that in order for a given producer to
empower themselves they have to empower everyone. Full model available at:
Sorry if I can't answer all feedback. I've just started working on a mobile
software project that takes advantage of these ideas and so my bandwidth is
sort of limited.

@_date: 2009-02-11 10:51:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Commons and Long Tail = Sustainable Combination 
A quick note to share the latest thinking on "sustainable commons" which I
need to mention so as not to be dogmatic about it :-)
In any "sharing" system, if the amount of demand exceeds supply, i.e. if
there are more leechers than seeders or if certain leechers hog resources,
the system will eventually run aground.
That is why BitTorrent sharing sites enforce what is called a "sharing
ratio" so that people seed content as much as they leech content off others.
A ratio of 1 is good but a ratio of 1.5 (more giving than taking) is even
better. However, these systems come with punishment threats, so if a user
doesn't uphold the share ratio they get "kicked out" of the community. Not a
good way to run an economy. The share ratio here is besides the share ratio
forced by BitTorrent itself. It relates to sustaining the content rather
than the bandwidth, which is dealt with directly by forced sharing in
BitTorrent itself. When it comes to sharing content, however, BitTorrent
cannot force it so the community admins end up having to force it
algorithmically (if they run their own tracker, which most do) by monitoring
the size in Gb of content being seeded and leeched by each user and setting
a "kick out" threshold of 1.00, below which the user's account automatically
gets disabled or the user gets a warning etc. This is governance by threat
of punishment, which is not a good way to run anything.
When it comes to so-called free software, projects that have mass appeal
also have mass funding not only from the individual users but from
corporations who often employ the project leaders and let them dedicate a
large portion of their time to the project AND/OR provide direct financial
support to the project. This includes Firefox (backed heavily by Google in
several ways), GNU (backed by many big pocket donors... many highly paid
people at FSF) , Linux kernel and all massively adopted software.  This is
necessary because the demand on projects like Firefox, GNU and Linux kernel
exceeds the abilities of any user base to support with because when you have
millions or hundreds of millions of users and only a tiny fraction of them
contribute financially and you need a good deal of organization and a good
deal of funding to stay afloat as a project there is no way but to accept
donations and support from large corporations. So when Google funds Firefox
and major corporations fund GNU and Linux kernel with millions of dollars as
well as other incentives (like hiring the project leaders and letting them
work on those free projects) then how is that a generalized exchange? Google
got direct benefit from supporting Firefox by being the default search
engine and by having an alternative browser to compete against IE and by
giving them time to get their browser strategy together and learn in the
process. IBM reaps huge amount of benefit from basing so much of their
solutions on Linux (very few companies would opt to use IBM AIX *nix OS on a
commodity Intel platform) so the corporations are basically supporting these
projects for direct reciprocal benefit to themselves. If those donors were
to stop funding those free large-scale projects the projects would collapse
under the demands of a huge user base in the hundreds of millions. Same
thing with Wikipedia, huge amount of Wikipedia funding comes from IBM and
other big corporations, and the $6M they raise from the users is a drop in
the bucket compared to the infrastructure they get for free from big
corporate donors like IBM.
So the key question I have is can the commons model be sustainable when you
have major corporations funding the projects, without which the projects
would collapse? As far as what's been reported, only a tiny percentage of
Wikipedia users, or users of free software in general, donate and the bulk
of assistance comes from the major corporations. What if IBM goes bankrupt?
What if Google disappears? Who will replace their donations? The users
certainly won't suddenly start contributing 10X more than they do now. So
how can the commons in this case be sustainable?
The answer I'm leaning toward is that the commons have proven sustainable in
the context of the long tail model where there are a huge number of very
small/niche projects that have relatively small user bases. In this case,
the number of users per each such small project is sustainable by part-time
But once a project goes from 100 users to 10 million users there is no way
based on evidence from all such projects that mushroomed into popularity
that the user base will fund them sufficiently. There is always a need to
charge users, raise VC funds, or get major corporate donors.
So as far as placing the commons in the context of sustainability I see the
need to consider the size of the user base. For small user base, the commons
works. For very large user base, the commons becomes dependent on a few
major donors (corporations) and that is not exactly sustainable ...
Those are my views and will incorporate the above into the P2P Energy
Economy  under evolving The Two
Biggest Dogmassection,
once I've had a chance to read/process all and any feedback.

@_date: 2009-02-14 15:04:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Economy for Human Beings, Not Insects 
Latest addition to the P2P Energy Economy model
An Economy for Human Beings, Not Insects
Most insects are designed to be specialized.
Most humans are designed to be generalists.
But in today's economy, most humans are taught to behave exactly like
The economic and globalization theories in use today (which are based in
part on Adam Smith's antiquated treatise) encourage specialization.
They say let India be the IT provider and let the USA be the creative force.
This pattern of specialization is fractal in that it is reflected in each
part within such specialized economies, including the USA, where the
majority of organizations are highly matrixed containers (or bee hives) of
worker bees, with generalists competing for the one and only true generalist
position, that of the queen bee.
As to why there aren't more generalists in today's organizations, those who
happen to be generalists but are not "controlling" AND "manipulative" enough
to hold power over their own peers, find no place in the bee hive unless
they demonstrate a particular specialized skill, which turns them into
specialists, and while they may continue to think of themselves as
generalists, they are rewarded according to a specific set of goals, which
continuously moves them away from generalization and into greater degree of
Thus, the only true queen bees in today's economy are the self-governing
bees roaming freely on their own outside the bee hive, i.e. without a hive
of their own, but such self-governing peers are greatly disempowered by the
design of today's economy.
There is an ideological movement today that promotes the idea of one being
their own queen bee by being a self sufficient entity with no critical
dependencies. Yet, as argued in the previous section true autonomy can only
be achieved through increased inter-dependence between equally empowered
peers (see: Increased Autonomy Through Increased
 .)
Since every peer in the P2P Energy Economy is equally empowered as a
producer of energy, goods and service, and since the system promotes maximum
inter-dependence, everyone is guaranteed a level of security that is based
on their work energy, efficiency and creativity, so no one should need to
work _for_ someone else.
However, peers with energy surplus, goods or services needed for the
production of other goods or services by others may equitably exchange their
surplus energy, goods or services with peers who need them (to get the goods
and services they need for themselves and those they need for producing
their own goods and services,)
Since, when trading, peers are matched automatically and anonymously per the
buying peer's search criteria, selling peer's lender credits, and the
affinity in social, ecological and environmental values between the peers,
ad-hoc production hierarchies, with equally empowered members, are
constantly formed and dissolved.
Therefore, the P2P Energy Economy empowers every peer to be their own queen
bee by continuously breaking the hive structure and by promoting increased
inter-dependence between equally empowered peers.
Full model description:   Release
# 2.73.00
I apologize for my current inability to respond but I greatly appreciate and
will respond to all and any input when I get more bandwidth.

@_date: 2009-02-14 15:22:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Economy for Human Beings, Not Insects 
A little rewording never hurt anyone :-)
An Economy for Human Beings, Not Insects
Most insects are designed to be specialized.
Most humans are designed to be generalists.
But in today's economy, most humans are taught to behave exactly like
The economic and globalization theories in use today (which are based in
part on Adam Smith's antiquated treatise) encourage specialization.
They say let India be the IT provider and let the USA be the creative force.
This pattern of specialization is fractal in that it is reflected in each
part within such specialized economies, including the USA, where the
majority of organizations are highly matrixed containers (or bee hives) of
worker bees, with true generalists competing for the one and only true
generalist position, that of the queen bee.
As to why there aren't more true generalists in today's organizations, those
who happen to be true generalists but are not "controlling" AND
"manipulative" enough to hold power over their own peers, find no place in
the bee hive unless they demonstrate a particular specialized skill, which
turns them into specialists, and while they may continue to think of
themselves as generalists, they are rewarded according to a specific set of
goals, which continuously moves them away from generalization and into
greater degree of specialization.
Thus, the only truly autonomous (or free) bees in today's economy are the
self-governing bees roaming freely on their own outside the bee hive, i.e.
without a hive of their own, but such self-governing peers are greatly
disempowered by the design of today's economy.
There is an ideological movement today that promotes the idea of one being
their own queen bee by being a self sufficient entity with no critical
dependencies. Yet, as argued in the previous section true autonomy can only
be achieved through increased inter-dependence between equally empowered
peers (see: Increased Autonomy Through Increased Inter-Dependence.)
Since every peer in the P2P Energy Economy is equally empowered as a
producer of energy, goods and service, and since the system promotes maximum
inter-dependence, everyone is guaranteed a level of security that is based
on their work energy, efficiency and creativity, so no one should need to
work _for_ someone else.
However, peers with energy surplus, goods or services needed for the
production of other goods or services by others may equitably exchange their
surplus energy, goods or services with peers who need them (to get the goods
and services they need for themselves and those they need for producing
their own goods and services,)
Since, when trading, peers are matched automatically and anonymously per the
buying peer's search criteria, selling peer's lender credits, and the
affinity in social, ecological and environmental values between the peers,
ad-hoc production hierarchies, with equally empowered members, are
constantly formed and dissolved.
Therefore, the P2P Energy Economy empowers every peer to be their own queen
bee by continuously breaking the hive structure and by promoting increased
inter-dependence between equally empowered peers.

@_date: 2009-02-14 18:29:47
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Economy for Human Beings, Not Insects 
Final version (for this sprint) below:
An Economy for Human Beings, Not Insects
Most insects are designed to be specialized.
Most humans are designed to be generalists.
But in today's economy, most humans are taught to behave exactly like
The economic and globalization theories in use today (which are based in
part on Adam Smith's antiquated treatise) encourage specialization.
They say let India be the IT provider and let the USA be the creative force.
This pattern of specialization is fractal in that it is reflected in each
part within such specialized economies, including the USA, where the
majority of organizations are highly matrixed containers (or bee hives) of
worker bees, with generalists almost absent from the hierarchy, even at the
True generalists who are not "controlling" AND "manipulative" enough to hold
power over their own peers, find no place in the bee hive unless they
demonstrate the particular specialized skill that happens to be needed by
the hive, which basically turns them into specialists, and while they may
continue to think of themselves as generalists, they are rewarded according
to a specific set of goals, which continuously move them away from
generalization (i.e. specialization in many disciplines) into a confined
specialization (specialization in one discipline.)
There is an ideological movement today that promotes the idea of one being
their own queen bee by being a self sufficient entity with no critical
dependencies, i.e. a true generalist with expertise in all areas required
for survival. Yet, as argued in the previous section true autonomy can only
be achieved through increased inter-dependence between equally empowered
peers (see: Increased Autonomy Through Increased Inter-Dependence.)
Since every peer in the P2P Energy Economy is equally empowered as a
producer of energy, goods and service, and since the system promotes maximum
inter-dependence, everyone is guaranteed a level of security that is based
on their work energy, efficiency and creativity, so no one should need to
work _for_ someone else.
However, peers with energy surplus, goods or services needed for the
production of other goods or services by others may equitably exchange their
surplus energy, goods or services with peers who need them (to get the goods
and services they need for themselves and those they need for producing
their own goods and services,)
Since, when trading, peers are matched automatically and anonymously per the
buying peer's search criteria, selling peer's lender credits, and the
affinity in social, ecological and environmental values between the peers,
ad-hoc production hierarchies, with equally empowered members, are
constantly formed and dissolved.
Therefore, the P2P Energy Economy enables true autonomy for the individual
peer and for the whole economy by continuously breaking the hive structure
and by promoting increased inter-dependence between equally empowered peers,
where each peer is free to specialize (or vest themselves) in any number of
skills and the more skills a peer has the greater is their inter-dependency
network and the greater is their autonomy.
In other words, unlike today's economy, the P2P Energy Economy does not
'pigeon hole' individuals into slots (e.g., doctor, dentist, engineer,
scientist, teacher, farmer, poet, musician, etc.) from which they cannot
enable great transformations independently. It does the opposite by
encouraging each peer to have the widest range of specialization, and in
doing so it enables peers to reach their full human potential, as
generalists (or 'producers with specialization in many disciplines') who are
empowered to transform themselves and their environment as only true
generalists can.

@_date: 2009-02-15 21:30:58
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] an economy for open source content and open 
The design of the economy, which is a system of systems, is a lot more
subtle than the design of any individual system within it.
If the design of the economy makes sense then the systems within it can be
incorporated from other sources (e.g. Azureus is one example of open source
P2P content framework but it does not stream. Swarmstream is another but
it's closed source.)
I don't think evolution waits until it figures out how to perfect
If imperfect can do the job 99% of the time then that's good enough.
Nature's own SLA is never better than 99%

@_date: 2009-02-15 22:59:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance and scarcity in second life: market 
I read just the top half very quickly and something jumped at me.
Charging fractions of a cent for SL objects is a bit problematic although on
the right track at one level.
A cent is a unit of a scarcity-enforcing currency called the US dollar.
If you sift through the P2P Energy Economy model you will find portions
explaining the scarcity-enforcing mechanisms inherent in the existing
international currency. Does it mean that an object costs fractions of a
cent today but 1 cent tomorrow? What happens when the dollar sinks in value
or when in 10 years the dollar has less buying power (due to "inflation") ?
There are a lot of silly games embedded in the design and principles (or
lack of) underlying the current economy and the international currency.
Why use a currency with a relative value that goes up and down (but
generally goes down so you can buy less with it over time) when we're
dealing with mere electrical pulses stored on some metal pate (or bits)
....?  Why not come up with a currency that lets us measure the cost of
storing a single bit in absolute terms, based on the total work energy it
takes to record and then replicate and deliver each bit?
See this as an example model: I'll be adapting to work with open source content (goods) and open source
development (services)
Another thing: if the Second Life object in question is not open source or
if the license does not permit the person who purchases it from re-selling
it as is at cost then it's a scarcity creating license ,,, money should not
be used to create scarcity in goods and services .. it should be used to
enable an abundance.
I see a lot of flaws emanating from the use of traditional systems in
enabling abundance
Complete rethinking, starting with the nature of money itself (what it is
and what it;s supposed to do), is needed.
I tried to answer as many questions in that regard in my work so far, which
you can freely use for any purpose, especially for enabling the abundance of
arguments (about what money is and how it needs to work in order to enable
not curtail abundance)
As it is today, money is very scarcity enforcing
If I was Second Life, I would be looking at a new type of currency to start
with, one that has a fixed value in work energy

@_date: 2009-02-16 10:24:13
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance and scarcity in second life: market 
On Mon, Feb 16, 2009 at 9:56 AM, Martien van Steenbergen <
Awesome! that's exactly where I'm headed with the P2P Energy Economy.
I'm glad to know it's not just the voices in my head :-)
In a _simplified_ version of Energy Costing Model, we can assume that the
cost of acquiring the infrastructure (processing, routing and storage
hardware and transport links) is a sunk cost, i.e. outside the calculation,
the cost of upgrades and maintenance of the infrastructure, which includes
human energy, can be based on a universal constant (to be figured out,
numerically, from data analysis) and electrical energy to power all that is
directly measurable.
In the P2P Energy Economy model the trading happens at the median cost in
work energy, which is to say that most producers will trade AT cost but more
efficient ones will trade a little above cost and less efficient ones will
trade a little below cost (which would eventually kill the latter group of
inefficient producers unless they become as efficient as the majority of
producers or more efficient)
Creativity is rewarded when it hits the right spots in the market, but
that's another aspect outside of the context of what I mean to ask you:
Can you elaborate on "trading at cost except for decentralized growth" ?
On Mon, Feb 16, 2009 at 9:56 AM, Martien van Steenbergen <

@_date: 2009-02-16 11:42:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance and scarcity in second life: market 
To follow on my comment below re: "p2p energy costing model for digital
goods and services"
To be more accurate the electrical energy part of the p2p energy costing
model would be based on joules per "cpu hour" (for processing during
production process and during replication and delivery) as well as joules
per hour (for powering storage units [if separate from server] and for
routing [cable/dsl modems])
And to be more realistic when it comes to the cost of transporting bits, we
do not co-own the transport infrastructure (the big telecom corporations
do,) and we ,as p2p producers (i.e in a p2p setting, not like Second Life
which is a centralized server farm and has a different cost-of-transport
calculation), simply pay for the monthly ISP fee, e.g. $40, so need to
figure out the maximum amount of upstream and downstream data we can
send/receive per month (for that $40) and figure out the dollar cost per
each bit based on that then knowing what each dollar buys in electricity
today we can come up with a total estimate for electrical energy use for
transporting each bit of data from/to ourselves (remember there is a two-way
data flow happening with each send or receive because of how the internet
protocol works and it adds up). So with the transport cost figured out and
the cost in work energy for maintaining and upgrading the infrastructure
(which in a p2p setting is our personal PCs, Macs, Linux boxes, and our
houses i suppose which replace the data center) can be based on some
universal constant (numerically derived) and knowing the electrical energy
needed to power that infrastructure (per "cpu hour" for processing during
production process and during replication and delivery as well as per hour
for storage and routing) ... and of course there is the "man hour" to joules
calculation for producing the given digital good or service
consider this a brainstormed and rough version ... but i think it's quite
possible to measure total work energy for producing and delivering open
digital content ...
the difficult challenge is that digital goods and services are not as easily
standardized as physical ones... a tennis ball is a tennis ball.. but a
digital model of a building may cost 100 Giga joules or 1 Mega Joules to
produce depending on resolution of rendering and model size, so the
categorization of digital content (as good) and their production processes
(as services or factored into the cost of the goods) has to be much more
finer grain, e.g. based on number of polygons a second and size.. So that's
only for digital models of 3D objects.. how about all sorts of digital
content? It can be done but the development of costing models may take years
to nail down, but the benefit is that we'd end up with a way to account for
our own energy use and for energy use in general... For example, do we know
how much more CO2 is released into the atmosphere or how big is the
environmental impact for hundreds of millions of people watching porn? Not
to make out porn to be the bad guy, but we just don't know how energy is
spent in the "Internet" We don't even know how it's spent in the real world.
More importantly, to enable sustainable abundance in goods and services, be
them physical or digital we do need to to have equitable exchange between
peers, so everyone recoups the cost of their production, and so we encourage
more efficient use of energy (the positive profit motive.. the only profit
allowed under the model is one that leads to higher production efficiencies)
one key thing about energy as money is that it's not money anymore, i.e.
it's not a means to ownership but a means to production and delivery
This means that if I "pay" someone for what it cost them to "produce (and/or
replicate) and deliver" a digital good then I can "resell" that good at the
cost it takes me to "download, replicate and deliver" it .. money is no
longer a means to owning things.. it becomes a means for production and
I'll expand on these ideas later ...
Should be back to this thread in a few days

@_date: 2009-02-16 12:38:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance and scarcity in second life: market 
As the model moves from physical goods/services to digital goods/service,
money as energy becomes a means for enabling production and delivery, not a
means for enabling to ownership.  It can be argued that the model does not
apply to most physical goods (it only applies to those physical goods that
do not physically depreciate with time, e.g. diamonds?) So it is a natural
step forward to move the model into the digital realm so as to avoid
reinventing the world (the kind of calculations that take physical
depreciation into account would involve a great deal of statistical analysis
and the project would fail before it can prove itself, so its better to
start in the digital world where goods do not depreciate, i.e. a digital
model of a building will remain the same across time.. its just data)
So there is really no concept of "owner" once the model is moved to the
digital world.. In the current physical world version there is the concept
of "owning the use of some good" by paying for it and owning the ability to
resell it at cost (for goods that can be produced in abundance and that do
not physically depreciate over time) but it's not "ownership" as in having
right to prevent others from replicating it and reselling it at the median
cost in energy it takes to replicate and deliver. In other words, the model
was trying hard to break out of the physical world and while in that state
it had fuzzy lines around the definition of ownership. As it moves into the
digital world, there is zero ownership. The model will have to be adjusted
for that.
I have to correct a line in my previous response to this thread: a person
downloading some content produced and deliver by another person pays for
that content at median cost in work energy it takes to produce, replicate
and deliver it. That person can then resell that content at the same median
cost in work energy, so if they happen to have less costly way to replicate
and deliver it then they make a profit but so can the originator.
So again, money, becomes a means for enabling production and delivery, not a
means for enabling ownership.
When it comes to profits, the only type of profit that I found to be
abundance sustaining is profit that is due to increase in production
efficiency (relative to other producers of the same good or service)
Any other type of profit would create scarcity.
In an over simplified example based on the model, if every day I get 1
trillion joules from my solar generator and I spend 1 thousand joules per
day on average in maintaining and upgrading it, then every day I have 1
billion joules of renewable energy to make food with and produce goods and
services, i.e. grow, so why do I need to make a profit to grow? The sun is
my profit. Anyone and everyone can make a profit from the sun. Why make
profit from other people?
So again, the only type of profit that does not create scarcity, i.e. that
which is derived from higher production efficiencies relative to other
producers of the same good or service, is the only profit that one should.

@_date: 2009-02-16 17:44:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] == Currency Based on CPU and Man Hours (for Digital 
Digitally produced goods and services exist in a world of their own
that can be thought of as separate from our physical world in that
it's almost infinitely more efficient.
For example, building a house in Second Life takes dramatically less
in work energy than building a house in the physical world and the gap
makes the difference between abundance now and abundance in 200 years.
A house built in the physical world using a high degree of automation,
e.g. with robots and open architectural plans can be sold at the cost
of work energy it takes to build it (assuming it's made from renewable
materials and its production process meets the conditions for
sustainable abundance) but when will we have such high physical
production efficiency?
There is a lot that needs to happen in terms of dramatically
increasing production efficiencies for physical goods _before_ we need
an economy to sustain and enhance the abundance.
When it comes to digitally produced goods and services, we can start
with an example of why a new kind of economy and currency is needed.
If I can get 10 "cpu hours" a day from my PC, i.e. 10 X (1 gigaflops
processor running for 1 hour, as assessed by the Linpack benchmark
Rmax), and if it costs me less than 0.2 "man hour" a day on average to
maintain my PC (general PC maintenance) then I have 10 cpu hours and
e.g. 7.8 man hours a day (based on an 8 hour work day) to produce some
digital goods (e.g. open source music, open CAD designs, open Second
Life models, or open software etc) and if I invest in faster and/or
more efficient PC I will have more CPU hours and/or more man hours to
make more digital goods.
So given that I'm limited in my resources it's not sustainable for me
to give away the digital goods I produce or exchange them in
expectation of a potential return (in other digital goods) that may or
may not happen or that may happen only partially with a net loss to
myself.  If I don't get any return (in cpu hours or man hours or both)
I can not produce more digital goods, so my production will be limited
and that cannot lead to abundance.
I can sell both surplus cpu hours and surplus man hours I have in
return for cpu-hour tokens and man-hour tokens and I can also lend and
borrow both cpu-hour tokens and man-hour tokens. I can also invest
more man-hour tokens, i.e. hire someone with the tokens, or invest my
own man hours, and cpu-hour tokens, i.e. use someone else' machine (or
my own PC's cpu hours) to create more efficient production processes
for my digitally produced goods and services so that I get back more
than I put in when exchanging those digitally produced goods and
services for cpu hour tokens and man hour tokens. That's the only
profit that can be made and it drives the whole economy toward higher
and higher efficiency, i.e. otherwise, i get back roughly the same as
I put in in cpu hours and man hours.
This model synopsis below is far less ambitious but far more effective
than the P2P Energy Economy that I've been working on. While it taught
me a lot as far as the principles of a sustainable economy, the P2P
Energy Economy, in attempting to apply itself to the physical world
outside of the computer, was aiming at a future when we have physical
abundance in essential resources.
For now, it seems that the only abundance we have is in computational
power and our own creative energy.
A lot of the ideas from the P2P Energy Economy are directly applicable
and will be reused but the model will become far less complex as it
changes trajectories from aiming to reinvent the world decades or
centuries ahead of the world naturally getting there (see prior
comment on the current "efficiency gap" between the digital world and
the physical world) to aiming at fixing the inequitable exchange model
for digitally produced goods and services.
One key difference between this model and the P2P Energy Economy
(besides the absence of smartgrid) is the existence of two currencies:
the cpu-hour token and the man-hour token. Like machine money and
human money.
Neither type of currency is meant to enable ownership. Both are meant
to enable production, not ownership.
So, I'll take the P2P Energy Model apart and compress it/remold it
into this new model that can be applied today to give us a sustainable
abundance economy in digitally produced goods and services.

@_date: 2009-02-16 22:33:17
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] == Currency Based on CPU and Man Hours (for 
In replying to why a currency is needed
We need to recoup the cost of production in order to produce more.
In order to recoup, some one needs to give us something back and that
something should allow us to produce more, so if it's "man
hours" that we need to recoup we'd get "man hour" tokens back (so we
can trade them for man hours, i.e. work, from a producer who has a
surplus of man hours, i.e. a lot of free time) and if it's "cpu hours"
we need to recoup then we'd get back "cpu hour" tokens and we can pay
them to someone with "cpu hour" surplus (a server that's not fully
utilized) to use their machine as part of our production (over P2P)
Money paid for digital goods and services does not lead to ownership.
It simply enables further production.
The way the tokens are created and managed is the same way as in the
P2P Energy Economy, i.e. based on increase in the flow of "cpu hour"
and "man hour" from peers with surplus to peers with deficit. No
change in the algorithm or how money is created but now you have two
types of tokens, one for paying back humans so they can recoup and
produce more (by hiring other humans with surplus man hours) and one
for paying back machines so they can produce more (by utilizing other
machines with surplus cpu hours)
My intent is to build P2P trading software to enable sustainable
abundance in digitally produced goods and services (open software,
open music, open CAD models, open SL models, open Spice models, open
Matlab models)
So to summarize, you need to recoup the cost of production in man
hours and cpu hours so you can produce more. Trading with "Cpu hours"
and "man hours" as currency  let's you do that for digitally produced
goods and services such that producers don't need a Donate button and
Big Corporate sponsors.
The joule token scheme in P2P Energy Model, while being much more
universal, is a climb up a very steep hill, in that it's hard for
people to imagine measuring human work in joules or measuring
computational work in joules, and while both are very possible the
complexity of the model needed to enable universal energy token for
all types of work is far bigger than the complexity (or lack of) when
using specialized currencies such as the "man hour" token and the "cpu
hour" token for human and computer work, respectively, and not just
any kind of machine work.
The "cpu hour" currency has the same characteristics as the joule
token: fixed work value and increasing use value over time, which
promotes a trend toward higher computational efficiencies over time,
i.e abundance in compute power.
The "man hour" currency is based on a loose standard (e.g. in the
software industry) where people generally know how many man hours a
given development task will take. It's been called "mythical" because
software project estimation is normally done for staged development
processes where the plan goes to hell the minute programmers run into
unexpected issues. Estimation based on SCRUM style sprints tends to be
more accurate. But in any case, the "man hour" as currency allows
price variability based on estimation of time it take the average
developer to accomplish some task, not based on demand and supply. If
the supply is large then the man hour estimate will not go down. If
the supply is limited the man hour estimate will not go up. Thus, in
the latter case, it does not enforce scarcity.  And it promotes
abundance in human productivity by allowing the flow of work capacity
from people with surplus to people with deficit.
I hope to produce this new "dual currency" model for digitally
produced goods and services fairly soon and then a P2P app for trading
"cpu hour" and "man hour" can be built based on that, or at least the
spec for it can be developed.
Need to attend to my other project, but will check back here as often as I can.
hope this is helpful

@_date: 2009-02-17 11:19:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: == Currency Based on 
Reply re: "Flexible universal currency" vs "specialized currency"
Abundance sustaining universal currency like the joule tokens can
exist (see P2P Energy Economy) but the Joule Token as a currency,
which is a universal currency for goods and services that meet the
conditions for sustainable abundance (i.e. universal in context of
abundance sustaining currencies) exist only as long as common everyday
goods and services meet the conditions of sustainable abundance, which
they don't at this time.
Today, the only "common everyday resources" that a meaningful economy
can be based on and that meet the conditions of sustainable abundance
is human energy (and more exactly creative energy is what we see an
abundance of) and machine-computational energy (which I believe
continue to double at the single node level every 18 months)
So then if nothing else meets the conditions of abundance why the
overhead of designing a universal abundance-sustaining currency? Why
not start from the special case and then generalize. If you want to
debate this last point, I suggest we debate mathematical induction.
So while mathematical induction as defined commonly (the weak case)
may be an over simplified analogy it is basically the same exactly
logical process.
Joule tokens, which is a case of trying to derive the
generalized/universal solution through direct axiomatic deduction was
leading down a path of increasing complexity. I figured the whole
approach to arriving at a universal abundance-sustaining currency
should be rethought and so I'm starting out now from the special case.
What "cpu hour" tokens and "man hour" tokens enable is the equitable
trading in human and machine work energy such that we can have a
sustainable abundance in digitally produced goods and services (like
open software, open CAD models, open Spice models, open Matlab models,
open music, etc, anything that is both open [since openness is part of
the conditions for sustaining abundance] and is produced by people on
a computer)
Today, most if not all popular open software is highly and critically
dependent on major corporate donors, which is not sustainable. Think
Firefox, Linux, KDE, Gnome, etc. All are funded by major corporations
directly or indirectly (e.g. by employing lead developers, funding
startup ventures involving those lead developers, or directly funding
them as Google has done with Firefox)  This is not "sustainable" since
if the economy melts down (as it has but to worse degree) and those
corporations cease to exist then who will fund those projects that
each have hundreds of millions of users? The users of course, but only
a tiny portion of users fund those projects today. So then we need an
abundance sustaining p2p economy that allows the equitable exchange of
man hours and cpu hours between equally empowered peer producers to
enable true sustainable abundance.

@_date: 2009-02-17 12:21:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Abundance] Re: [Open Manufacturing] Re: == 
I think the question of "why do we need to back money with anything"
is very important question (although it's not applicable to the kind
of money creation I have developed) The question keeps popping up so I
need to address the response to all those on the relevant lists, so I
don't have to re-answer it on all lists.
I'm looking at the economy as a programmer working with a model made
up of several algorithms, running at various times, concurrently, for
each participant, and in this view of the economy complexity at the
level of the whole economy arises from a starting set of basic rules.
If I said "let there be money" and waved a magic wound and let the
resulting system run then I would have lost the ability to model the
system's behavior, deductively and would have the kind of system that
can only be modeled numerically, which isn't bad for the whole
economy, if the constraints on money creation assure long term
stability, but I couldn't then guarantee each given participant that
if they follow the rules of the game that they would do well. I have a
problem with that.
In other words, unless I link money creation to higher productivity, I
would not be able to predict deductively what an increase in money
supply would do, i.e. what is the money being linked to?  In the case
of the joule tokens and the "cpu hour" and "man hour" tokens, money
(tokens) is created based on the increase (delta) in the flow of man
hours and cpu hours (two different tokens) from peers with surplus to
peers with deficit (which represents a definite future increase in
productivity as those surplus man and cpu hours are spent rather than
being idle), so this linkage allows me to deductively predict the
outcome of new money. I would not be able to deduce  what new money
would do to productivity if it's not linked directly to it.
The money is not "backed" by energy (or in this new model human and
computer energy).. It's "linked" to productivity.
So the right word is "linked to" not "backed by."
On Tue, Feb 17, 2009 at 11:32 AM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2009-02-17 16:05:37
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Abundance] Re: The End of Work or the 
There is virtually no need for an "at cost" provision. I'm not saying it
shouldn't be in there, but I'm just saying that it is rather
irrelevant. The code will be provided for virtually nothing 99.99
percent of the time to 99.99 percent of the people. It would be as
irrelevant as a price floor of one dollar for houses.
I would add that the code in itself is worth as much as air.
With that said, I think this is very relevant to a model I'm evolving
for trading in "man hours" and "cpu hours" for open content (e.g. open
software) and open content production (e.g. open software
There are two things in software (as open content) and software
development (as open content production) that need to be traded
without throttling by artificial "price" which is what Patrick is
getting at, IMO.
In the model I'm evolving (please see discussion tab of wiki page for
P2P Energy Economy), those two things are the "man hour" cost in human
energy (for producing the software) and the "cpu hour" cost in
computational energy (for running and replicating the software)
[start of somewhat irrelevant section]
The "cpu hour" cost for running the software or
replicating/downloading it is relatively very low. In case of
replicating/downloading via P2P the bandwidth is some fixed sunk cost,
e.g. $40/mo, which, for the sake of simplicity, does not factor into
the replication/downloading cost. This way, anyone using my machine
for x cpu hours to download some software will let me use theirs too
for x cpu hours at any time in the future and for whatever
cpu-consuming purpose, e.g. running some web service. That's much
better than the bandwidth-exchange model in BitTorrent which will be
used too but does not factor in the 'cpu hour' exchange which is of
more interest since 'cpu hours' are usable at any time and for any
purpose (so they work more like a currency)
[end of somewhat irrelevant section]
If developer spends a total of 2,000 man hours building the software
and recoups those 200 man hours, in virtual "man hour" tokens, from
the users (assuming the users are other developers) he can then have
2,000 man hours (of other developers' time) to apply to his software,
to enhance it. If he doesn't recoup the 2,000 man hours he spent his
productivity is not likely to grow (or if it does then it's at the
cost of something else unless he is funded and the funding grows as he
makes progress, which is how it works in the commercial and free
software business), i.e. he'll have the same  2,000 man hours to put
in, so his productivity stays constant. But if he does recoup the
2,000 man hours as "man hour tokens" then he can trade the tokens in
return for 2,000 man hours of other developers' time (again, assuming
the users or participant in such economy are also developers) and puts
in another 2,000 man hours of his time, so now he has 4,000 man hours
invested in the project, which he can recoup (in "man hour" tokens)
and then trade for other developers' time while again putting 2,000
man hours of his own time, so now he has 6,000 man hours invested in
the project, which he can recoup (in "man hour" tokens) and trade for
other developers' time while again putting 2,000 man hours of his own
time, so now he has 8,000 man hours invested in the project, and so
In other words, by recouping my man hours in "man hour" tokens" and
trading them for other developers' time, I can continuously grow my
software project, faster than just giving it away for free, without
major corporate donors.
I have figured out how to create the "man hour" and "cpu hour" tokens
such that they are linked to (or are the result of) higher
productivity not just created with a magic wand. More specifically,
they are created based on the increase in the flow of man hours and
cpu hours from peers with surplus to peers with deficit. This way,
they represent spent human and computer energy so money becomes equal
to work, or an enabler of production, not an enabler of scarcity or
ownership, which are two sides of the same exact coin based on the way
I see it.
When it comes to "billing" for open software (as downloaded content or
as P2P-based SaaS) "cpu hour" billing is easy because it relates to
use of a cpu which is measurable based on cpu spec. When it comes to
billing for open software development, "man hour" biling requires
consensus between the developer and their peers (other users of the
economy, who are also developers) on how many "man hours" a given task
should take, ideally speaking and on average.  Obviously, anyone not
using the P2P trading app can go and download the software from some
external torrent, to circumvent having to pay the ridiculously low
cost in 'cpu hours' and 'man hours' (which is divided by the number of
_all_ users in the economy)

@_date: 2009-02-18 00:47:32
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
The part about the world running out of Indium and Gallium smells
funny to me, based on the following:
1. ITO (Indium Tin Oxide) is the transparent conductor used in LCD
displays, on this very Mac I'm using and billions of other laptops in
current and former use.  See:
2. Gallium Arsenide is used in most IR and near-IR laser diodes (since
the 60s) and all blue laser diodes use Gallium Nitride. These lasers
are used in all CD and DVD players today, billions of them. However,
the amount of Gallium used in each diode is microscopic compared to
the amount of indium used in LCD displays. But to say that we will not
have blue/IR lasers because we're running out of Gallium is a little
bit funny.
3. Gallium Arsenide is used in most very high frequency FETs (field
effect transistors) which are in wide spread use in
I hardly have any credentials in the solar or semiconductor space
(besides helping students at Northeastern U. design a solar racer) but
had worked with lasers and flat panel display tech at the R&D stage
back in the early 90s when making a blue laser entailed IR beam
doubling via birefringent nonlinear crystals (a $100,000 setup at
least)  and we used ITO in fabricating flexible displays and
architectural lighting.
So one German scientist said we're running out of Indium and/or
Gallium.... What does it mean to base a conclusion on what one
scientist's statements?
On Tue, Feb 17, 2009 at 11:38 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-02-18 18:49:14
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Wikiversity is a profoundly important effort, so I hope it gets all
the funding and support it needs to take off but more importantly I
hope it does not end up being like Wikipedia

@_date: 2009-02-18 21:38:31
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stadial growth 
Have you considered applying it to a narrow specialized case (that has
wide applicability, e.g. co-ownership of software and co-production) ?
2009/2/18 Patrick Anderson :

@_date: 2009-02-18 23:27:36
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
The counter argument is that if something is in wide use and hundreds
of billions of dollars in trade depend on it then there will be more
than enough money dedicated to making sure that every bit of it is
extracted and at the same time finding alternatives that can be used
to provide the same function.
If hundreds of billions of dollars a year depend on some resource,
e.g. oil, then A) researchers will find ways to extract the last bit
of oil and B) researchers will find alternative to oil that delivers
the same function, i.e. energy, be it solar or wind or whatever.
It is funny to suggest that hundreds of billions of dollars in annual
trade that is based on Gallium, Indium or any substance is going to go
away just because that substance may be hard to extract or less
The amount of money involved means that there is large funds available
to R&D institutions (corporate and academic) to pursue more efficient
production of Gallium and Indium as well as to find replacement.
Thus, the argument that the sky will fall down is rather silly.

@_date: 2009-02-19 01:02:03
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
If consumption is lowered due to a bad economy then there is more
gallium and indium left untapped, so more time to find an alternative.
When you don't do the math as part of the thought process, then you
end up getting frustrated, so I suggest you do the math before
presenting an argument so you cut down on bandwidth usage, as you have
So what is the time and scale problem? Do you care to explain it in
your own words so I can understand your reasoning?  I find it
disempowering to you to present no original argument in the stream of
the debate.  I encourage you to formulate your own well reasoned
arguments rather than quoting others' work, or if you do quote then at
least add some value by questioning them, not taking their word for
granted, and not waiting until someone else adds value to their
argument. You're not a cog in a wheel only given the freedom to quote
others. You can think, too.
So I'll be waiting for your own original argument or for an expanded
view of the 'scale and time' argument. I want to see you add value
somewhere with original thought before I'd engage in further debate.

@_date: 2009-02-19 01:14:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
Dear Michel,
We know that oil is running out. But the oil companies are funding
fusion research and all types of other alternatives, including solar.
So "energy sources" will not run out. Oil will run out. The sun won't
run out, not any time soon.
My point is that it's funny to say that the solar industry is screwed
because it relies on rare substance. If there is money to be made
there will be a variety of alternatives.
My argument is based on not having seen an industry that is hundreds
of billions of dollars worth a year that died because of the lack of
some resources.
It's not based on some deductive logic. It's based on observation.
Maybe some industry WILL run out of resources but if you go by the
subjective probability that probability is very low right now until
such thing happens. if it has happened then I'd benefit from being
told about it and we can debate if that industry died or had
transformed. I just haven't seen any mega industry DIE due to
depletion of some resource. When one resource is depleted another kind
of alternative resource is found. If this is a cycle that has an end,
I have not seen the end. It reminds me of people on Columbus' ship
fearing they will fall off the end of the world.
On Thu, Feb 19, 2009 at 12:53 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-02-19 01:27:40
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
By the way, Organic LED displays do not need to use Indium.
That's one example of an industry (flat panel display industry)
continuing to march on and transform beyond the depletion of some
resource (e.g. gallium)
The solution (organic LEDs) was being researched as far back as the early 90s.
Same with solar cells, if Indium and Gallium are indeed running out
then alternatives will be found.
This is based on not having seen any mega industry fail to transform
itself beyond the depletion of a given scarce resource.
And transformation of an industry (or rather "evolution") can happen
without having the pressure of a scarce resource. For example, horse
carriage industry transformed or evolved into the car industry not
because horses were scarce but because something better came along.
If something better than solar cells comes along then the energy
industry will evolve as driven by that new invention.
The cycle of invention does not end.
So why say the end is near (for anything) before the curtain comes
down? or before the play even starts?
That's my point. We saying that solar is screwed because gallium is
running out is a little funny... at least based on seeing how people
have invented themselves out of some many crisis and shortages before.
i.e. the optimist view

@_date: 2009-02-19 01:31:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
Tere meant to reply to all, so here it is.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Dear all,
in my mind the crucial issue is not the absolute availability of
scarce resources but the large-scale EROEI (energy return on energy
investment) of a given mode of energy production. The problem is that
oil has a wonderful EROEI (see attached picture), while all other
forms of large-scale energy production fall a lot lower (see also the
discussion in:  So the question
becomes how much energy (infra, work, raw materials, etc.) does it
take to produce the amount of alternative energy that would equal the
amount of energy we get from oil. Unfortunaltely, that energy
investment is, even in very conservative estimates, huge.

@_date: 2009-02-19 01:40:23
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
Looking to the past and saying "its not happened before" is not a very
good way of predicting the future IMHO.
It's called Bayesian probability or subjective probability. It's a
reliable way in absence of deductive logic.
I agree that optimism is naive. But that's a very basic quality of optimism. :-)
On Thu, Feb 19, 2009 at 1:37 AM, Josef Davies-Coates

@_date: 2009-02-19 02:01:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
Dear Tere,
You mention that "all other forms of large-scale energy production
fall a lot lower" in terms of return on energy.
I want to thank you for focusing the debate on the math part. :-)
Let's think of hybrid cars...
They're significantly more expensive than regular cars. Yet as oil
prices rise more people buy hybrid cars.
This means that people consider the upfront cost of a hybrid car as a
sunk cost and the fuel cost as the recurring cost.
Same way, people would consider the upfront cost of solar panels as a
sunk cost and the cost of energy as the recurring cost, which in this
case is near $0 (I am 'guessing' that it takes a fractions of a cent
per kw/h to maintain the panels and electric storage [supercapacitor
or whatever kind of battery])
Having said that, if the price of hybrid cars was too expensive, not
many people would get them. But when it's brought down to an
acceptable threshold, people will start buying them and the more
people buy hybrid cars the lower their cost becomes (economies of
scale and improvement in production efficiency over time)
Same with solar panels. If their price can come down to a certain
threshold that makes them justified investment then more home owners
will buy them.
I understand that if it takes too much energy to produce the panels
their price would be more costly than 40 years of paying for
electricity at today's rates. The break even for the homeowner should
be within the first 5 years, IMO, for it to be justified to most
The paradigm I'm working with is p2p energy, not centralized energy.
For centralized energy, we'd be talking hydro power, nuclear,
geothermal and wind.

@_date: 2009-02-19 03:04:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
Michel -
Most if not all of us are experts in one industry or another.
I happen to be an outsider to the energy industry but I have an
interest in its transformation.
So I'm in a good place to question the experts.
First off, I know nothing about nanosolar other than what you've
mentioned. I had joined the debate to voice the opinion that if some
substance is running out it does not mean that all industries
depending on it will just cease to exist. Human ingenuity will find a
replacement and the industries in question will evolve, or the
industries may evolve without the pressure of a scarce resource, e.g.
due to some  radical invention.
I don't think that plastic solar cells are that radical invention. I
had heard of plastic solar cells as far back as the early 90s so I
have some perspective on the technology.
The key when it comes to energy production is the efficiency of
conversion and the cost of the infrastructure.
In a P2P Energy setting, the cost of the infrastructure is
distributed, and can be thought of the same way as the cost of new
technology like hybrid cars, so the only concern is to bring the cost
down to the point where the home owner can break even in say 5 years.
The efficiency of conversion is the big issue, IMO.
If solar cells, hard glass or plastic, cannot be made efficient enough
to power a home 24x7 (with some kind of storage technology to power
the home during night time) then we have nothing to debate.
But if they can be (I do not know either way) then we have something to debate.
Yet, what we're debating now is whether or not we can keep the solar
industry alive before gallium and indium are depleted. I don not
understand the reason for the debate and find it funny, no offense to
Tere or anyone. I just find it really funny to be worried about a
particular type of solar technology and to suggest that the depletion
of gallium and indium would put an end to the solar industry. It
won't. There are tons of ways to make energy from the sun. It can be
chemical (photosynthesis like), thermal (solar cookers) or
photovolatic. In each of these possibilities, there are a variety of
materials that can be used. So the solar industry will find a way to
persist and eventually we'll get more energy from the sun for less
cost than we do today from fossil fuels.
However, the argument that you and the Fioretti bring based on someone
having presumably done a good statistical analysis is still a vague
argument to me, numerically speaking, because I have not seen the
details of the analysis.
The argument itself is simple: It says that "we cant get there from here."
But what is "here"? numerically speaking. How much oil do we have
left? How long is the tail?
Will a combination of wind, biofuel, geothermal, solar and nuclear be
enough to replace oil as oil production dies out slowly?
Where is the paper located? In order to respond to the argument, I do
need to scrutinize the assumptions he makes in his analysis.
If I go "so and so said that we can't get there from here and no one
has rebutted him so it means we can't get there from here" then who
plays the devil's advocate?

@_date: 2009-02-19 04:16:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
The last thing I'd do is to argue on behalf of some company.
I have no faith in the corporation as a concept so there is no way for
me to vouch for the work of a corporation, not even a public
corporation. I believe in a completely different system (see:
 for starters)
Having said that, I highly doubt that gallium will be depleted in 15
years because that assumes that none of the companies who have spent
tens of billions of dollars on gallium-based technologies have
bothered to research the issue.
What I've tried to highlight is that hundreds of billions of dollar
worth of goods a year depend on the existence of gallium and indium.
Their use is extremely wide spread in the electronics,
telecommunication and the LCD display industries, which are all very
huge industries, not to mention the defense industry which relies on
all kind of electronic and electro-optical technologies that
incorporate gallium and indium. The fact that all these powerful
interests (who have everything to lose if those substances cease to
exist) continue to invest heavily in NEW uses for gallium and indium
(including post-silicon chip technology) and the fact that the prices
for these substances have not risen dramatically (imagine where the
prices would be if we were just 15 years to depletion) means that the
suppliers are not seeing shortage any time soon.
Another thing you have to consider, is that suppliers who are corrupt
by simply being profit-at-all-cost corporations may have paid someone
to publish a report about the world running out of those substances so
that they can raise prices and reap huge profits, just as the oil
companies have done with the whole peak oil stuff, which is not to say
that oil is not running out but it has been running out since we
consumed  the first barrel.
You think academics and authors don't get paid (directly or
indirectly) by corporations to produce conclusions that lead to
billions of dollars more of profit?

@_date: 2009-02-19 12:39:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
Re: Fioretti
It's simple demand-supply math. If gallium is about to run out in 15
years, those who produce it would be complete idiots not to raise its
price. So if it is indeed running out the suppliers would be first to
know because that is how they make their living, like how you make
your living sifting through list mail.
It definitely does raise the subjective probability that such behavior
is prevalent but we're talking about 3 major industries + the defense
industry being highly dependent on gallium production, so to assume
all those industries are run by utter idiots (not just the CEOs but
everyone in the upper echelon) is a little bit pessimistic (and in
almost racism.. as in racism against those with MBAs) No everyone is a
banker or Wall Streeter. Let's have _some_ faith in fellow men while
we take apart and rethink the system.
p.s. there is no "proper" way to quote. If you had explained the
reason rather than demand that others quote "proplerly" then I would
have put your name up top or even in the title, so you can filter. But
that raises the question: if you have such little bandwidth why do you
waste my time and others responding in sound bites? I think your
argument that you need to know immediately who the reply is for
assumes that you only have enough bandwidth to give a mediocre answer.
This maybe the reason i don't want to make it easier for you/others to
resort to ADD mode. If you want direct communication that works for
ADD or limited bandwidth, go discuss stuff on Twitter.

@_date: 2009-02-19 12:57:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Dear Tere,
It's so bad that "deletionpedia" has better quality articles (in a
growing number of areas) at this point
See this in regards to corruption:
The fish rots from the head down.
Also, Jimmy Wales has a conflict of interest in running Wikia, a
commercial venture that aims to apply semantic web technology to a
wikipedia like service. Wikia was started after I had written about
applying semantic tech to Wikipedia itself. But he actually not only
applying the concept to a commercial for-profit venture but in doing
so he's sucking creative ideas away from wikipedia and funneling them
into what makes him money. Wikia now hosts "semantic mediawiki" which
was designed originally with the hope of its adoption by Wikipedia.
But on a more broader scale, Wales is leveraging wikipedia and his
status there to make money with Wikia. If no one else gets this, then
oh well... But I can write a 3 page article on it, easily with
researched facts and links.

@_date: 2009-02-19 13:33:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The "make sense" argument is so subjective and dependent on one's own
biases, knowledge, ability to understand others conclusions, etc, that
it hold very little weight in absolute terms.
It seems that you avoided to debate the slashdot article. Why? Are you
afraid that actual facts might undermine the point you're making?
If you have not been at a VC funded venture and have not taken VC
money then it probably would not make sense to you that you are not
supposed to be running or be involved in running a non-profit in the
same industry as your VC funded startup. And you're not supposed to
leverage your position at a major non-profit in order to pursue your
commercial interest.
If you have not managed an R&D team at a VC startup (like Wikia) then
how can you make any conclusions about improper leverage and conflict
of interest?
On Thu, Feb 19, 2009 at 1:02 PM, Chris Watkins

@_date: 2009-02-19 20:43:39
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Thanks Michel.
Dear Vasillis:
The slashdot post about "secret ban list" which hints at Jimmy Wales'
corruption (which has been documented by other articles, including
ones about his misuse of Foundation funds) is available at:
My own experience with Wikipedia governance, which got me thinking
about building a "people hosted" version of Wikipedia is documented
at:  (updated)
If you look at the way Knol is structured, every topic can have
multiple entry by multiple authors. The version linked to the most
rises to the top in Google search. I believe that is a very liberal
model of dealing with the issue. Why let some corrupt Wikipedia admin
or Founder dictate all human knowledge? Why not let the users dictate
that by linking to the version they like and by doing so making it
more popular without eliminating/deleting less popular versions (of
any given topic.) Where Google goes wrong is in their misunderstanding
of why people contribute so much to Wikipedia's entries. The reason
people do it is not money but to be part of a great moral experiment.
So by Google having an incentive (to pay authors from ad revenue for
their given entry) they are actually creating a counter incentive
because people who have brains have principles too so they wouldn't do
it for pennies. The whole driver for Wikipedia is to be part of a
great moral experiment. Sadly, that experiment is failing behind the
curtain. People who support Wikipedia's governance and ignore the
problems already exposed (such as the slashdot link above) are on one
side of the debate and all those unhappy with corruption and
incompetence are on the other side. Getting the two parties to meet
half way is important but not essential to the task of building a
better pedia, using a more liberated structure that bans deletions and
bans "banning" of users but still maintains quality through use of a
PageRank like scheme.
In fact, if Google was smart they would setup a Foundation and
separate that from their business and spin off Knol to that foundation
then remove the silly ad revenue incentive and let people have a go at
building a better pedia.
But I doubt that ANY corporation can survive the test of moral goodness.
Let the people build and host their own pedia.

@_date: 2009-02-19 20:56:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] quote on early history as gift economies 
As always, very thoughtful analysis Michel. Thanks.
I just want to add a note on hierarchies....
You can have a functional hierarchy (not a political one that keeps
power at the top) between equally empowered peers where the structure
of the hierarchy is known but where the nodes are occupied by randomly
picked peers from a set of all peers that meet a given functional
In such a hierarchy, all the peers are equally empowered AND no
built-in dependency is created on any peer in particular.
What would such hierarchy be known as?  It exists today due to Search
technology. When someone running some business goes out to find
suppliers they go to Google and search for e.g. Python developer. They
find tons of links. They pick one or pick one that leads them to
another search engine which ultimately leads them to some supplier.
Now we have a hierarchy of two levels: the business owner and the
supplier. If the business owner repeats this every time she needs a
Python developer, which some people do, and uses the same criteria but
picks another supplier from the range of all potential suppliers
(those matching the criteria) then that is power to the business owner
and power to the developer. Neither is stuck with each other, and
neither develops a dependency on each other. I ran a number of
projects like that in the past with higher reliability than depending
on the same developer for all projects. Every developer had to prove
themselves and I had to prove my ability to manage the project.

@_date: 2009-02-19 21:28:51
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
It's not illegality but morality
Remember, nothing illegal was done that brought about the economic
catastrophe we have now
Only immoral, unethical behavior.
Wikipedia is centralized in governance (no true democracy) and in structure.
It has proven itself as much as capitalism has. It does not mean we
should not propose better solutions.
I apologize for taking a sharp tone, and I understand your underlying
philosophical argument about relativism and Wikipedia.
I think a good option would be banning deletions and banning "banning"
and letting each topic has as many versions as there are people who
want to write about it singly or collaboratively and then use PageRank
as a quality filter, where the good (or rather the popular) versions
rise to the top.
It's my belief that PageRank works very differently than digg (there
is some humor in this comparison for the technically tuned in)
PageRank is not un-game-able, but it is the only trust metric that
actually fights back, as far as my knowledge of trust metrics go.
On Thu, Feb 19, 2009 at 9:18 PM, Chris Watkins

@_date: 2009-02-19 21:42:23
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
To illustrate the point about the major flow in Wikipedia's model,
using some slashdot humor:
"Not true - I checked (Score:5, Funny)
by DuncanE (35734) * on Tuesday December 04,  (
No.. there's no secret [ban] list - I checked Wikipedia and it said so.
Said it was not "not notable" or something.
See the problem?

@_date: 2009-02-19 22:24:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] quote on early history as gift economies 
Both trust networks and filtering systems are part of the example.
- I search Google (which uses a kind of trust metric called PageRank)
- I pick some site for freelancers from a list of several sites highly
ranked in the Google search results (i.e. with high PageRank)
- I go to that site and I enter my filtering criteria
- I issue an informal RFP and I get bids, which I pass under another
filtering criteria
- I end up with 6-12 otential suppliers
- I choose one at random
Rinse and repeat.
So you see that both filtering (my criteria) and trust mrerics
(PageRank) are part of the example.
The random selection (the last step in the process) and the fact that
I do that for every project is a model that arose from my observation
that, overall, changing horses at the start of every project, using
the process outlined above, gives me a higher rate of success and
autonomy in the context of running multiple successive projects.
It has been my experience that depending on the same supplier every
time is a sure way to create a dependency on a single resource.
It's my observation (related to the human factors view not the systems
view) that creating a dependency on a single resource not only gives
them increasing power over time (relative to my power in the equation,
where ideally we should be equally empowered) to the point where they
raise the price considerably and reduce their effort at the same time.
This is a general observation. Not everyone fits this critical
observation, but enough do.
So that's why I had resorted to picking a new contractor for every new
project, after years of working on the basis of accrued trust, i.e.
sticking with one contractor.
The Internet has given me this option.
The kind of hierarchy that emerges from such model is one where both I
and the contractor are equally empowered and where neither of us have
a dependency on the other.
What would this kind of hierarchy be called to distinguish it from
hierarchies that develop built-in dependencies and power imbalances
(in either direction) over time?
I'm asking Michel as well as asking openly.
If anyone has a suggestion as to how to categorize this kind of
hierarchy, please feel free to state it.
I do feel it's different enough than the type pf hierarchies that
exist in today's economy, but that may be changing as more people take
advantage of the Internet and abundance of qualified suppliers to
isolate themselves from dependence, while at the same time being
empowered by a high degree of transient interdependence in their
production network.
On Thu, Feb 19, 2009 at 10:00 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-02-19 22:56:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
Hi Tere,
Let me explain why I do not fully buy the above stated argument.
In the US, Oil is 2X more expensive now than it was 10 years ago. So
in 10 years it has doubled.
I am speaking of prices as of today (after the economic meltdown) and
they may continue to rise despite the economic meltdown.
However, while I don't have the data, I can infer that the price of
gallium has not doubled in the last 10 years and this is based on the
fact that IR laser diodes and other products using gallium have
continued to decrease in price. In other words, I know the price of
things that use gallium has continued to go down.
So while the wedge thesis is correct to some extent it does not
account for the increase in prices of oil. So it's an imperfect thesis
in this sense.
Price of oil is higher than it was 10 years ago (double the price)
while the price of gallium (as inferred from the price of goods that
use gallium and where gallium is the most costly part, e.g. IR laser
diodes) has gone down in the last 10 years.
So demand and supply math would still hold even if there was a wedge
as you describe (as in the case of oil)
But since price of gallium has not risen, I argue that there is no
shortage YET and that any papers written that claim such shortage
MAYBE an attempt by some suppliers to hype up scarcity to get in early
on the massive profits.
Note that the oil companies made over $40 Billion dollars in profit.
Fear is a big business.

@_date: 2009-02-19 23:04:15
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Appropedia is a very interesting and relevant *pedia!
Ultimately if we have more domain-specific *pedias I think the quality
will improve per each domain.
In closing remarks, I'm entirely against deletion of user-submitted
content and banning of users, for whatever reason. Resilience is what
we need in the new society not intolerance.
On Thu, Feb 19, 2009 at 10:54 PM, Chris Watkins

@_date: 2009-02-19 23:27:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The question is who dictates what is useful knowledge and what is not.
God? Jimmy Wales? You? I? The Crowd? or Google?
I personally vote for The Crowd via PageRank like algorithm.
On Thu, Feb 19, 2009 at 11:17 PM, Chris Watkins

@_date: 2009-02-20 00:00:27
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] quote on early history as gift economies 
Hi Michel,
I will go over this with my eyes wide open for anything new and
different than my set of assumptions.
However, for now I want to highlight a few things:
You look for mutual empowerment but this is rarely the case in market
society, where the unequal relationship of having access to capital,
or not, is structurally embedded.
I was making my comment in the context of the P2P Energy Economy model.
It does enable equal empowerment but in the given context of the
model, where everyone is a producer with skills in many areas, which
is also an end state that the model encourages.
Where that end state is not reached, the model will harbor injustices.
Its core assumption is that people can empower of disempower
themselves with their own choices but that such choices are NOT the
negative choices we have today but positive choices such as sharing
revenue in order to grow (rather than hoarding it and using it
exclusively for one's own growth), becoming more efficient over time,
and learning more skills and turning those skills into higher
productivity. It's life as I would live it, not as any person would
live it. That's what I realized eventually and as a result I decided
it was time to change course and scope down the ambition (by starting
with a specialized economy) as well as make the model much simpler and
lighter with far fewer assumptions.
Having said that, the P2P Energy Economy model also treats the
hierarchy exactly as stated in the following statement from what you
"(4) The sole role of hierarchy is in its spontaneous emergence in the
initiation and continuous flowering of autonomy-in-co-operation in all
spheres of human endeavor"
But it does not permit the hierarchy to set in place because that is
seen as creating single points of failure. The solution I had come up
with for making sure the hierarchy does not set in place is impersonal
in that it is prevents the accrual of dependency and accrued trust
does not factor in anywhere in the model.
My smile indicates that I realize what I have done wrong.
I think in deciding to change course and taking time to think of it I
will be able to come up with a model that is better.
What I have learned is that the design of a socio-economic system
requires a level of consciousness (understanding of myself in whole)
and a moral intuition that seems always a step beyond my reach, but
I'm sure I'll grasp it one day.
However, the way peer production theory is today is also very lacking
in terms of the scalability and efficiency of its generalized exchange
model, and where you don't have scalability and efficiency you don't
have sustainable abundance.
So I'm going to think about a very thin kind of economy (much thinner
than P2P Energy Economy) that will not deal with moral and social
aspects at all and that will focus on scalable and efficient exchange
model, in a the specialized economy of open software and open software
development, where this statement of yours is certainly true: "I think
this mostly works in areas where freelancers have coveted rare skills,
but that is rarely the case."
So I think we are converging at one level.
Thank you.
On Thu, Feb 19, 2009 at 11:31 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-02-20 00:16:24
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] quote on early history as gift economies 
So it seems that the model I have built over time for succeeding in my
line of work is in response to the current socio-economic system and
so taking that model and extending it to its fullest version (all the
ideals I have) and laying it over the current system is what I had
done with the P2P Energy Economy.
Yet where I went wrong is in building a system based on my ideals
which are the co-product of what I feel is fair and the defenses or
response I have developed to the existing system.
In the next model, I will take ideals out of it and focus solely on
scalability and efficiency but to do that it will have to be in a much
more specialized economy (i.e. much smaller context of application)

@_date: 2009-02-20 00:27:32
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
Re: Fioretti:
The use of ADD-worsening technologies such as SMS, Twitter, or being
subscribed to 20+ mailing lists is what I'm knocking down, not people
who suffer from ADD.

@_date: 2009-02-20 11:30:01
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
"Jimbo Unilaterally Cashiers WMF's Section 230 Immunity - The Wikipedia Review
Jimbo's recent intervention in Wikiversity, where he declared various
academic lines of inquiry (primarily associated with a course on
Applied Ethics) to be "Beyond the Scope" of Wikiversity. At the same
time that Jimbo publishes an appeal to donors to contribute to WMF's
mission of bringing the sum of all human knowledge to 21st Century
youth, he declares that a wide swath of educational material on
Wikiversity is beyond the remit of the project, and he personally
expunges it."

@_date: 2009-02-20 11:54:35
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
Re: viability of solar cell technology beyond silicon
We had ample debate but (after asking twice) no one has provided a
link to the paper that says gallium/indium supplies are at risk of
being depleted in the short term.
If anyone should like to provide links here to all such articles re:
supply of indium and/or gallium regardless of whether they may be
biased (fabricated conclusions of or bad analysis) not, please do so
right here.
Here is the first link (from a corporation):

@_date: 2009-02-20 12:18:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] quote on early history as gift economies 
That's actually the right word for it.
A "process hierarchy" ...
Thank you David.
I do recognize that such hierarchy when applied to human production
systems has its moral/social/economic pros and cons which depend on
context, so the label does not make it "better" than structural
hierarchies in all contexts, just in certain contexts, such as the
example I gave, which Michel noted (afterward) is morally/socially
adequate only in cases where the producers are themselves empowered by
a set of special coveted skills, i.e. not general laborers who one
could argue benefit from from a structural hierarchy that permits
accrued trust, which seems to emerge naturally in all human production
systems, including so-called "peer production," unless specifically
disallowed (by the process.)
My thinking has matured further since I wrote the last draft of P2P
Energy Economy ( which
specifically disables/disallows structural hierarchies (i.e a
proactive purist approach to peer production per the ideal of equal
At the present time, I realize that while I have disagreement with
Michel over the efficiency and scalability of he generalized exchange
model, my approach to equal empowerment (through actual disabling of
structural hierarchies in the said model's meta-process) is, like
Michel noted, only morally/socially adequate in case of open software
production systems, not any human production system that relies on
general labor (where producers are less empowered.) So I have moved in
the direction of designing a more specialized economy and a more
specialized kind of currency where I plan to leave my own moral/social
presumptions at the door (because I'm more of an engineer than a
sociologist or psychologist) and focus solely on maximizing efficiency
and scalability of the exchange model in the specialized context
(which happens to be open software and open software production.)
More on that here: Thanks again.

@_date: 2009-02-20 14:49:08
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
You label people as trolls and arguments as non-sensical. But you are
1 voice in 6 billion.
The way to enable change is with the power of ideas and the will to
put them in action. Not by stating subjective opinions and judgments
with no consequence whatsoever.
Let's focus the debate on ideas.
I sated mine with respect to no bans, no deletions and PageRank-like
trust metric to rank versions.
It is not a perfect idea. No idea is, but it is an idea that I and
other developers can think about and possibly code one day. Maybe
soon. The important thing is to contribute ideas to the debate not
simply provide opinions and circumstantial arguments.
Can you share your ideas?

@_date: 2009-02-20 16:49:58
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Missing followups (sent from mobile phone so list was not CCd)
Your argument that PageRank promotes sensationalism while wikipedia
process promotes quality is self defeating because for every search on
google on any given topic available in Wikipedia the first link in the
PageRank result point to Wikipedia.
In his case, you are frustrating yourself as you argue against your own logic.
big difference - between results and means.
Are you saying that Wikipedia games the Google Pagerank algorithm or
that Google treats wikipedia favorably due to political bias rather
than based on an impartial algorithm?
Both conclusions have negative implications on Wikipedia, but I doubt
that they are true.
What I know is true is that PageRank simply works and that is based on
the fact that Google is favored by more users than any other search
So for any wikipedia competitor that allows multiple versions per
topic the highest ranking version should have the same chance
eventually as the Wikipedia page for that topic assuming it simply
copies the Wikipedia entry, and if iy manages to have higher quality
content according to PageRank then it should rank higher than the
Wikipedia page for the same topic.
In otherwords, having it done in an impartial way by an algorithm is
better for freedom of knowledge.
Having a few admins dictate what knowledge is has the smell of dictatorship.
    Are you saying that Wikipedia games the Google Pagerank algorithm or
    that Google treats wikipedia favorably due to ppluical bias rather
    than based on an impartial algorithm?
Good quality, useful sites are often popular, so it gets a high
PageRank. Wikipedia benefits from this. Also that it's easy for blogs
to link to Wikipedia for explanations of things.
Popular sites are not automatically good quality or useful in the same sense.
    Both conclusions have negative implications on Wikipedia, but I doubt
    that they are true.
    What I know is true is that PageRank simply works and that is based on
    the fact that Google is favored by more users than any other search
    engine.
    So for any wikipedia competitor that allows multiple versions per
    topic the highest ranking version should have the same chance
    eventually as the Wikipedia page for that topic assuming it simply
    copies the Wikipedia entry, and if iy manages to have higher quality
    content according to PageRank then it should rank higher than the
    Wikipedia page for the same topic.
    In otherwords, having it done in an impartial way by an algorithm is
    better for freedom of knowledge.
    Having a few admins dictate what knowledge is has the smell of dictatorship.
But they don't, in the cases I'm aware of. There are rules, and some
people don't like those rules, especially those promoting their own
theories. That's behind much (not all) of the resentment towards
Your argument is clearly in favor of the established order.
doesn't matter much what it's in favor of - it matters whether the
argument is sound.
I don't think its sound today. Maybe a 100 years ago. That is my opinion.
This brings the list up to date on the Wikiversity/Wikipedia debate...

@_date: 2009-02-20 17:35:43
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
"Inspired by the photosynthesis performed by plants, Nocera and
Matthew Kanan, a postdoctoral fellow in Nocera's lab, have developed
an unprecedented process that will allow the sun's energy to be used
to split water into hydrogen and oxygen gases. Later, the oxygen and
hydrogen may be recombined inside a fuel cell, creating carbon-free
electricity to power your house or your electric car, day or night."
So this means that the sun is our greatest hope for clean renewable
always-on energy (via storage which the photosynthesis technology
above supports by storing the generated energy in fuel cells as part
of the setup.)
This is why I don't like knocking down anything that has to do with
getting energy from the sun.
As to what makes gallium/indium desired, I can state the following
based on my level of knowledge which is fortunately not shallow but
not the same as the level of knowledge a semiconductor or condensed
matter physicist has (obvious but I felt I need to clarify)
1. I believe indium (as Indium Tin Oxide) is MOSTLY used as the
transparent conductive coating (because the sun has to go through it)
which acts as cathode or anode.
2. When it comes to Gallium, I think that electron mobility is hgher
in gallium than it is in silicon which means higher efficiency in
converting photons to electric current.

@_date: 2009-02-20 20:03:39
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Millenia Award for P2P Foundation 
Hi Michel,
Obama talks about the "audacity of hope" but in your case it's the
audacity of very hard work for no or very little material return.
This award is more than well deserved and I hope the Foundation gets
recognized on a broader scale.
I'd like to piggy back on this opportunity to discuss the Foundation
in a greater scope and ask if the "commons" model can encompass direct
reciprocal exchanges, using new kind of niche currencies that sustain
the abundance of the given resource in a given market as well as
broader efforts aiming to realize the same goal of sustainable
For example, direct reciprocal exchange in cpu and man hours for open
software and open software development. While the model is still being
worked out, the question I have that remains relevant at the high
level is:
Can the model of the commons be, which seems to be the core of the
Foundation's belief system, act as an umbrella for all kinds of
experimental exchange models that aim to take us closer to sustainable
abundance in autonomy, freedom, goods, and services and that do not
violate (and actually promote) the moral and social principles of the
commons ?
The reason I am asking is because I see "sustainable abundance" in
psychic (freedom, autonomy, etc), virtual and (renewable) materials as
requiring a more efficient and more scalable model than those
currently encompassed by the generalized exchange model.
In other words, if new experimental exchange models can b reconciled
both morally and socially with the principles behind the model of the
commons then are such models welcomed within the Foundation's core
agenda? or how would you describe the agenda more generally so that
such efforts can be part of it?
Thank you again for your incredibly dedicated effort to move forward
the Foundation and what it stands for, and congratulations to you and
all who have contributed time and effort.

@_date: 2009-02-23 14:56:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
When a certain resource hits that peak point, the search intensifies
for a substitute.
In the case of solar cells, the _substitute_ may be in the form of a
radically new technology based on photosynthesis + fuel cells (see MIT
press release in the previous message to this thread) which does not
involve silicon or gallium.
So the point that I want to make is that we cannot say that since
gallium and indium is running out then we should forget "solar energy"
altogether. The sun is an almost infinite source of energy. Once we
perfect how we draw power from the sun, e.g. using photosynthesis like
all plants have been doing since the birth of this planet, sustainable
abundance in solar energy generation will be possible.
And in the short term, enough gallium supplies exist, so sounding the
alarm without offering an alternative is what the problem is in my own
view. It's one thing to sound the alarm and at the same time offer an
alternative. It's a completely different thing to sound the alarm and
offer no alternative (for solar energy generation).
Having said that, sounding the alarm now maybe a bit premature to the
point where suppliers not faced with actual depletion conditions will
use the fear to raise prices and the victims will be all the solar
cell companies who are trying to lessen our dependence on fossil fuels
so this whole "alarm sounding" act with respect to gallium and indium
may be an attempt by Big Oil or other interests to kill the home solar
energy market before it starts.
Why not focus our "alarm raising" efforts on clean coal,
environmentally damaging oil drilling, and nuclear energy and give the
solar energy industry a break? After all, the solar energy industry is
the industry that will invest in new ideas for harvesting the sun's
power. Those ideas won't come from the clean coal or nuclear or oil
Sounding the alarm on gallium and indium now without hyping up the
story is OK as long as A) we don't knock down an industry that is
trying to lessen our dependence on fossil fuels and B) we accompany
our alarm sounding with new ideas for getting energy efficiency from
the sun.
Otherwise, we're helping Big Oil, Clean Coal, and Nuclear industries
by creating an alarmist atmosphere around the solar energy industry
whereas what we need to create is hope in its future (think:
photosynthesis, solar cooking, solar heating, etc)
That's my opinion of course and I realize everyone has one :-)

@_date: 2009-02-23 14:58:32
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Millenia Award for P2P Foundation 
Of course that makes sense.
On Fri, Feb 20, 2009 at 11:02 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-02-23 17:05:13
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
A giant corporation or any corporation is a walled entity itself, so I
see a contradiction at the philosophical level whenever some
corporation talks abou tearing down walls.
Like Reagan tearing down the Berlin wall only to see the whole world
fall inside the walls of capitalism.
But if you leave it up to Google there is always a catch somewhere.
Some way for them to have more power or more money while pushing for
progressive agenda on the surface.
I do appreciate PageRank, but their patent of FriendRank is extrememly

@_date: 2009-02-23 18:41:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
In agreement,
I want to add that when change happens, it takes everyone, even the
most prepared by surprise.
That is why it's called "CHANGE"
Any action that is _planned_ and _advertised_ **before** it happens is
just *theatrics*
Real change has a mind of its own. We can only hope that we're
contributing to it. We cannot hope that we control it.
I need to read what the great philosophers had to say about this
because the word "change" is thrown around lightly these days, and for
profit and greed.

@_date: 2009-02-23 18:45:20
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a thinker of abundance: 
It's more likely stuff will make itself happen in ways that none here
could control or anticipate, but can contribute two without preaching
for openness on one list and practicing Wikipedia/IRC style governance
on another list.

@_date: 2009-02-23 22:48:24
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] The question of transition and the role 
I think it's an issue of speaking from two different belief systems so
I don't think agreement or consensus is the goal here.
Having said that, and having blasted my views to this list before, I
still feel a need to express a certain "fact" about "free" software.
The most popular free software is supported heavily by corporations
like Google and IBM. Examples, include Firefox, Linux (the entire
Linux ecosystem is heavily supported by IBM's investment in Linux and
that ecosystem brings in revenue to companies and individuals who
contribute to Linux) It's not a direct reciprocal exchange but it's
still an exchange. If you work for a project that I depend on and I
turn around and point my customers to buy from you or to hire you then
I am paying you, just not directly. With respect to Firefox, it's
clear that it had been paid for by Google's money, which they
apparently have so much of they don't know what to do with, but if
they didn't have it and did not have indirect means of recouping their
energy spent (the lead developers) the project would have stalled and
crumbled as it reached a certain threshold of complexity.
I, too, as you may know, attempted to design a new monetary system
that is efficient, scalable and also kind to the people, and resilient
to --not intolerant of-- bad behavior.  It's documented in its final
form here: But then I realized that it had been designed with physical goods in
mind and unfortunately it seems that the universe makes it a very
complicated task to design "kind money" In other words, the way nature
works is almost as if struggle and strife is a fact and that extends
to everything physical (a subject that deserves its own thread.) So in
moving the focus to digital goods and services such as open software
and open software production (development) I realized that the
trajectory of increasing complexity the P2P Energy Economy mode was on
needed to be departed from and a new model catering specifically to
sustainable abundance (read: no reliance on major corporate supported
ecosystems or direct corporate funding) in open software and open
software production. The current thinking is on a much simpler model
that is based on cpu and man hour currency (where currency does not
ration the good or service for the sake of rationing but for the sake
of enabling it's sustained abundance) You can see more about that in
the discussion tab at:
But like I said, it's a matter of not being able to comprehend each
others logic as we come to this debate with two different belief
I do believe ultimately that the meaning of life (isn't that what it's
all about?) is to open up more and more not close in more and more.
Open up to pain, suffering, randomness, strife, and injustice and take
that in, while being resilient in our spirit and in our systems.
Shutting out pain and suffering and trying to come up with social
systems that avoid pain and suffering is a path towards spiritual
obsolescence not a path toward compassion.

@_date: 2009-02-24 19:49:08
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
I have not seen a numerical analysis of the "time and scale" problem
as it applies to solar energy.
It's all in the analysis: if it seems that the calculation is well
founded (in facts and in terms of how correlations are treated) then
I'll buy it because not doing so would be going against the facts.
But I have not seen the original paper on "time and scale" or any
paper that presents a numerical analysis.
Generally speaking, I'm not comfortable deferring to experts if I can
parse the analysis myself both in terms of scrutinizing the facts and
the calculations, to make sure the facts are backed up (which is the
easy part and I think Kurt already did that) and to make sure the
calculations themselves are well founded.
Can we see some papers that contain such "time and scale" analysis
with respect to gallium and indium?
It may be true that there isn't enough of these substances to make
solar energy common place before oil goes thru the roof, but I want to
scrutinize that because the implications are not limited to the solar
cell industry; it affects everything from telecommunications
(including cell phones) to HDTVs to defense weapon systems, and more
importantly the future replacement for silicon in microchips where
gallium nitride is one of the prominent candidates.
In other words, the effect of gallium depletion is huge and very
broad. If we are truly reaching peak production, I would like to parse
the analysis myself, because it would mean that telecom (industry I
spent over a decade in) and various consumer and military electronics
will just stall while trying to find replacement, which is not making
much sense to me.
It's either the story of the century (as far as those industries are
concerned) or something is wrong in teh analysis.
If I could get a link to such analysis I would go over it and let you
know what I find out.

@_date: 2009-02-24 20:33:36
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
It seems that we're all born with a desire to shape both our identity
as well as what we produce, which can be sometimes seen as part of our
identity (although not always.)
Collective production is great but people sometimes desire to be
unique and to make unique individual choices that others may not agree
How do you address that?

@_date: 2009-02-24 23:40:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
It's really not an attack on anyone's work.
I am just SURPRISED and PUZZLED by the claim that several key
technologies vital to telecom, high frequency electronics and weapon
systems will have to be replaced in the next 15 years.
1 - GaAs FETs (Gallium Arsenide Field Effect Transistors which are
everywhere in telecom equipment, cell phones and sll high-frequency
electronics, including HDTV broadcast equipment and TVs)
2 - GaAS IR laser diodes in all DVD players and in military electronics
3- GaN FETs as the basis for post-silicon microchips that can continue
to uphold Moore's law (there are other more exotic alternatives to
silicon but not sure if the fab processes are as well developed, so I
would have some concern or at least questions to answer if Gallium was
indeed running out, i.e. how will we continue to uphold Moore's law
realistically speaking in the next 25 years?)
4 - Indium (as ITO) in all LCD displays  (I am less concerned with
availability of Indium for LCD displays since organic LEDs are the
future of flat panel displays an they are already here and in
production in a growing flat panel displays)
5 - Indium in new generation solar cells, including radiation hardened
ones used in satellites (I'm  quite concerned here because hundreds of
millions of dollars have gone into developing InGaN, InN, and InGaP
based solar panels specifically for more efficient solar cells and
besides photosynthesis I have no clue if there is a replacement for
Indium on the horizon)
In other words, if the claim that we're running out has any truth to
it, it would wreck havoc on telecom, HDTV, high efficiency solar cells
and weapon systems production.
The next step in this debate is to get the analysis and the data used
in the analysis from those who are promoting the conclusion that we
are running out of gallium (and indium although the latter would be a
much more confined disruption), whomever they had gotten it from in
the first place.
It's not a big deal to look at an analysis and consider it carefully.
It may be the story of the century and would make first page on Wired
and IEEE Times if it's true.

@_date: 2009-02-25 12:46:43
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
If you look at the data, the author points out the fact that the URR
[ultimate recoverable resource] is much higher than his estimate
(which is based on the USGS production data alone) in case of Gallium
but he decides not to includes the reserves base because he mistrusts
the accuracy of the reserves data, which are also supplied by USGS,
citing "high uncertainty of the data for gallium."
By deciding to use the production data alone all he is able to predict
is the depletion (or rather the "collapse") of production, not the
depletion of gallium itself. There is one humongous difference here. I
hope you understand.
He says that "In principle, the peaks that we have reported could be
interpreted as due to factors other than depletion."
(sorry but I personally find it funny)
How can you predict depletion of a resource based on production data alone?
Furthermore, the application of logistic regression to survey data
itself (to predict collapse of production) is not exposed in the
article and could contain some crucial errors, i.e. where is the SAS
model or where is the model design in general?
For example, if the production volume shows periodicity where the
period is known then that takes a different kind of logistic
regression model than if the period is unknown, and yet another model
if it's non-periodic. So I am not sure if he's applying logistic
regression correctly (for collapse of production) given that I don't
see the calculation.
This also implies that by not discussing the possibility that the
production volume (the detailed data not the cumulative data) may be
periodic his prediction of the collapse may not only be entirely
flawed (in the design of the logistic regression model) but also
obstructing a significant truth about production data in ecology and
mineralogy, which is that production peaks and collapses in periods
(up to the Feigenbaum constant, i.e. r < 3.6) and then it goes into
What causes the periodicity and eventually chaos is that the
production rate exceeds the sustainability limit for the given
production technology and/or the sustainability limit of the market
(he does not supply demand as another possibility rather than
depletion of the resource) so production collapses but that doesn't
mean resource is not depleted. The production grows again when more
efficient technology is developed for extraction or when the market
swings back into demand mode (from over supply.)  In fact that is what
may be happening with oil, too. We're reaching the first point of
bifurcation (the point at the which the quantitative behavior of the
system changes abruptly)  but it does not mean that more efficient
technology won't make deep oil reserves cheap again which will cause a
come back in oil production (after the collapse).
The analysis given by that paper is silly at best.

@_date: 2009-02-25 12:49:22
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
minor typo in last para:
"so production collapses but that doesn't mean resource IS depleted."

@_date: 2009-02-25 17:22:46
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
The kind of data I would bee looking for is the raw data given over a
much longer period
The reason is that if the volume or production is periodic at all then
the way the logistic regression is applied would have to be different
than how it's applied normally (assuming no periodicity in the
behavior of the dependent variable)
If no raw data exists or if it doesn't exist for say the last 50 years
then my own assumption would be that it's periodic at this time but I
would not know the period so logistic regression would be applied in
yet another way
I think what he did is he applied it without assuming any periodicity
and that's all besides the point that you cannot predict gallium
depletion based on gallium production volumes alone, although you can
predict the collapse of production (assuming you're applying the
regression correctly)
I definitely need to see the full analysis (or any other full
analysis) despite knowing that there is a definite flaw in this case
(which is the assumption that if production is about to collapse then
the resource is about to be depleted)

@_date: 2009-02-27 00:15:58
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How the Derivatives Market Jumped of a Cliff On Its 
How the Derivatives Market Jumped of a Cliff On Its Way to a Party
This is based on something I read recently but cannot locate atm....
Someone had come up with a probabilistic formula to estimate the probability
of risk associated with a given random pool of derivative securities. It
worked 99% of the time in predicting the probability of risk by making the
flawed assumption that a high degree of correlation between independent
random variables (across different types of derivatives) was actually
expressing some hidden causality (some magic in the way nature worked that
no one had yet understood) when in fact all it was expressing was a very
high degree of correlation between completely independent random variables.
When statisticians play physicist they use the term "copula" which is the
bundling of independent random variables with high correlation into a
constant. This "copula" method assumes that there is some hidden causality
that no one really understands but that can be used to calculate with high
certainty the probability of risk associated with a random pool of
derivative securities each with it's own set of independent random
variables, without analyzing each derivative security individually, and
without having to put only derivatives of the same type in the same pool. As
if statistics had found some hidden causality in nature, which happens all
the time, e.g. Gaussian distribution is common in nature but not universal
yet it is assumed to be universal by some statisticians as if it's a
physical law. In other words, high degree of correlation is often confused
with causation or is taken to be hidden causation in order to simplify some
probabilistic calculation (at the expense of misleading the user.)
So bankers were able to bundle all sorts of derivatives into the same pools
and rate them together using the said magic formula, which allowed a massive
increase in the volume of trading in securities (went from double digit
billions to double digit trillions in just over 10 years.)
When the market conditions changed this copula (or assumed hidden causality)
went out of the window and the magic formula's ability to predict the
probability of risk associated with pools of derivatives went out of the
window with it. So what we ended up with were credit securities pools that
were rated AAA but had dog shit in them.
That satisfies my personal curiosity as to what happened.
It could have been avoided if the person responsible for the now-infamous
derivatives valuation formula did not treat causality (or lack of) in such a
shallow and stupid way.
Some kids have an imaginary friend. Some statisticians have an imaginary

@_date: 2009-02-28 01:44:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How the Derivatives Market Jumped of a Cliff On 
It turns out that people have been warning about this for a long while,
which is part of the reason the person responsible for the formula (and for
the trillions of dollars in derivatives market growth due to it) was passed
on by the Nobel prize committee.
I located the article I had found earlier this week:
It was basically a gambling formula that worked exceedingly well when
certain "things" in the environment were in confluence and blew up the
minute those things got out of sync somehow.  It's the greatest lesson not
to treat circumstantially strong correlation between independent random
variables as being due to some hidden determinism. That's exactly what the
formula did by boiling down correlation between independent random variables
to a constant.  All such models work great when they do but then suddenly
stop working without warning, like finding a trick to win at a gambling
table over and over again and then suddenly losing all the gains and then
some because the trick stops working and you have no clue why. I've seen
that happen to day traders in the stock market. They develop these unique
theories and make a ton of money but then they start to believe that they've
discovered some kind of hidden determinism and forget that what is random is
So in summary, both great depressions (1929 and 2008)  were due to GAMBLING.
Can we please have an economy withOUT gambling!!!?
Someone should start a movement to demand the closure of all stock markets
and all derivatives market in all global markets. NOW. Enough is enough. The
definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice and expecting different
results. So the world is truly insane, what's new?
I am not sure what attachment the world has to gambling?
What will the effect be of closing down stock markets and derivatives
Why don't we see a grassroots movement to abolish financial gambling
Is the cocaine culture of Wall Street what is making traders think they can
conquer randomness? I'm serious. Does cocaine play a key role in Wall
Street's addiction to gambling?

@_date: 2009-02-28 12:10:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: How the Derivatives 
On Sat, Feb 28, 2009 at 5:41 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <
As I currently understand it:
fiat currency created through fractional
; debt with interest needing ever more economic growth ( and new
markets, including speculative markets ) to create more debt with interest
to cover the interest owed to the banks,
monopolized by a few currencies by a globalized banking system cartel;
This, from my current point of view, creating the foundations, and even the
need for such pyramidal gambling structure.
This explanation makes complete sense to me.
But the question I asked is more of a political one than an analytical one.
It is possible to simplify the problem in order to gain traction. That's
what I was thinking. You can rally people against "gambling" (don't even
elevate it philosophically to "speculation") but you cannot rally people
against the fractional reserve system because it is an abstraction that
obstructs the archetypes (or basic patterns) people familiar with: slavery,
or owing to a master ( as in paying "interest") and carelessness born of
greed (as in gambling.)
I think there is a better chance of popular support for a movement that
simply calls for abolishing interest and gambling on moral basis than
analytical basis.
*" Why don't we see a grassroots movement to abolish financial gambling

@_date: 2009-02-28 12:28:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-Owned Public Peer Property 
============================== START ==============================
Are you saying there is not enough benefit from co-ownership to make
it worth these complexities?
Not at all. Co-ownership is a choice people should be able to make just like
any other choice.
But people should be able to decide between collective and individual choice
making or other types of choice making.
So I may choose individual choice fr one thing and collective choice for
another thing, even completely arbitrarily. It's my choice.
In the immaterial world of digital content, ownership has zero meaning.
Maybe that is because digital content is abundant and if open software
production (and open software as a product) is made sustainably abundant
(see one proposal on 'discussion tab' of the P2P Energy Economy wiki) then
we will get rid of ownership both explicit and implicit (the corporations
that fund free software production basically are the implicit owners, e.g.
Google and Firefox. Google even hired the top talent from Firefox team to
work on Chrome!!! so they can have even more control over the browser)
So we need to move toward systems that enable sustainable abundance as much
as possible. It's a uniting theme and one that makes a lot of sense
analytically and politically, although it's perceived as 'new age nonsense'
by most people who cannot think for themselves and are stuck to the idea
that scarcity is only natural, when in fact the biggest reasons for scarcity
are the way human economy is designed and the fact that everyone assumes
that it's the way it has to be. In other words, we're running against eons
of ingrained assumptions on the other side... So we need to simplify the
argument and recognize the paces where people are hurting (e.g. interest and
gambling) and start rallying people against those two 'evils' ... a moral
revolution not an intellectual one.

@_date: 2009-01-02 13:24:51
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sustainable Abundance: Distributed vs Decentralized 
This is in follow-up to a comment by Paul (OpenManufacturing.net) regarding
historical evidence against decentralized abundance.
Another disaster created in part by a direct focus on decentralization
happened in China in the late 1950s:
  "The Great Leap Forward is now widely seen ? both within China and outside ?
as a major economic failure and great humanitarian disaster with estimates
of the number of people who starved to death during this period ranging from
14 to 43 million."
When I was in college in the 1980s, one of the reasons the department
chairman of the Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering department there was
mostly unsympathetic to the idea of decentralization of industry was his
Chinese ancestry and dislike of what happened there (something I only really
understood much later).
So, one can point to several serious economic disasters which were related
to trying to promote prosperity by revolutionary means (education,
decentralization, the market) that each got a big part of the picture wrong
(respectively, schooling, terror, and kleptocracy).
It's ironic that as decentralized abundance gets easier, it seems to also
get more disproven as possible historically.  :-)
I'm just wondering how distributed (or virtually centralized, distributed)
version of sustainable abundance, and, more specifically, my version of it,
i.e.: 'predictive central inventory management + fair scheduling of
suppliers' (see latest Peer Bank
differs from the decentralized implementation of sustainable
abundance (other than the major difference between distribution and
I know the decentralized version of 'sustainable anything' is significantly
more complicated than the distributed (or virtually centralized) version,
but I also know that the decentralized version is workable in theory (I just
don't think it will be as efficient I don't think it will have any pragmatic
advantage over the distributed model)
I personally think that sustainable abundance (of energy or anything else)
can be done by virtually centralizing the automated and fair administration
of abundant resource sharing, using predictive inventory control & fair
scheduling algorithms, and I believe that it's probably all or or most of
what's needed as far as economic self-regulation goes in a P2P economy
(people may still commit crime but it's outside the scope of economic
self-regulation, which is the mechanism for sustaining abundance of a given
Why would decentralized abundance fail (fail to sustain itself) if there was
a proper self-regulation mechanism?
Feel free to cross post the reply or join the debate on the open
manufacturing list  (thread: Personal Open
Manufacturing Manual)

@_date: 2009-01-03 16:08:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] judging obama's policies 
*"It's astonishing that not one of the 23 senators or 133 House members who
voted against the war is in the mix."* We have to be careful how we think
about this. Because of our biological history, we tend to think of the
president as our father, or as the leader of a small tribe. Really he's like
the driver of a giant train with massive inertia and not a lot of options
for where it can go. I supported Obama because he's the best "driver" I have
ever seen, but the fact remains that the "train" is loaded with slaves and
nuclear warheads, and it's crushing baby pandas and headed for a cliff.
Well, I can say the same about my life, or I can snap out of that self-drawn
picture and adopt a new picture. However, the biggest problem here, IMO, is
the over-simplification provided by a convenient analogy. I think it's
dangerous to go down the path of idiocy (as Americans) and use analogies to
justify that.

@_date: 2009-01-06 01:04:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
IF the socioeconomic system were also
revised/reformed/evolved to be more equitable.  Right now, that AIN'T
going to happen.
Stan: I was waiting for someone to say this.
It ain't if we continue to look at the state as some kind of parent or sheep
But it can happen if we get our head out of our ass and start taking
responsibility for our existence.

@_date: 2009-01-06 02:30:22
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
I'm interested in building and experimenting with P2P-enabled economic
models and software for PC/mobile for implementing those models.
As you may know, right now I'm working on this model:
We've started specifying the simulation scenarios and the step after that is
to code the software
When people have a tool that works as advertised and does something
dramatically better they will use it.
We are building one such tool. And there will be many.

@_date: 2009-01-06 03:03:23
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Transition movement for finance 
The economic meltdown is our wakeup call and as such we should see it as a
gift from the universe.
Something has obviously gone very wrong with our culture.
To the extent that we move towards sustainability in our personal lives and
in our community we will be experiencing the least hardship. To the extent
that we move in the same direction we will be experiencing the most

@_date: 2009-01-06 04:02:38
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Transition movement for finance 
Thanks Nicholas
I will look at those efforts to educate myself on what has been done...
Will send you an invite to the simulation/game mailing list (it should say
"p2p money game" where 'game' refers to 'simulation as a game' not
See you there. We're just starting so this is a good time to have you.

@_date: 2009-01-06 20:47:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Summary of difference between P2P Theory and 
fyi ... leading to an 'Hybrid P2P' theory maybe?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hi Michel, Stefan,
Sorry about the information storm two days ago.
The difference between existing P2P theory (e.g. Michel's at P2P Foundation)
and the use of the P2P label in P2P Social Currency has been noted in the
text of the model very clearly right next to the (now more clearly stated)
Please see  and  and correct me if I'm off in any way:
*Model's Propositions*
1. Convert surplus energy, generated by peers and stored as common
inventory, to a new kind of currency (defined under this model as a
tokenizer of energy flows and the transient information associated with
those flows) having an absolute value in energy, which does not increase or
decrease over time.
2. Direct the flow of "money," as defined under this model (see: Model's
Axioms,) using the aforementioned new kind of currency, towards socially,
ecologically and environmentally intelligent producers of goods and
3. Enable a model of the economy where in order for peers to grow their
wealth (comparatively speaking) they have to share it (by lending their
money to others.) In other words, "the more you share, the more you have."
4. Enable sustainable abundance in P2P energy production through dynamic
inventory management and multi-source supplier scheduling.  *<--- This is a
"market mechanism" (i.e. demand/supply matching) that is not allowed or is
not yet recognized under existing P2P theories.*
5. Assure an optimum distribution of energy (in both tokenized and
non-tokenized form, i.e. as currency and electric current) throughout the
economy so as to maximize sustainable economic growth.  *<--- this is done
via a 'tit for tat' exchange between peers in the context of a 'generalized
exchange' of energy (see P2P Social Currency vs Existing
It is not allowed or not yet recognized under existing P2P theories.*

@_date: 2009-01-07 18:37:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Minimizing demand/supply mismatches in P2P networks 
"The problem of minimizing demand/supply mismatches between peers in a P2P
network, whether it's demand/supply for energy or bandwidth, is that we end
up with a nonconvex continuous optimization problem. Several
numerical/heuristic approaches exist, including particle swarm optimization
(incl. thermodynamic variant.) However, they are not designed for real-time
optimization because the search space is usually huge and there are many
local optima (suboptimal solutions) which cannot be known beforehand, which
makes it unlikely to find the global optimum in real-time regardless of
number of initial guesses and speed (assuming finite speed computation.)
To simplify the problem of minimizing electric energy supply/demand
mismatches in a P2P network, P2P Bank, which is a virtually centralized,
physically distributed process) is created in order to serializes all inputs
and outputs so that all rain drops gather in one spot (P2P Bank inventory
acts as a funnel) as opposed to rain drops gathering in many different spots
depending on where each rain drop falls (i.e. all initial guesses for the
optimization algorithm lead to the same globally optimal solution.) In other
words, the problem is converted to a convex optimization problem."
More at:   v1.14.0

@_date: 2009-01-12 12:25:17
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is this the open social graph we have been 
Bryan re-iterates a good and increasingly popular point regarding the idea
of users having authority over access to their OWN data as opposed to
commercial interests using that data for profit, which will always happen,
one way or another, unless the user is the gatekeeper to their own data.
My own somewhat unique view on the social data debate has been that we need
an encrypted Social ID card that is purchased blank from Staples or WalMart
and populated by the user with their social graph. The card would be much
like the electronic cards that companies give their employees to access
their VPN (virtual private network.)
It's been my view that services like Facebook, GoogleConnect, MySpace, and
all services requiring user data must authorize with the USER (the owners of
the data) and be granted access by the user. Currently the plastic ID cards
we have for functioning within society have nothing to do with the online
world, and that is a good thing, yet there is an increasing need to have an
secure Social ID card that lists our name, as we choose it (i.e. actual,
alias, nick, etc), and all our relationships that also contains our
authentication info (like a global ID) and that can be used just like
current VPN secure access cards.
No company on earth should hold information about my social graph (no matter
how open) and once I own my social graph and have it go everywhere with me
(with backup of encrypted data on my PC) I may even charge services like
Facebook for accessing it. Like wise I could store all the pages I visited
(optional, you don't have to) and charge advertisers for accessing that info
on my Social ID card so that they can give me targetted advertising for
which they make money. RIght now Google is literally STEALING that data from
users by having users consent to it without telling the users that Google
actually PROFITS from that data. Facebook also profits from having my social
graph data and that of 100 million other users. If users pull their data out
and put it on a secure Social ID card then Facebook et al would have to
share the profits with the users!!!! whereas the bastards are making
hundreds of millions off of user data.
When it comes to product/process data for peers-as-prosumers (production
inputs and outputs, including energy use, byproducts, ingredients/BoM,
environmental footprint, etc) that is 'common data' that should be in some
open always-accessible, i.e. if I make some software application or food
product I need to release all metadata for that product into some open
But I myself is not a product. I have the right to own my own social (and
other) data. I generate data through life (e.g. relationships, websites
visited, interest, purchases, etc) and I should be the one to profit from
that data, not Facebook or Google who turn around and sell it for hard cold
cash, without even having the decency to share the profit with me the
generator of that data and its owner. It's theft by mass ignorance.
my 2 joule tokens

@_date: 2009-01-12 13:48:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is this the open social graph we have been 
Aha! but the fact is that my personal data GROWS and GROWS and GROWS
I add friends every day (or every other month in my case)
I visit new websites
I make new purchases
I reinforce certain relationships (between various data I've generated not
just between me and my friends)
I do many things that update my personal data on daily basis that is of use
to advertisers in better targeting their ads and of use to social networking
services in better connecting me with my 'friends'
This constant update and constant change to the data is what I can monetize
(or tokenize as an exchange in whatever currency)
In other words, what I own is the 'change' in my data, which I can release
on daily basis for say $1 (a day) to 30 different services who now get it
all for free. That's $30 a day or $900/mo.
Plenty of change is due in the way the 'web' works, and it's due now
What better time to make such radical morphological changes than when the
biggest players are tightening their belts and hunkering down in their
established structure

@_date: 2009-01-14 14:10:01
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Persistence of Manipulative/Controlling Power 
Hi all,
Just wanted to update you on the latest views emerging from P2P Energy
Economy  debate.
This, being an evolving attempt to build a better -yet inclusive- model of
the economy, may or or may not be fully congruent with any
established/entrenched views and it may contain quite a few blind spots,
depending on your viewing angle.
 *
Persistence of Manipulative/Controlling Power Due To Scarcity*
The concept of 'appreciable assets' (or assets that appreciate over time) is
incongruent with the concept of the abundance-based economy defined here.
For example, assuming the current economic system does not exist, a farm
land or a piece of real estate should, under the model defined here, always
be worth the net energy it generates in joule tokens over the lease term. So
the land would be owned by all (or the community) and leased to different
physical users (e.g. hospital, school, factory, household, etc.)
However, given the fact that land and appreciable assets in general are
scarce, there is also a manipulative logic that comes from competition for
scarce things and that factors into the price of all things scarce.
The concept of interest (or the time value of money) is also incongruent
with the abundance-based economic model defined here.
However, people can still gain manipulative power by acquiring scarce assets
(which is not what this model recommends but is not readily preventable) or
by building bigger and bigger production capacities for goods and services.
When it comes to the latter the sustainable maximum size of such capacity
cannot be more than needed to meet existing demand, so no one person's power
can be bigger than the collective power of the community (who collectively
determine the level of demand from a given producer.) Nevertheless, the
community can be fooled into empowering one peer in particular (e.g. due to
that peer's better-quality products/services and better support for social,
ecological and environmental causes.) Such behavior can be remedied through
raising awareness in the community or enforcing anti-trust rules in Lender
Credits, by having an automatic freeze of the peer's lender credit, invoked
when the peer crosses a certain relative-market-share threshold.
Therefore, it is expected that some peers will want to gain in manipulative
power through the acquisition of things that are scare, e.g. gold, land,
real estate, famous art pieces, etc.
Since scarce things (e.g. land) are more efficiently traded using a
scarcity-based currency, e.g. US dollars, the abundance based economy
defined here (the programmable virtual joule token + lender/borrower
credits,) which is model based on higher principles, applies only in a weak
fashion, e.g. for those peers who put principles ahead of their instinct to
manipulate and control.
Trying to find control with control or manipulation with manipulation is an
endless battle.
For example, forcing community ownership of all land in a community to
enable a leasing model for land that is based on the net energy the land is
able to generate, as opposed to an ownership model that is based on the
scarcity of good location, scarcity of good land, and scarcity of land in
general, i.e. a model where peers use manipulative logic in setting prices
for land, is not possible since any peer can go and purchase land right next
to the community border and build a major shopping mall. This model is not
about building an isolated community. If it's to work it must work with (or
in spite of) the scarcity based model that surrounds it and that exists at a
layer below it.
Until the concept of scarcity itself becomes history, the abundance-based
economic model defined here must co-exist with the current scarcity-based
economic model, in such a way as to train people to abandon scarcity based
manipulative behavior and adopt the "more you share, the more you have"
logic of this model.
*Joule Tokens as 'Complementary Currency'*
A very important thing to note about the affinity matrix is that it is used
by buyers to distinguish between producers by the type of currency they
support, which is two types: joule tokens or other currency. The idea is
that consumers will buy more from producers that support joule tokens.
The Affinity Matrix is usable with the existing currency, e.g. US dollars
(circa 2009-nnnn,) but it was designed to be used with the currency defined
under this model, which is, namely, the virtual joule token. Using it with
the existing currency is like using scaffolding to keep an old building
standing. By contrast, the combination of virtual joule tokens and the
Affinity Matrix is like having a brand new building with a much better
There are ways peers will price and trade things under this model:
1. People will price/trade most goods and services (all that can be made
abundantly) using joule tokens, based on the energy it costs to produce them
and transport them to the consumer. 2. People will price/trade most scarce
things (e.g. land, gold, real estate, famous art works, etc) using the
existing currency, e.g. US dollars, as scarce things are more efficiently
priced using scarcity-based currency.
Buying/consuming peers can use the Affinity Matrix to avoid purchases (of
goods and services) from those producing/selling peers who demand use of the
existing scarcity-based currency, e.g. US dollars.
Also added the following under *Model's Limits*:
This model does not attempt to enforce any rule that cannot be fully
If you'd like to help shape these views as they evolve, as several of you
have done (really appreciate it) then please try to re-scan the updated
model description first R1.33.0:
Thanks for all and any contribution to the ongoing debate.
This model evolves by being open to instability (or revising its own

@_date: 2009-01-14 20:29:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The War on (Somali) Pirates... and Italian Mafia 
There are two sides to this story.
The first side as about pirates having an egalitarian culture, which makes
sense to me if you think of content pirates today. That's the part that
relates to P2P.
The other  side of the story is about people who manage hospitals, factories
(somewhere in Europe it's alleged) making deals with Italian mafia to
dispose off nuclear waste and toxic material cheaply.
It's hard to tell if it's a true account but I thought I'd pass it on
because of it's interesting context.
"Pirates were the first people to rebel against this world. They mutinied
against their tyrannical captains - and created a different way of working
on the seas. Once they had a ship, the pirates elected their captains, and
made all their decisions collectively. They shared their bounty out in what
Rediker calls "one of the most egalitarian plans for the disposition of
resources to be found anywhere in the eighteenth century." They even took in
escaped African slaves and lived with them as equals. The pirates showed
"quite clearly - and subversively - that ships did not have to be run in the
brutal and oppressive ways of the merchant service and the Royal navy." This
is why they were popular, despite being unproductive thieves."
"In 1991, the government of Somalia - in the Horn of Africa - collapsed. Its
nine million people have been teetering on starvation ever since - and many
of the ugliest forces in the Western world have seen this as a great
opportunity to steal the country's food supply and dump our nuclear waste in
their seas. Yes: nuclear waste. As soon as the government was gone,
mysterious European ships started appearing off the coast of Somalia,
dumping vast barrels into the ocean. The coastal population began to sicken.
At first they suffered strange rashes, nausea and malformed babies. Then,
after the 2005 tsunami, hundreds of the dumped and leaking barrels washed up
on shore. People began to suffer from radiation sickness, and more than 300
died. Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah, the UN envoy to Somalia, tells me: "Somebody is
dumping nuclear material here. There is also lead, and heavy metals such as
cadmium and mercury - you name it." Much of it can be traced back to
European hospitals and factories, who seem to be passing it on to the
Italian mafia to "dispose" of cheaply. "
By Johann Hari, The London Independent (newspaper)

@_date: 2009-01-15 14:18:23
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] My "Citizen's Briefing" at 
If you can get these guys ( to
publish your Industrial Policy paper then you might get a lot more bang for
the buck.
What Obama will do as far as economic policy can be somewhat predicted based
on his advisors' thinking.
One of his top advisers just released a policy change proposal:
It's a shame that a proposal to change the economy cannot be distributed for
free (they're charging $49)
On Thu, Jan 15, 2009 at 1:26 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-01-16 10:04:10
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Trading at Cost" with joule tokens 
Here is one reason why it's practically impossible to trade at cost using
the existing money:
<<"In the existing system, it's practically impossible to calculate an
absolute cost because the existing currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc)
itself is relatively valued and changes in value over time due to inflation,
amount of currency in circulation, international trade imbalances, borrowing
by governments, and many other reasons. ">>
It's basically taking Patrick push for trading at cost and give it a natural
context by reframing cost as 'average cost in energy' (an absolute value)
used for producing and delivering a product.
There is also some analysis of how the existing currency actually "enforces"
<<"The existing currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc) is part of the
model that has let scarcity persist and grow. By directing more and more
money into scarce resources (due to ability for sellers to set arbitrarily
high prices in response to demand for such scarce resource) rather directing
more and more money into solving the circumstances that cause scarcity, and
by deriving its value from its scarcity rather than from its utility, the
existing currency is fully complicit in the enforcement of scarcity.">>
The following use case provides a real-life (or specific) example of what
trading at cost means:
<<"Use Case 1-01
A person (let's call him Tom) who puts 10M joules into producing some
product (let's call it XYZ) will get that energy back not from the person
who buys the product (let's call him John), who actually pays Tom 1,000
virtual joule tokens for the product (where each virtual joule token is
10,000 joules,) but from the person who makes the food that Tom consumes
and/or from the person who provides entertainment that makes life livable
for Tom and/or from whatever producer of goods and services that makes the
enables (or helps to enable) sustainable production of XYZ by Tom, and this
amounts to a generalized exchange of energy (or outflow/inflow loop) between
Tom and the entire community, not between Tom and John directly.
In other words, the tit for tat exchange between Tom and John is done in the
context of supporting a generalized exchange of energy (as tokens) between
each peer and the community as a whole.
You may then wonder what's the difference between this model and the
existing model, given the latter does the same?
In this case, John pays, in joule tokens, the average cost in energy it
takes to produce and deliver the product to John. Tom gets back, in joule
tokens, the average cost in energy it took him to produce and deliver the
product (including the actual work energy.) In other words, the price does
not depend on the features or benefits the product has. What matters is that
Tom made it and wants to give it to the world without starving himself.
That's why artists give away music, or why software developers make free and
open source software. It's the creative impulse that exists within all of
us. What this model allows that the current does not is for John to give
back Tom the average energy Tom put into producing and delivering the
product to John. This means that Tom does not make a profit, but he will not
starve due to giving things for free.
In the existing system, it's impossible to calculate an absolute cost
because the existing currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc) itself is
relatively valued and changes in value over time due to inflation, amount of
currency in circulation, international trade imbalances, borrowing by
governments, and many other reasons.
Thus, this use case (or example) demonstrates the benefit of the first
proposition of this model (see: Model's Propositions, also stated in parent
section.)" >>
There has also been an important realization:
<<"It is expected that 'circumstantially scarce' goods (e.g. out of season
fruit) and services (e.g. vanity services, legal services, creative
services) and assets (e.g. land) will continue to be priced using the
existing scarcity-enforcing currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc), which
causes the emergence of manipulative/controlling power (due to competition
for scarce resources) in those scarcity driven markets. However, this
problem is not fully resolvable by this model. It is hoped that the
circumstances that cause scarcity are eliminated, one by one, by
technological progress.
In this sense, the currency defined under this model, i.e. the programmable
virtual joule token, can be viewed as a complementary currency whose purpose
is to train society to move toward an abundance-based model of existence."
Overall, the model has seen dramatic changes in the positive direction of
sustainable abundance (beyond just for energy production) and away from
ingrained patterns of scarcity and the manipulative/controlling behavior
that comes with scarcity.
The latest revised/evolved model is at:
I know there will be some disagreement as to whether the "Price Registry"
model of collective price-setting-at-cost (cost of energy) is realistic or
not but that's what we will be experimenting with in our simulation of this
For more on the simulation work, feel free to visit or signup to
Thanks again for all the feedback and help.

@_date: 2009-01-16 10:24:14
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Trading at Cost" with joule tokens 
The line under Use Case 1-01 (Trading at Cost of Energy) should read:
"In other words, the tit for tat exchange between Tom and John is done in
the context of supporting a generalized exchange of energy *for good and
services (using* tokens) between each peer and the community as a whole."
fixed in model's description

@_date: 2009-01-16 14:18:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source infefficiencies wiki page 
Just wanted to say that I believe that in principle the key high-level
ideals/ideas in Patrick's usership model, and specifically "trading at
cost," can be implemented on top of the P2P Energy Currency.
What we used to do in the telecommunications industry (e.g. TMF model) is to
stack up the various models and present them in one vision. Some models are
low level and others are high level and some in between/both.
I should read the other models, besides Patrick's, but I wanted to forecast
that it is possible in some potential future to see these model reconcile
around some principles and fall into separate layers within one general

@_date: 2009-01-16 21:42:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] IPv6 point-to-point tunneling: a major bonus for P2P 
Hi Michel,
Let me know if no one has blogged this, so I can go blog it on P2Pf.
One of the hardest things (for a developer) making a new P2P application is
having to deal with the inexact science of TCP/IP NAT traversal (which works
only 50% of the time or less, depending on the NAT hardware), UDP hole
punching (which does not work with Symmetric NAT used by business users and
which leaves developers having to develop their own secure, reliable UDP
based protocol or isolate the transport code from open source,
application-specific UDP protocols like this
Azureus) or use UPnP (and the Mac OS X equavelant) which presents a
major secuirty risk to users. Skype, BitTorrent and all P2P apps that use a
direct PC-to-PC connection over the Internet have their own reliable, secure
UDP based transport.
I just realized today that with IPv6 there is built-in support for
point-to-point tunneling (via NAT) over TCP (which is already a reliable
protocol and can be used with SSL etc for securing communication) which
means it solves the P2P connectivity since all IPv6 networking hardware must
support it by default.
I know I may be late to catch up with this fact about IPv6, especially since
I (or rather my former team) spent quite a bit of time last year trying to
build reliable, secure UDP protocol for a P2P application), but I think that
by 2010 the US will have began to move to IPv6 on substantial scale.
I am also wondering if there is some anti-P2P politics going on that are
hindering IPv6 adoption in the US, or it's just the expected inertia of
hundreds of millions (or billions) of IPv4 network nodes that would have to
be upgraded...
In any case, IPv6 would be a major boon to P2P application development.

@_date: 2009-01-17 09:36:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] "Trading at 
If it takes Jill 5MJ to grow the same quantity of apples that take Tom 10MJ
then Jill is an outlier as far as energy conservation, which means that she
had put energy/money into acquiring or building more efficient energy
production, so what would seem like 5MJ in profit relative to Tom is in fact
a recouping of her continuous investment in more efficient energy
Let's say there are 3,000 small-scale apple growers in a given community.
They all use demand-matched, predictive inventory, so they never produce
more than is in demand. That's covered in the last paragraph of Price
Registry in the model's description:
"In order for producers to minimize their losses, they must adopt a model of
sustainable abundance in their production, which involves using renewable
energy and renewable resources as well as a predictive inventory to match
supply to demand to eliminate loss to themselves due to over-production. "
Those 3,000 apple growers submit their joule estimates for growing an apple,
using certain easy to understand (multiple choice) settings (e.g. do they
hand pick or machine pick the apples, do they carry the apples to market on
donkey or by truck, how costly is their irrigation method, etc) built into
the estimation software.
The average or median from all cost submissions (by those 3,000 growers)
becomes the "cost" in Price Registry for apples.
I can work out the detailed model for collective price setting so that it's
realistic as well as practical.
The key thing here is that the joule tokens have an absolute value in energy
(spent) whereas the existing currency does not. Therefore, we have something
different here and it's possible thru the use of simple statistics to figure
out how collective price setting would work.
This is what we will test during the simulation...
People are not animals to be fed to lay their eggs or produce milk. People
need a sense of fairness and appreciation. If I spend 500MJ making something
that I would like to give to the world then I better get that 500MJ back
somehow (most efficient way is direct exchange) and if I'm paid back 600MJ
or 350MJ then I will have an idea if I'm producing the thing efficiently or
inefficiently, so this model promotes more and more efficiency, not more and
more scarcity.
I'll add these arguments to the Price Registry section later today.
You can find the whole model description here:

@_date: 2009-01-17 10:30:09
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] "Trading at 
Updated and open to further arguments...
Price Registry*
The existing currency, e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc, is based on a model
that permits the emergence of manipulative/controlling power, which the
model defined here (as a whole) is designed to unravel. In other words, it
doesn't help (and it may hurt) to direct money to a socially, ecologically,
and environmentally intelligent producer of good and services who is also
maintaining manipulative/controlling power through the existing monetary
system, which permits such behavior.
For example, a product that is priced using the existing currency may cost
$1.00 (US Dollar) to produce but may be sold by its producer for $0.50 with
the purpose of killing off competition, i.e. dumping below cost. Once a
market player has the market to themselves (i.e. once they control the
market for a given product) they can increase prices significantly above
cost, thus creating artificial scarcity and gaining power over the consumer.
While there can be more than one player that can afford to play this game,
the very fact that they'd need an existing disposable revenue stream to
support such behavior tells us that this kind of dynamic is intended to
concentrate power in the hands of those who are willing and able to play the
game. In other words, the existing international currency (e.g. US dollar,
euro, yen, etc) is designed (based on an antiquated model) to allow
manipulative/controlling power to emerge.
In contrast, with the currency defined under this model, i.e. the virtual
joule tokens, there is no such thing as "setting a price." That is because
every good and service is priced based on the average energy it takes to
produce and deliver it to the consumer. This works by having each producer
submit the energy cost for their product/service to some Price Registry,
which are verifiable by all peers, and taking the average for, e.g., all
apples.) So an apple will cost 1/5 joule token (assuming joule token =
10,000 joules) if it takes 2,000 joules on average to produce and deliver an
apple to the consumer. If there is an ice storm that reduces an apple
producer's output the producer will sell less apples at the same price, not
a higher price, i.e. the producer absorbs all losses. This is possible
because all transactions for products priced in joule tokens are done via
the P2P browser (see: Model's Context) where the price of a good or service
is given by the Price Registry not the producer (with all producers feeding
prices into the registry, in an open and audit-able manner, based on the
cost in energy for producing the given good or service, where the average of
those prices is what the consumer sees.)
In order for producers to minimize their losses, they must adopt a model of
sustainable abundance in their production, which involves using renewable
energy and renewable resources as well as a predictive inventory to match
supply to demand to eliminate loss to themselves due to over-production.
To put things into context, using a specific example, let's assume there are
3,000 small-scale apple growers in a given community and they all use
demand-matched, predictive inventory, so they never produce more than is in
Those 3,000 apple growers submit their joule estimates for growing an apple
to Price Registry, using certain easy to understand (multiple choice)
settings (e.g. do they hand pick or machine pick the apples, do they carry
the apples to market on donkey or by truck, how costly is their irrigation
method, etc) built into the estimation software.
The average or median from all cost submissions (by those 3,000 growers)
becomes the "cost" in Price Registry for apples.
We can work out the detailed model for collective price setting that's
realistic as well as practical.
The key thing here is that the joule tokens have an absolute value in energy
(spent) whereas the existing currency does not. Therefore, we have something
different here and it's possible through the use of simple statistics to
figure out how collective price setting would work.
This is what we will test during the simulation.
If a given peer spends 500MJ making something that they would like to give
to the world then they better get that 500MJ back somehow or they will
eventually starve (and the most efficient way is through direct exchange.)
If they're paid back 600MJ or 350MJ then they will have an idea if they're
producing the thing efficiently or inefficiently.
In this way, the use of joule tokens promotes (or direct money into) more
and more efficiency, not more and more scarcity (as with the existing
People are not animals to be fed to lay their eggs or produce milk. People
need a sense of fairness and appreciation for their work and individual
If Jill (from the above-stated example) puts her energy into making her
production more efficient then that's creativity (or work) to be rewarded
with the margin in energy she saves that she gets back from the difference
in her cost and the collectively set price for apples.
Furthermore, if Jill puts her energy into growing the type of apples that is
most in demand (i.e. feature selection) then she's to be rewarded with
higher volume of sale (which also depends on her Lender Credits.)
So, as we can see, the use of joule tokens to exchange things without
starving and in an efficient way, i.e. Jill gives her apple to the consumers
and gets back in energy what she put in, while also being rewarded for her
work and creativity (or individual choices), makes a whole lot of sense
compared to using the existing scarcity-enforcing currency, where Jill would
have to price her product based on demand (thus raising prices for what's in
demand and creating relative artificial scarcity) and she can't recoup her
investment in more efficient production against other producers who produce
the same product less efficiently.
Please also see the full model description:

@_date: 2009-01-17 13:43:26
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] "Trading at 
Final update (for the day) re: the argument for "Trading At Cost with Joule
*Price Registry*  //  "The existing currency, e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc, is based on a model
that permits the emergence of manipulative/controlling power, which the
model defined here (as a whole) is designed to unravel. In other words, it
doesn't help (and it may hurt) to direct money to a socially, ecologically,
and environmentally intelligent producer of good and services who is also
maintaining manipulative/controlling power through the existing monetary
system, which permits such behavior.
For example, a product that is priced using the existing currency may cost
$1.00 (US Dollar) to produce but may be sold by its producer for $0.50 with
the purpose of killing off competition, i.e. dumping below cost. Once a
market player has the market to themselves (i.e. once they control the
market for a given product) they can increase prices significantly above
cost, thus creating artificial scarcity and gaining power over the consumer.
While there can be more than one player that can afford to play this game,
the very fact that they'd need an existing disposable revenue stream to
support such behavior tells us that this kind of dynamic is intended to
concentrate power in the hands of those who are willing and able to play the
game. In other words, the existing international currency (e.g. US dollar,
euro, yen, etc) is designed (based on an antiquated model) to allow
manipulative/controlling power to emerge.
In contrast, with the currency defined under this model, i.e. the virtual
joule tokens, there is no such thing as individuals setting a price for
goods and services. That is because every good and service is priced based
on the median in energy it takes to produce and deliver it to the consumer.
This works by having each producer submit the energy cost for their
product/service to some Price Registry, which are verifiable by all peers,
and taking the median for, e.g., all apples.) So an apple will cost 1/5
joule token (assuming joule token = 10,000 joules) if the median cost in
energy for producing and delivering an apply to the consumer is 2,000
joules. If there is an ice storm that reduces an apple producer's output the
producer will sell less apples at the same price, not a higher price, i.e.
the producer absorbs all losses. So in order for producers to minimize their
losses, they must adopt a model of sustainable abundance in their
production, which involves using renewable energy and renewable resources as
well as a predictive inventory to match supply to demand to eliminate loss
to themselves due to over-production.
This fixed-price model for goods and services is possible because all
transactions for goods and services that are traded using joule tokens,
which are, namely, non-scarce goods and services (i.e. those can be produced
in a sustainably abundant way,) are done via a P2P browser (see: Model's
Context,) where the price of a good or service is accessible through the
Price Registry.
To put things into context, using a specific example, let's assume there are
3,000 small-scale apple growers in a given community and they all use
demand-matched, predictive inventory, so they never produce more than is in
Those 3,000 apple growers submit their energy cost estimates for growing an
apple to the Price Registry, using an easy to understand (multiple choice)
calculation method, e.g. do they hand pick or machine pick the apples, do
they carry the apples to market on donkey or by truck, how costly is their
irrigation method, etc. The estimation software is built into the P2P
browser and includes update-able 'energy cost models' for all goods and
services that can be produced and delivered in a sustainably abundant way.
The median of all cost submissions (by those 3,000 apple growers) becomes
the "cost" for apples in the Price Registry. We can work out the detailed
model for collective price setting (based on such software-aided cost
submissions) that's realistic as well as practical, and it can include peer
auditing and updates (e.g. update the model for pricing apples with reduced
cost factors when the production of apples becomes generally more
The key thing here is that the joule tokens have an absolute value in energy
(spent) whereas the existing currency does not. Therefore, we have something
different here and it's possible through the use of simple statistics to
figure out how collective price setting would work.
This is what we will test during the simulation.
If a given peer spends 500MJ making something that they would like to give
to the world then they better get that 500MJ back somehow or they will
eventually starve (and the most efficient way is through direct exchange.)
If they're paid back 600MJ or 350MJ then they will have an idea if they're
producing the thing efficiently or inefficiently.
In this way, the use of joule tokens promotes (or direct money into) more
and more efficiency, not more and more scarcity (as with the existing
People are not animals to be fed to lay their eggs or produce milk. People
need a sense of fairness and appreciation for their work and individual
If Jill (from the above-stated example) puts her energy into making her
production more efficient then that's creativity (or work) to be rewarded
with the margin in energy she saves that she gets back from the difference
in her cost and the collectively set price for apples.
Furthermore, if Jill puts her energy into growing the type of apples that is
most in demand (i.e. feature selection) then she's to be rewarded with
higher volume of sale (which also depends on her Lender Credits.)
So, as we can see, the use of joule tokens to exchange things without
starving and in an efficient way, i.e. Jill gives her apple to the consumers
and gets back in energy what she put in, while also being rewarded for her
work and creativity (or individual choices), makes a whole lot of sense
compared to using the existing scarcity-enforcing currency, where Jill would
have to price her product based on demand (thus raising prices for what's in
demand and creating relative artificial scarcity) and she can't recoup her
investment in more efficient production against other producers who produce
the same product less efficiently.
For goods and services that are new (e.g. new inventions, new product
categories,) the existing scarcity-enforcing currency will be used until
those goods and services become more widely available (not to be confused
with sustainably abundant) at which point the energy cost estimation
software will be updated with energy cost models for those goods and
services and the producers of those goods and services will be asked to use
the software to submit their energy cost estimates, which are then used to
set the price, based on the median energy cost."
that permits the emergence of manipulative/controlling power, which the
model defined here (as a whole) is designed to unravel. In other words, it
doesn't help (and it may hurt) to direct money to a socially, ecologically,
and environmentally intelligent producer of good and services who is also
maintaining manipulative/controlling power through the existing monetary
system, which permits such behavior.
$1.00 (US Dollar) to produce but may be sold by its producer for $0.50 with
the purpose of killing off competition, i.e. dumping below cost. Once a
market player has the market to themselves (i.e. once they control the
market for a given product) they can increase prices significantly above
cost, thus creating artificial scarcity and gaining power over the consumer.
While there can be more than one player that can afford to play this game,
the very fact that they'd need an existing disposable revenue stream to
support such behavior tells us that this kind of dynamic is intended to
concentrate power in the hands of those who are willing and able to play the
game. In other words, the existing international currency (e.g. US dollar,
euro, yen, etc) is designed (based on an antiquated model) to allow
manipulative/controlling power to emerge.
joule tokens, there is no such thing as "setting a price." That is because
every good and service is priced based on the average energy it takes to
produce and deliver it to the consumer. This works by having each producer
submit the energy cost for their product/service to some Price Registry,
which are verifiable by all peers, and taking the average for, e.g., all
apples.) So an apple will cost 1/5 joule token (assuming joule token =
10,000 joules) if it takes 2,000 joules on average to produce and deliver an
apple to the consumer. If there is an ice storm that reduces an apple
producer's output the producer will sell less apples at the same price, not
a higher price, i.e. the producer absorbs all losses. This is possible
because all transactions for products priced in joule tokens are done via
the P2P browser (see: Model's Context) where the price of a good or service
is given by the Price Registry not the producer (with all producers feeding
prices into the registry, in an open and audit-able manner, based on the
cost in energy for producing the given good or service, where the average of
those prices is what the consumer sees.)
of sustainable abundance in their production, which involves using renewable
energy and renewable resources as well as a predictive inventory to match
supply to demand to eliminate loss to themselves due to over-production.
are 3,000 small-scale apple growers in a given community and they all use
demand-matched, predictive inventory, so they never produce more than is in
apple to Price Registry, using certain easy to understand (multiple choice)
settings (e.g. do they hand pick or machine pick the apples, do they carry
the apples to market on donkey or by truck, how costly is their irrigation
method, etc) built into the estimation software.
becomes the "cost" in Price Registry for apples.
realistic as well as practical.
energy (spent) whereas the existing currency does not. Therefore, we have
something different here and it's possible through the use of simple
statistics to figure out how collective price setting would work.
to the world then they better get that 500MJ back somehow or they will
eventually starve (and the most efficient way is through direct exchange.)
If they're paid back 600MJ or 350MJ then they will have an idea if they're
producing the thing efficiently or inefficiently.
and more efficiency, not more and more scarcity (as with the existing
need a sense of fairness and appreciation for their work and individual
production more efficient then that's creativity (or work) to be rewarded
with the margin in energy she saves that she gets back from the difference
in her cost and the collectively set price for apples.
is most in demand (i.e. feature selection) then she's to be rewarded with
higher volume of sale (which also depends on her Lender Credits.)
starving and in an efficient way, i.e. Jill gives her apple to the consumers
and gets back in energy what she put in, while also being rewarded for her
work and creativity (or individual choices), makes a whole lot of sense
compared to using the existing scarcity-enforcing currency, where Jill would
have to price her product based on demand (thus raising prices for what's in
demand and creating relative artificial scarcity) and she can't recoup her
investment in more efficient production against other producers who produce
the same product less efficiently.
10MJ then Jill is an outlier as far as energy conservation, which means that
she had put energy/money into acquiring or building more efficient energy
production, so what would seem like 5MJ in profit relative to Tom is in fact
a recouping of her continuous investment in more efficient energy
more than is in demand. That's covered in the last paragraph of Price
Registry in the model's description:
of sustainable abundance in their production, which involves using renewable
energy and renewable resources as well as a predictive inventory to match
supply to demand to eliminate loss to themselves due to over-production. "
apple, using certain easy to understand (multiple choice) settings (e.g. do
they hand pick or machine pick the apples, do they carry the apples to
market on donkey or by truck, how costly is their irrigation method, etc)
built into the estimation software.
becomes the "cost" in Price Registry for apples.
it's realistic as well as practical.
energy (spent) whereas the existing currency does not. Therefore, we have
something different here and it's possible thru the use of simple statistics
to figure out how collective price setting would work.
People need a sense of fairness and appreciation. If I spend 500MJ making
something that I would like to give to the world then I better get that
500MJ back somehow (most efficient way is direct exchange) and if I'm paid
back 600MJ or 350MJ then I will have an idea if I'm producing the thing
efficiently or inefficiently, so this model promotes more and more
efficiency, not more and more scarcity.
Groups "Open Manufacturing" group.
openmanufacturing+unsubscribe at googlegroups.com

@_date: 2009-01-18 10:26:22
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Yi-Tan Tech Community Call 214 - The Meaning of 
I would be interested in discussing IPv6 built-in point-to-point tunneling
over TCP/IP (for PCs and mobile devices) as it relates to P2P Cloud ...
I view the centralized cloud as a sham: a ploy to concentrate power in the
hands of companies that can afford to have massive data centers, like
Google, Amazon, MS, etc ...
Currently P2P cloud is only possible on non-mobile devices via UDP hole
punching (and reliable UDP, e.g. see Azureus DHT, Skype, etc, and uTorrent
which I believe now uses UDP as a file transfer protocol not just for DHT)
On mobile devices the carrier's gateway only let in TCP traffic so it's
impossible to have a P2P Cloud at the moment, and it's the last reason in my
drawer for why centrally owned clouds should exist (e.g. Dean's idea for
offloading mobile processing to personal cloud in a data center,) but with
IPv6 it is possible to have a P2P Cloud for both PCs and mobile devices.

@_date: 2009-01-18 11:27:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Yi-Tan Tech Community Call 214 - The Meaning of 
On Big Business Clouds and the People's Clouds...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
OK, I'll try my best as far as making the conference call
I just want to note that there is nothing wrong with "centralization" in and
by itself as an architectural pattern. For example, unlike the starfish, our
brain is placed centrally in our skull, not distributed throughout our body
(the nervous system is another story.) So from an architectural point of
view both centralization and decentralization have their uses.
But what I'm frustrated about is the "centralization of power" or
"concentration of power" in the sense that we have less and less power over
the hardware and software that runs in the cloud and that we have less power
in case of legal disputes or granting of illegal access to our data (e.g.
NSA wiretapping)
The other day I wanted to write a test app in Python 3.0 on Google App
engine to examine Python 3.0's performance and new syntax etc. With the
Google app engine, I did not have the 'power' to do that. A whole bunch of
us would have to 'beg' Google (or petition them as a crowd) to support
Python 3.0. That's a loss of individual choice. The other and bigger issue
is that Google now employs on full-time salary Python's creator and
maintainer. So Python as a language is now in sync with Google's strategy
not disruptive of it, i.e. more control for Google and less for the
developers (I can cite many things they've omitted from Python for security
reasons that actually come across as business model control measures, not
security measures)
When it comes to Amazon, I find the model to be very liberal and empowering.
However, it also puts ultimate power in the hands of someone else. So as
developers (speaking for myself and other developers,) we trade freedom for
convenience. It's definitely a legitimate product/service, much like the
electric utility companies. However, that's exactly my concern. We're moving
to SmartGrid architecture that enables the consumers to pump surplus locally
generated energy back into the grid, i.e. a cooperative architecture moving
closer and closer to P2P empowerment and farther and farther from
concentrated power. If that's happening in the energy grid, why can't the
same be happening in the information grid?
Once individuals own the means to production, including the production of
energy, we have the means to move towards a peer production based
society/economy, where simple regulation mechanisms would allow power to
belong to the whole (all peers own power collectively, and no single party
has manipulative/controlling power over the whole.)
For such a P2P world order, please feel free to browse the much-more evolved
latest version of P2P Energy
It does not talk about the information grid, only the power grid, but it
assumes from the start that the information grid is fully decentralized. And
this starting assumption is about the existence of a P2P Cloud, for both
energy and information, not a centralized cloud for energy/information.  You
can think of the current DumbGrid as a centralized cloud for energy
production, since utility networks have many production nodes within, i.e.
they are distributed if not exactly 'cloud' like. And I think SmartGrid is
aiming at a distributed grid, and ultimately a decentralized grid.
I apologize if this is too intensely focused on personal freedom and not
enough on convenience but I find that convenience often eats away at our
personal freedom, so I tend to promote sustainable personal freedom over
convenience that becomes laziness that becomes dependence.

@_date: 2009-01-18 11:48:47
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People's Clouds vs Big Business Clouds 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
To be more clear re: the ending note "dependence"
P2P = increased autonomy through increased inter-dependence
Current paradigm = decreased autonomy through increased dependence on a few
increasingly powerful suppliers

@_date: 2009-01-18 14:16:50
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: [ox-en] "Trading at 
A commenter (Andy) asked a question about pricing a social service that they
provide to the community (given as an example)
This model is truly fascinating. If I understand this correctly, goods and
services are valued according to the energy required to produce them. Is
there a way to assign social value to a service, based perhaps on the energy
a service might save a system, or based on how a community assigns and
weights certain social values? For example, I run a community-based crisis
team that saves a great deal of money in preventing ER visits for kids with
behavioral problems (inner-city schools tend to call 911 when a child acts
up). There is a great demand by schools and families for such services;
however, I can't really quantify how much money I save the system, or how
the societal value of helping a family in crisis (e.g. what is the value of
facilitating better well-being for a child and family? How does one approach
such a question?).
An important aspect of this model is that pricing (or costing) is based on
the median cost of energy for producing and delivering a given good or
service. It is not based on the subjective value of the good or service.
In order to determine the amount of energy that goes into producing a song
or some service (e.g. social services) that is not normally quantifiable in
terms of joules, we have to orient our mind to think differently. For
example, let's say an artist spends 4 months on a beautiful tropical island
making an album. The cost of that album, not its subjective value, is the
sum of the median _costs_ of energy involved in transporting the artist to
the island, keeping him sheltered and cool (in temperature), keeping fed,
keeping him entertained, etc. It's admittedly hard to perform such
accounting since no models have been built for energy use in various
situations. In today's world, everything is priced subjectively, i.e. based
on subjective value, using relatively valued currency. To start pricing
things in terms of the cost of energy it takes to produce and deliver them
will require the development of energy costing models for many goods and
services, including air travel, housing, prepared food, manufactured food,
livestock, apples, potatoes, wheat, milk, etc, but once the energy costing
models are developed for the basic needs (e.g. food, transportation, various
production processes under entertainment, etc.) the process of estimation
(through software) can then become a realistic objective.
It's the intent of this author to develop such energy costing models as part
of the game/simulation project (see: Collaboration.)
Below are excerpted sections from R1.54.1
 that put the "trading at cost
with joule tokens" into context:
*Joule Tokens*
We (and everything else that's functioning) have a continuous cost of energy
(see: Thermoeconomics.) Even if we were to get our energy from
super-efficient fusion technology we will still need energy to maintain
(short-term) and upgrade (long term) the technology, and while that energy
can come from the super-efficient reactor itself, for the lifetime of the
reactor, we still need to move that energy, from the reactor to the farmer
who makes the food for the scientists who then perform the maintenance and
upgrades for the reactor. It's the flow of energy that has to be ensured, on
efficient basis, between all nodes within the economy, and the idea of
tokenizing a universal form of energy (i.e. electricity), as we have done in
this model (see: P2P Energy Bank) allows us to enable the flow of this
energy from one node to another alongside the flow of goods and services. In
other words, the fusion reactor's maintenance and upgrades are paid for with
tokenized energy, which the maintenance crew and the fusion scientists can
exchange with the farmer for food, and which the farmer can redeem for
actual energy to power production on the farm or trade for other goods and
services, use to purchase more land, etc.
The issue not discussed often is how to enable an optimum distribution of
energy throughout the economy so that we may maximize sustainable economic
growth. This model enables an optimum distribution of energy throughout the
economy along two paths: 1) tokenized electric energy flows (or energy as
currency) that is used for purchasing goods, services, and assets, and 2)
non-tokenized electric energy flows (i.e. electric current rather than
currency tokens) that is used for powering stuff, including food production.
The idea of this model is to enable an optimum distribution of energy (in
both the tokenized and non-tokenized form) to enable maximum sustainable
economic growth.
The case for using renewable, clean energy, e.g. fusion, solar, wind,
bio-fuel, as opposed to fission reactors or coal etc is two fold:
1. Renewable energy is abundant which means that it can be accessed and
harnessed by everyone. Having said this, it's important to note that
sustainable abundance comes from a regulated whole not unregulated
individuals (see: P2P Energy Management.) 2. Minimal cost to environment.
When it comes to the choice of energy units, the Joule is an international
unit that is widely used as the basis for all other types of energy units,
per the following:
1 joule is approximately equal to:
  * 6.2415 ?1018 eV (electronvolts)
  * 0.2390 cal (calorie) (small calories, lower case c)
  * 2.3901 ?10?4 kilocalorie, Calories (food energy, upper case C)
  * 9.4782 ?10?4 BTU (British thermal unit)
  * 0.7376 ft?lbf (foot-pound force)
  * 23.7 ft?pdl (foot poundals)
  * 2.7778 ?10?7 kilowatt hour
  * 2.7778 ?10?4 watt hour
  * 9.8692 ?10?3 litre-atmosphere
Example of units defined in terms of their joule equivalent:
  * 1 thermochemical calorie = 4.184 J
  * 1 International Table calorie = 4.1868 J
  * 1 watt hour = 3600 J
  * 1 kilowatt hour = 3.6 ?106 J (or 3.6 MJ)
  * 1 ton TNT exploding = 4.184 GJ
What is tokenized in units of, e.g. 10,000, joules, by the currency defined
under this model, is the amount of energy sold for its absolute equivalent
in joule tokens (i.e. exchanged) by a peer with energy surplus to P2P Bank
(after conversion loss,) i.e. the amount of energy from that peer that makes
it to P2P Bank's short-term inventory, which is then resold within a short
time, e.g. 24 hours, for the same absolute equivalent in joule tokens (i.e.
exchanged) to a peer with energy deficit. In other words, the energy flow
from peer to peer (after conversion loss), i.e. spent energy, is what is
tokenized, not the stored/potential energy since stored energy may or may
not have any value, i.e. has a subjective value, depending on the chance
that it will get used.
The cost of holding a 24-hour inventory, is assumed to be zero above the
cost of maintenance and upgrades, which are shared by the physical users
(e.g. hospital, school, factory, household, etc.) based on how much they use
the Common Grid.
*Price Registry*
The existing currency, e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc, is based on a model
that permits the emergence of manipulative/controlling power, which the
model defined here (as a whole) is designed to unravel. In other words, it
doesn't help (and it may hurt) to direct money to a socially, ecologically,
and environmentally intelligent producer of good and services who is also
maintaining manipulative/controlling power through the existing monetary
system, which permits such behavior.
For example, a product that is priced using the existing currency may cost
$1.00 (US Dollar) to produce but may be sold by its producer for $0.50 with
the purpose of killing off competition, i.e. dumping below cost. And once a
market player has the market to themselves (i.e. once they control the
market for a given product) they can increase prices significantly above
cost, thus creating artificial scarcity and gaining power over the consumer.
While there can be more than one player that can afford to play this game,
the very fact that they'd need an existing disposable revenue stream to
support such behavior tells us that this kind of dynamic is intended to
concentrate power in the hands of those who are willing and able to play the
game. In other words, the existing international currency (e.g. US dollar,
euro, yen, etc) is designed (based on an antiquated model) to allow
manipulative/controlling power to emerge.
In contrast, with the currency defined under this model, i.e. the virtual
joule tokens, there is no such thing as individuals setting a price for
goods and services. That is because every good and service is priced based
on the median in energy it takes to produce and deliver it to the consumer.
This works by having each producer submit the energy cost for their
product/service to some Price Registry, which are verifiable by all peers,
and taking the median for, e.g., all apples.) So an apple will cost 1/5
joule token (assuming joule token = 10,000 joules) if the median cost in
energy for producing and delivering an apply to the consumer is 2,000
joules. If there is an ice storm that reduces an apple producer's output the
producer will sell less apples at the same price, not a higher price, i.e.
the producer absorbs all losses. So in order for producers to minimize their
losses, they must adopt a model of sustainable abundance in their
production, which involves using renewable energy and renewable resources as
well as a predictive inventory to match supply to demand to eliminate loss
to themselves due to over-production.
This fixed-price model for goods and services is possible because all
transactions for goods and services that are traded using joule tokens,
which are, namely, non-scarce goods and services (i.e. those can be produced
in a sustainably abundant way,) are done via a P2P browser (see: Model's
Context,) where the price of a good or service is accessible through the
Price Registry.
To put things into context, using a specific example, let's assume there are
3,000 small-scale apple growers in a given community and they all use
demand-matched, predictive inventory, so they never produce more than is in
Those 3,000 apple growers submit their energy cost estimates for growing an
apple to the Price Registry, using an easy to understand (multiple choice)
calculation method, e.g. do they hand pick or machine pick the apples, do
they carry the apples to market on donkey or by truck, how costly is their
irrigation method, etc. The estimation software is built into the P2P
browser and includes update-able 'energy cost models' for all goods and
services that can be produced and delivered in a sustainably abundant way.
The median of all cost submissions (by those 3,000 apple growers) becomes
the "cost" for apples in the Price Registry. We can work out the detailed
model for collective price setting (based on such software-aided cost
submissions) that's realistic as well as practical, and it can include peer
auditing and updates (e.g. update the model for pricing apples with reduced
cost factors when the production of apples becomes generally more
The key thing here is that the joule tokens have an absolute value in energy
(spent) whereas the existing currency does not. Therefore, we have something
different here and it's possible through the use of simple statistics to
figure out how collective price setting would work.
This is what we will test during the simulation.
If a given peer spends 500MJ making something that they would like to give
to the world then they better get that 500MJ back somehow or they will
eventually starve (and the most efficient way is through direct exchange.)
If they're paid back 600MJ or 350MJ then they will have an idea if they're
producing the thing efficiently or inefficiently.
In this way, the use of joule tokens promotes (or direct money into) more
and more efficiency, not more and more scarcity (as with the existing
People are not animals to be fed to lay their eggs or produce milk. People
need a sense of fairness and appreciation for their work and individual
If Jill (from the above-stated example) puts her energy into making her
production more efficient then that's creativity (or work) to be rewarded
with the margin in energy she saves that she gets back from the difference
in her cost and the collectively set price for apples.
Furthermore, if Jill puts her energy into growing the type of apples that is
most in demand (i.e. feature selection) then she's to be rewarded with
higher volume of sale. However, the volume of sales also depends on Jill's
Lender Credits, so she can't be very creative but stingy.
This model (the whole model) pushes the producer to be conscious about
energy usage (even if energy can be sustainably produced in abundance, their
is a cost in energy to energy production that can be put to other use) and
it also pushes the producer to be creative (to generate higher demand) as
well as generous (see: Lender and Borrower Credits.)
So, as we can see, the use of joule tokens to exchange things without
starving and in an efficient way, i.e. Jill gives her apple to the consumers
and gets back in energy what she put in, while also being rewarded for her
work and creativity (or individual choices), makes a whole lot of sense
compared to using the existing scarcity-enforcing currency, where Jill would
have to price her product based on demand (thus raising prices for what's in
demand and creating relative artificial scarcity) and she can't recoup her
investment in more efficient production against other producers who produce
the same product less efficiently.
For goods and services that are new (e.g. new inventions, new product
categories, etc) the existing scarcity-enforcing currency (e.g. US dollar,
euro, yen, etc) will be used until those goods and services become more
common (not to be confused with sustainably abundant) at which point the
energy cost estimation software will be updated with energy cost models for
those goods and services and the producers of those goods and services will
be asked to use the software to submit their energy cost estimates, which
are then used to calculate and set the price based on the median of
estimated energy costs for producing and delivering the given good or
An important aspect of this model is that pricing (or costing) is based on
the median cost of energy for producing and delivering a given good or
service. It is not based on the subjective value of the good or service.
In order to determine the amount of energy that goes into producing a song
or some service that is not normally quantifiable in terms of joules, we
have to orient our mind to think differently. For example, an artist spends
4 months on a beautiful tropical island making an album. The cost of that
album, not its subjective value, is the sum of the median costs of energy
involved in transporting the artist to the island, keeping him sheltered and
cool (in temperature), keeping fed, keeping him entertained, etc. It's
admittedly hard to perform such accounting since no models have been built
for energy use in various situations. In today's world, everything is priced
subjectively, i.e. based on subjective value, using relatively valued
currency. To start pricing things in terms of the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them will require the development of energy costing
models for many things, but once the models are developed, the process of
estimation (through software) can become a realistic objective.
It's the intent of this author to develop such energy costing models as part
of the game/simulation project (see: Collaboration.)
*Toward an Abundance Economy*
The existing currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc) is part of the model
that has let scarcity persist and grow. By its tendency to direct more and
more money into scarce resources (due to ability for sellers to set
arbitrarily high prices in response to demand for such scarce resources)
rather than directing more and more money into solving the circumstances
that cause scarcity, e.g. lowering the total cost of energy needed to
produce and deliver something, and by deriving its value from its scarcity
rather than from its utility, the existing currency is fully complicit in
the enforcement of scarcity.
As for the argument that says that money is a tool and it depends on how you
use it, the existing currency is a dumb tool so it creates a tendency in the
user to use it in a dumb way.
Having said that, the existing currency and the model of scarcity it
enforces will not disappear over night.
For example, a farm land or a piece of real estate should, under the model
defined here, always be worth the net energy it generates in joule tokens
over the lease term. So the land would be owned by all (or the community)
and leased to different physical users (e.g. hospital, school, factory,
household, etc.) However, forcing community ownership of all land in order
to enable a community leasing model for land is not possible since any peer
can purchase land right outside the community border and build a major
shopping mall. This model is not about building an isolated community. If
it's to work it must work with (or in spite of) the scarcity based model
that, conceptually speaking, exists at a layer below it.
Thus, it is expected that some peers will want to gain in
manipulative/controlling power through the acquisition of things that are
scare, e.g. gold, land, real estate, famous art pieces, etc, which will
happen using the existing currency since it allows arbitrary price setting
by individual peers whereas the currency defined under this model does (see:
Price Registry.)
It is expected that 'circumstantially scarce' goods (e.g. out of season
fruit) and services (e.g. vanity services, legal services, creative
services) and assets (e.g. land) will continue to be priced using the
existing scarcity-enforcing currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc), which
causes the emergence of manipulative/controlling power (due to competition
for scarce resources) in those scarcity driven markets. However, this
problem is not fully resolvable by this model. It is hoped that the
circumstances that cause scarcity are eliminated, one by one, by
technological progress.
In this sense, the currency defined under this model, i.e. the programmable
virtual joule token, can be viewed as a complementary currency whose purpose
is to train society to move toward an abundance-based model of existence.

@_date: 2009-01-21 01:02:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Trading at Cost" with joule tokens 
fyi, debate on "trading at cost" continues....
---------- Forwarded message ----------
CCing other lists on this because the debate was started on all those lists.
When replying, you may remove the CC.
That is only the case because you're used to demand and supply being out of
whack, i.e. artificially or circumstantially scarce or over-produced.
In contrast, the cost in energy in producing something is only relative to
the efficiency by which energy is used to produce the thing.
Let me explain the (reworded) 1st proposition of the model which relates to
trading at cost:
*"1. Enable the pricing of goods and services (that can be made on
sustainably abundant basis, i.e. where supply is always matched to demand)
at the median cost in energy it takes to produce and deliver them based on
average predicted sale volume for the given good or service submitted by all
producers, where such cost is only relative to the efficiency by which
energy is used to produce and deliver the given good or service. In other
words, enable trading at cost, while directing money into increased
efficiency of production rather than into higher prices as what happens when
cost (of circumstantially or artificially scarce goods and services) is
relative to demand and supply."*
The only reason you would pay more for an apple is because the price for
apples today is driven by demand and supply. There is NO reason that it
should continue to when apples can be produced on sustainably abundant
basis, i.e. when supply always matches demand. You may ask how supply can
always match demand but that's what supply chain management systems have
been capable of doing for at least 60 years now, if not longer.
In other words, wherever you have demand higher than supply or supply higher
than demand for a given thing the price of that thing is driven by
artificial/circumstantial scarcity or over-production, respectively.
When demand and supply are matched their effect on price is canceled out.
There is NO reason why apples couldn't be sold equitably at the cost in
energy it takes to produce and deliver them if everyone who wants an apple
can get an apple by simply giving back to the producer energy in the amount
of the cost in energy it takes to make an apple.
You and everyone, myself included obviously, have been living in an economy
where demand and supply are NEVER matched and this imbalance between 'want'
and 'have' causes the price of things stuck on that seesaw to go up and down
due to changes in demand:supply ratio.
I've updated the Joule Tokens section to clarify some of the confusions:
"It's important to note that the cost in energy used for producing and
delivering a product is not the same as the energy content of the product.
Confusing the two is common but not helpful. In the P2P browser, which used
by all peers for all transactions within the P2P Energy Economy, the price
in joule tokens for a given good or service is set collectively by the
producers of that good or service, using cost estimation software with
built-in energy costing models, so such confusion will not affect trade,
i.e. prices are calculated by software based on estimates submitted by
producers using estimation software with built-in energy costing models,
which is part of the P2P browser used for trading.
The following helps to explain the merit of joule tokens and why/how they
enable trading things (that can be produced and delivered in a sustainably
abundant way, i.e. where supply always matches demand) at the cost in energy
it takes to produce and deliver those things:
The joule tokens are generated based on spent energy where the supply of
energy is matched to the demand for energy, i.e. anyone who wants energy can
have it for the cost of generating that energy. Given the value of joule
tokens is always redeemable for the same value in electricity (e.g. 1 joule
token = 10,000), if an apple costs 1000 joules to produce and deliver today
and 500 joules to produce and deliver in 10 years then a consumer can buy 10
apples for 1 joule token today and 20 apples for the same amount after 10
years (due to technological progress that boosts the efficiency of producing
apples,) so the price for apples only gets lower and lower, never higher,
over time, i.e. joule tokens can buy more and more because the efficiency in
producing apples keeps getting higher and higher. By contrast, the existing
currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc) has a value that is relative to
demand and supply (of the currency), and given that it's not backed by
something (e.g. gold) its value changes (goes up and down, not just up as
with the joule tokens) not only due to changes in demand:supply ratio (for
the currency) but also due to other factors like trade deficit, national
debt, and currency speculation that is based on those factors. In other
words, if the existing currency was backed by gold it would only change in
value based on supply/demand (of the currency) not all those other factors
but regardless it would still changes in value, both up and down. If the
supply for the existing currency was matched to demand for the existing
currency, then everyone who needs money should be able to get it at the cost
of energy it takes to produce and deliver the money. But that's not the case
because the existing currency derives its value, in great part, from its
scarcity, not from its utility, as is the case with joule tokens.
When it comes to 'circumstantially scarce' things, e.g. land, gold, real
estate, etc, the virtual joule token, as a currency, does not apply because
scarce things induce competition for limited resources, which means that
scarce things are priced based on the fact that demand is much higher than
supply, i.e. their value is driven, in a great part, by their scarcity,
which makes them compatible with the existing currency, where the value of
currency is relative and derived, in great part, from its scarcity, and
incompatible with the currency defined under this model, where the value of
the currency is measured in joules of spent energy (i.e. the flow of
electricity from peers with surplus to peers with deficit) that can be
recouped for things that can be made on abundant basis (i.e. where supply is
always matched to demand) in the ratio of 1:1 in currency to cost in energy
for producing and delivering the given thing. It's the exchange of currency
for goods on energy cost basis that enables the sustainable abundance of the
things in question (e.g. energy, goods, services, ideas, music, etc.)
The good news is that our human ingenuity combined with the pressures of a
growing population are pushing us to eliminate the circumstances of scarcity
in many areas. A good first example is scarcity in content, including
software, music, videos, news and information in general, which has been
eliminated by the Internet, but such abundance still needs to be made
sustainable, e.g. using this model, i.e. making sure content creators recoup
spent energy (the energy used in making and delivering their good or
service) thus eliminating the 'starving artist' syndrome, where artists give
so much energy because they want to create and share with others but do not
receive much energy in return, which causes them to starve in the long
term.) A second example is scarcity in energy, which is being eliminated by
the emergence of renewable energy as a primary source of energy, and where
the abundance of renewable energy is supported on sustainable basis by this
I also updated the Price Registry (now called Cost Registry) to explain even
more clearly how pricing at cost would work:
The existing currency, e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc, is based on a model
that permits the emergence of manipulative/controlling power, which the
model defined here (as a whole) is designed to unravel. In other words, it
doesn't help (and it may hurt) to direct money to a socially, ecologically,
and environmentally intelligent producer of good and services who is also
maintaining manipulative/controlling power through the existing monetary
system, which permits such behavior.
For example, a product that is priced using the existing currency may cost
$1.00 (US Dollar) to produce but may be sold by its producer for $0.50 with
the purpose of killing off competition, i.e. dumping below cost. And once a
market player has the market to themselves (i.e. once they control the
market for a given product) they can increase prices significantly above
cost, thus creating artificial scarcity and gaining power over the consumer.
While there can be more than one player that can afford to play this game,
the very fact that they'd need an existing disposable revenue stream to
support such behavior tells us that this kind of dynamic is intended to
concentrate power in the hands of those who are willing and able to play the
game. In other words, the existing international currency (e.g. US dollar,
euro, yen, etc) is designed (based on an antiquated model) to allow
manipulative/controlling power to emerge.
In today's world, everything is priced subjectively, i.e. based on
subjective value, that's driven in great part by artificial or
circumstantial scarcity, using relatively valued currency, where the value
of the currency itself is driven in great part by its artificial scarcity.
So to start pricing things in terms of the cost of energy it takes to
produce and deliver them will require the development of energy costing
models for many goods and services, including air travel, housing, prepared
food, manufactured food, livestock, apples, potatoes, wheat, milk, etc, but
once the energy costing models are developed for the basic needs (e.g. food,
transportation, various production processes under entertainment, etc.) the
process of estimation (through software) can then become a realistic
With the currency defined under this model, i.e. the virtual joule tokens,
there is no such thing as individuals setting a price for goods and
services. That is because every good and service is priced based on the
median in energy it takes to produce and deliver it to the consumer. This
works by having each producer submit the energy cost for their
product/service (which is also based on the volume of their production) to a
Cost Registry, which is open and verifiable by peers, and calculating the
median for the given good or service of the same type. So an apple will cost
1/5 joule token (assuming joule token = 10,000 joules) if the median costs
in energy for producing and delivering an apply to the consumer add up to
2,000 joules.
Since volume of sales affects the cost of energy for producing and
delivering the product the energy costing models used by the estimation
software should assume an average volume of production based on all
predicted sale volumes (within the community) from all the producers of a
given good or service, as reported by their predictive inventory management
system, which sits along with the estimation software in the P2P browser
used for trading, which is how consumers access the Cost Registry-calculated
price for goods and services.
If there happens to be an ice storm that reduces an apple producer's output
the producer will sell less apples at the same price, not a higher price, so
the producer absorbs all losses. So in order for producers to minimize their
losses, they must adopt a model of sustainable abundance in their
production, which involves them using renewable energy and renewable
resources in conjunction with a predictive inventory to match supply to
demand to eliminate loss to due to over-production.
If a given peer spends 500MJ making something that they would like to give
to the world then they should be able get that 500MJ back somehow (or they
will eventually starve) and the most efficient way is through direct
exchange. If they're paid back 600MJ or 350MJ then they will have an idea if
they're producing the thing efficiently or inefficiently. In this way, the
use of joule tokens promotes (or direct money into) more and more
efficiency, not more and more scarcity (as with the existing currency.)
For goods and services that are new (e.g. new inventions, new product
categories, etc) the existing scarcity-enforcing currency (e.g. US dollar,
euro, yen, etc) will be used until those goods and services become more
common (not to be confused with sustainably abundant) at which point the
energy cost estimation software will be updated with energy cost models for
those goods and services and the producers of those goods and services will
be asked to use the software to submit their energy cost estimates, based on
average predicted sale volume for the given good or service, which are then
used to calculate and set the price based on the median of estimated energy
costs for producing and delivering the given good or service.
An important aspect of this model is that pricing (or costing) is based on
the median cost of energy for producing and delivering a given good or
service. It is not based on the subjective value of the good or service.
In order to determine the amount of energy that goes into producing a
non-physical good or service, such as a song or some social service, that is
not normally quantifiable in terms of energy spent, we have to orient our
mind to think differently.
For example, let's say an artist spends 4 months on a beautiful tropical
island making a music album. The cost of that album, not its subjective
value, is the sum of the median _costs_ of energy involved in transporting
the artist to the island, keeping him sheltered and cool (in temperature),
keeping him fed, keeping him entertained, etc. In this case, the artist
needs to recoup the cost in energy for producing and delivering the album,
per the various energy costing models involved (e.g. air travel, food,
shelter, entertainment, etc), some of which may contain nested energy
costing models (e.g. entertainment.) The energy costing model for producing
and [digitally] delivering a music album assumes a volume of sales equal to
the average predicted sales (within the community) for all artists of the
same genre (in the same community) as reported by their predictive inventory
management system, which is part of the same P2P browser used for trading.
It's important consideration for producers to match their production of
goods and services to predicted demand, so as not to suffer losses due to
over-estimating demand, especially since losses cannot be recouped from the
consumer, i.e. by dumping excess at lower-than-cost and thus killing off
competition then forcing all apple producer to raise prices the next season
to recoup the loss. In other words, over-estimating demand is a problem that
the producer must solve without punishing the consumer.
When it comes to 'circumstantially scarce' things, e.g. land, gold, real
estate, etc, the virtual joule token, as a currency, does not apply because
scarce things induce competition for limited resources, which means that
scarce things are priced based on the fact that demand is much higher than
supply, i.e. their value is driven, in a great part, by their scarcity,
which makes them compatible with the existing currency, where the value of
currency is relative and derived, in great part, from its scarcity, and
incompatible with the currency defined under this model, where the value of
the currency is measured in joules of spent energy (i.e. the flow of
electricity from peers with surplus to peers with deficit) that can be
recouped for things that can be made on abundant basis (i.e. where supply is
always matched to demand) in the ratio of 1:1 in currency to cost in energy
for producing and delivering the given thing. It's the exchange of currency
for goods on energy cost basis that enables the sustainable abundance of the
things in question (e.g. energy, goods, services, ideas, music, etc.)
The good news is that our human ingenuity combined with the pressures of a
growing population are pushing us to eliminate the circumstances of scarcity
in many areas. A good first example is scarcity in content, including
software, music, videos, news and information in general, which has been
eliminated by the Internet, but such abundance still needs to be made
sustainable, e.g. using this model, i.e. making sure content creators recoup
spent energy (the energy used in making and delivering their good or
service) thus eliminating the 'starving artist' syndrome, where artists give
so much energy because they want to create and share with others but do not
receive much energy in return, which causes them to starve in the long
term.) A second example is scarcity in energy, which is being eliminated by
the emergence of renewable energy as a primary source of energy, and where
the abundance of renewable energy is supported on sustainable basis by this
If after reading the above, there is still confusion or issues then please
don't hesitate to point them out.
The full updated model is at:

@_date: 2009-01-21 17:09:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Two Kinds of Profit... 
In working with the latest understanding I have about "trading at cost" in
the context of the P2P Energy Economy, I have come to realize something
quite basic:
There are two kinds of profit.
Kind 1:
This kind of profit is made when we have a relatively high demand-matched
volume of production, i.e. the more you produce of something (up to demand)
relative to the median volume of production of the same thing by others the
cheaper is your cost of production, so the more margin you have relative to
others. This involves producers investing in more efficient production,
which is good for the environment and good for society (as it quickens the
pace of technological progress, along the efficiency axis, which is required
for sustaining abundance) The logic of the P2P Energy Economy treats this
type of relative margin difference in "at cost" trading as good profit.
Kind 2:
This kind of profit is made when demand is more than supply and producers
can add a given margin above cost (depends on how much larger demand is than
supply.) This type of profit directs money into scarce goods rather than
into solving the circumstances that cause scarcity or removing its
artificial causes. In other words, this type of profit is
More:   (much clearer now on all
fronts, after the transition to trading at cost of energy using joule
tokens, and includes a section on Natural Demurrage)

@_date: 2009-01-22 11:26:29
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: P2P Energy Economy: Model Freeze 
fyi, this would be a good time to catch up if you're interested
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The model for P2P Energy
Economyhas been frozen as
of Release 1.94.0
What this means is that no more changes will be made except for fixing
"typos" in the text, where a typo is limited to only spelling errors and
math errors (only ones due to typos.)
This will allow us to develop the use cases on the P2P Energy Economy wiki
(on Google Groups) and then port them over to the model's description after
the freeze.
I will send another "Unfreeze" message after we have furnished all the use
cases so that model development can continue while software development can
proceed from the use cases.

@_date: 2009-01-22 12:10:23
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Shapeways Shops, Titanium Contest winner, 
Make and sell your own goods. Getting closer (technology wise) to P2P
I think Shapeway competes with Ponoko  but they use very
different fabrication technology
---------- Forwarded message ----------
      [image: header.gif]        [image: newsletter.gif]
*no. 10 January 2009*
*+* Be my Shapentine
 < Valentines Day contests
 < The winner of our
Titanium contest
*+ * <
                          + Welcome     Hello Everyone,
The big news for January is that we launched the Shapeways
The Shapeways Shops are a way for you to make money on Shapeways. How does
it work? Well first of all you need to open a Shop. You choose a URL, upload
and decide how much you would like to make on each
Once someone buys your model, we print it, ship it, do all the customer
service and pay you the margin. The rights to your designs will always
remain with you. With the Shapeways Shops you can now have your own factory
and sell physical products worldwide. Does this sound like something you
want to do? Open your own shop in a few minutes
[image: cullularnecklace]
[image: onsimplicity]
[image: photos_photo]
We are really happy with the launch, *and all the attention it
but happier still that one of our members could make over $200 with
Shapeways in five days. We hope that this is an early indicator of success
and we will do all we can to make all our Shop owners successful.
 [image: squareplatter]
[image: rpplecube]
[image: storagecube]
So lets say you can not 3D model: what is in it for you? Now can buy cutting
edge cool sculptures designed by *Michael
Bathsheba Grossmanor
*George Heart*.
Or you could buy a Nocturnal: a working ancient instrument that can tell the
time using the stars, brought to life again with 3D
And where else could you buy a
a Gargoyle,
a *nemesis*,
*fertility deity*,
an *astronaut*,
the *Firefox 3 beta
a *Sudanese Mobius,*or
*French Dragoon
* for your minifig?*
And *$8 for a Penguin, thats a
  Kind regards,
Joris Peels
Community Manager, Shapeways
joris at shapeways.com
       + Be my Shapentine        [image:
We already have lots of cute Valentines gifts on the site such as
Madox's *selection
of Heart Rings*and
at $2 including shipping you can now get a ring for every single one
your girlfriends!
We will showcase the hearts and all our other love inspired models on our
special Valentines Day
We now have the gift wrap option on all of your orders for $4 and you now
have the option to ship your Shapeways orders to another address, you can
give the person you love a unique gift with zero effort on your part.
If you order from now  and up and until the 31st of January(or until we run
out of our stock of Valentine's wrapping paper): we will gift wrap your
order for free!
       + Valentines Day contests
We will be running two contests for Valentines day.
Our best Valentines Day gift contest winner will win $300 in 3D printing
from us for the best, most original and romantic Valentines gift. See how
you can enter here.
If you're not a modeler you can enter the Free my Valentine contest. Just
make an original Light Poem with the most romantic
add the tag freemyvalentine and you're in. The winner will be highest rated
Light Poem on the 1st of February. That person will receive(or be able to
send to your Valentine)that very same gift wrapped Light Poem in time for
Valentines Day.
[image: loveisacomplexthing]
       + The winner of our Titanium contest       [image:
*The winner of our Titanium Contest
        + Blog        We have a couple of interesting articles on our *blog
such as Peter Paul's
Vaccaro's Head Space
Check it and other articles ranging from uploading from Maya, the Bugatti
Veyron, Ice skating, jewelery and the worlds most expensive
We've also made a new YouTube movie where we bounce White, Strong and
[image: headspace]
             Invite your friends
Do you like Shapeways? Invite your
join Shapeways too! Tell everyone! Spread the word! Your friends will
recieve a single invite email and will not be added to any newsletters. So,
Spam you're friends! Because, we're not going to.
We respect your privacy - to stop receiving our email newsletter,
go to your profile page on Shapeways.com < deselect
'Subscribe to newsletters' and save
High Tech Campus 27
5656 AE,
Eindhoven, Noord-Brabant
The Netherlands
Read  the
VerticalResponse marketing policy.
[image: Try Email Marketing with

@_date: 2009-01-23 22:31:57
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: P2P Energy Economy: Model Freeze 
I think that would be a great idea to blog the summary of what we've
It can be added as a section in the model description itself, and that may
become a section of a post-deployment "Operator's Manual" (for the users of
the P2P Energy Economy)
It is beginning to feel like a huge and fascinating learning journey, and
I'm starting to wonder "shouldn't something as critical to our existence as
the economy come with an official operator's manual?"
known blueprint and there is no official operator's manual. <<<<<*

@_date: 2009-01-24 11:15:08
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
Hey Sam,
1. I had actually casually suggested that tokenizing emotional energy using
"thank you" notes as currency is the ultimate un-money, but I have found out
after 3 months of thinking
that such currency would
work best (or most realistically) with goods and
services that can be produced and delivered in abundance and on sustainable
basis. More exactly, those that can be produced and delivered on continuous,
scalable, distributed basis. For example, digital content, peer-manufactured
goods made entirely from renewable resources (and that are produced
independently by many peers, certain distributed digital services (think
Mechanical Turk) etc.
2. It is not sufficient to construct a nobel model based on high ideals.
People are driven by two continuous subconscious needs: survival and/or
discovery. Both of these needs need to be met, IMO, for a lasting dynamic to
You can say that life itself provides the survival and discovery plots, but
that's why it's hard to bring people into a new place where opportunities
for survival and discovery are very limited.
That's actually where I am in the design of P2P Energy
Specifically, I've found out that the existing money creates a great
opportunity for experiencing a survival game by enforcing scarcity, and if
we come up with an epi-economy or "epiconomy" (a higher level economy that
lays on top of the existing one) that is predicated on sustainable abundance
then I think it needs to contain a discovery game within that
counter-balances the survival game going on in the existing economy.
3. There are other issues to designing a new kind of economy that apply to
what you're doing as well as what I'm working on, but I need to think about
them some more.

@_date: 2009-01-24 12:49:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
It's a given that it will work, but I thought you're asking about what makes
certain experiments sustainable while others run aground after a while.
It's also given that _some_ people will continue to sacrifice self for the
benefit of the whole and for reward in the future ... This is sort of what
everyone on this list is doing.
As far as a "system for sharing surplus" my favored view is a system for
trading surplus (using the-more-you-share-the-more-you-have logic) because I
think that is a more efficient form of sharing.
I think the model design, not the world view, is what's different between
what you're doing now and what I'm working on for the long term.

@_date: 2009-01-24 14:34:01
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
I need to go thru use case development then development of the spec for the
software then actual coding of p2p trading browser (with simulated p2p
energy grid)
For now, still parking the model and figuring out if it's everything it can
be (quality wise) ... I'll know when the use cases start to come out on
their own.
The deal re: simplicity vs complexity (referring to a discussion I had on
Open Manufacturing) is that people tend to view the model's as a static
system but any model of any kind of economy is a dynamic system, so you can
have a model with 3 active parts in it that do not fall into an equilibrium
state or you can have a system with 500 active parts in it that fall into an
equilibrium state. Most people would consider the system with 3 parts to be
simpler than the system with 500 parts. However, only the opposite is true.
That's not to say that the degree of simplicity of a system is related to
the number of parts, but that it's related to the ability of the system to
fall into a stable equilibrium, or even a metastable one (and I think that
the existing economy has a metastable equilibrium, i.e. a stable pattern of
So I'm also trying to harness intuitive/natural understanding about 'lasting
harmony' as I design the model. Yet, I have these thoughts that people will
do nothing under conditions of lasting harmony; that they'd sit idle and let
the days pass by or engage in entertaining themselves more than producing
change, but all stasis is disrupted by evolutionary tsunamis if not by tidal
So it looks like the most stable pattern is a pattern of disruption, i.e. a
metastable equilibrium.  But this should not be taken out of context.
Obviously we want to design systems that last by being open to change, or
that achieve stability by being open to instability (//note to self: this
should be moved under Axioms)
A key consideration is something called the 'logistic equation' (for
population change) and basically you can use it to predict a population's
growth and sudden collapse, and I want to apply it to the growth and
collapse of "harmless" monopolies where such monopolies cannot raise prices
under the model of 'trading at cost with joule tokens' and that can collapse
in-place (think of building demolition) without damaging the economy and be
rebuilt. That's the type of metastability (or pattern of disruption) that I
think I need in the model to allow it to perpetuate i.e. achieving stability
(or metastability to be exact) by being open to instability.
Sorry if I diverged from topic.
I would really love to see your system work and I know it can work but my
jumping into this conversation was in response to your wonder about what
makes some experiments sustainable while others only work for a limited
time... and my tentative answer as it relates to my model is given above...
which supersedes the survival/discovery paradigm
Lucky for me there is no tax on over thinking!   but I think that a certain
degree of complexity is essential if we are to build a 'living' system...

@_date: 2009-01-24 14:54:43
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Currency model (was Re:  Donation Networks) 
I just replied as to the stages of development it must/will go through and
the current thinking I have about the economy as a "living" system.
Re: 2-way metering
P2P Energy Bank sends out replenishment requests when triggered by a
predictive inventory model and those requests are fulfilled by the peers, so
P2P Energy Bank knows how much it wants from each peer that has local energy
surplus (using fair supplier scheduling) and it will meter each fulfilled
request. When a peer with local energy deficit purchases some electricity
from P2P Energy Bank the flow to the peer is metered, too, by the peer and
the P2P Energy Bank.
Basically, this happens over a type of SmartGrid where there is no central
Electric Utility Provider and only peers as providers. And it also assumes
ability to hold an elastic buffer or dynamic short-term inventory.
By the way, none of that is ready. It will be simulated.
The Project Outcomes are 10-15 years for a popular game (to educate people
about the ideas) and 20-25 year for an actual full-scale development. It
doesn't matter how slow we go because the model has an anticipated 50-100
years of usefulness as it is and the more it evolves as a living system the
more lifetime it can have I think.
Yet, when people say I have an off-the-grid community why don't you come by
and try it (which has happened) I say I'm ready to work on the P2P Trading
browser but the SmartGrid (or my version of it) is not there... Not that it
can't be developed based on the existing SmartGrid but that it just doesn't
exist and I may have to figure out how to physically decentralize the
dynamic short term energy inventory, not just the energy management process,
while keeping the management process virtually centralized) The model
already can be interpreted to be this way (except for the comments under
Model Implementation, which I'll fix) but I had been thinking the inventory
needed to be physically centralized, so now I can breathe easier :-) since
it can probably be made to work with local storage, which is a lot more

@_date: 2009-01-24 18:41:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] IP rights as enforcer of scarcity economics 
I know this is obvious but there has not been a discussion about the patent
system and the monetary system in the context of scarcity enforcing
In building a currency that supports sustainable abundance (e.g.: p2p energy
economy ) I found out that the
conditions for sustainable abundance are:
1. The good or service in question should be producible and deliverable on
continuous (e.g. non-seasonal), scalable, distributed basis (e.g.
decentralized peer production)
2. The supply of of the good or service should be matched to demand at the
median cost of energy it takes to produce and deliver the good or service
(where the latter is calculated based on the average predicted volume of
demand per producer)
The IP rights system, which companies like MS, Apple, Oracle, IBM, etc
enforce, breaks the 1st condition which makes the 2nd condition impossible.
In this case, the existing monetary system is not able to break the 1st
condition because people would rather starve (i.e. artists would rather give
away their music) than continue to subject society to the use of a
[monetary] system that enforces [artificial] scarcity.
That's why major market players (Apple in specific) threatening to sue
everyone who breathes the same air is so detrimental to social progress,
i.e. they promote a world view that is completely against sustainable
abundance (while at the same time trying to ride the Green wave.)

@_date: 2009-01-25 16:01:41
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Sustainable Abundance using Joule Tokens" // was 
Hi everyone,
I can go through the logic given below to prove that the 'Joule Token' as a
currency enables -and is essential to- 'sustainable abundance' (which is
also defined below)
If there is a flaw in the deduction/logic that you can spot or some lack of
clarity that may come across as a flaw then I would really appreciate being
told about it.
~~~From updated P2P Energy
Economymodel R1.99.1
To understand the conditions that give rise to sustainable abundance, let's
review the related axioms of this model:
1. Money, as defined here, is created by tokenizing (converting to tokens)
the relative increase (or delta) in electric energy flows from peers with
energy surplus to peers with energy deficit. It has a fixed value in joules
(redeemable in electric energy.)
2. The definition of energy under this model is limited to energy that is
producible and deliverable on continuous, decentralized, renewable, scalable
3. The supply of energy is matched to the demand for energy at all times,
where the work-value of energy, i.e. the value of energy in Joules, replaces
equilibrium price, i.e. anyone who needs energy can purchase it at its work
value in joules. *(Note: the work value of energy replaces the equilibrium
price under this model, where the latter, which the current economic model
is based on, enforces artificial scarcity by directly increasing the price
of energy to limit actual demand, in the hope that the increased profit
margin would then lead to increased supply, which is not guaranteed, rather
than directly increasing the supply to meet actual demand, which this model
enables without increasing the cost of purchasing energy above the
work-value of energy in joules.)*
4. The definition of goods and services under this model is limited to those
that are producible and deliverable on continuous, decentralized, renewable,
scalable basis.
5. The price of a given good or service is calculated based as the median
cost in energy it takes to produce and deliver that good or service, based
on the average predicted volume of production calculated from predicted
volumes of demand reported by the inventory management systems of all
producers of that good or service. This allows producers who invest in more
efficient production technology to have higher relative profit margins and
it allows producers who invest in better quality goods and services to have
higher sales, while the price remains at the median cost of energy it takes
to produce and deliver the given good or service. *(Note: the median cost of
energy it takes to produce and deliver a product replaces the equilibrium
price under this model, where the latter, which the current economic model
is based on, enforces artificial scarcity by directly increasing the price
of of the good or service to limit actual demand, in the hope that the
increased profit margin would then lead to increased supply, which is not
guaranteed, rather than directly increasing the supply to meet actual
demand, which this model enables without increasing the cost of purchasing
the good or service above the median cost of energy it takes to produce and
deliver them.)*
6. The use-value of energy (and the use-value of joule tokens which tokenize
the energy) increases over time due to progress in production technology
(for energy, goods and services), i.e. increased efficiency over time in the
use of energy, so, as time passes, each joule token is generated with less
energy and can buy more in goods and services.
Based on the above basic facts about this model, we can prove that the joule
token, as a currency, is a key enabler of sustainable abundance. Without the
use of joule tokens the energy spent by producers of energy, goods and
services may never be recouped.
The existing currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc) is part of the model
that has let scarcity persist and grow. By its tendency to direct more and
more money into scarce resources (due to ability for sellers to set
arbitrarily high prices in response to demand for such scarce resources)
rather than directing more and more money into solving the circumstances
that cause scarcity, e.g. lowering the total cost of energy needed to
produce and deliver something, and by deriving its value from its scarcity
rather than from its utility, the existing currency enforces scarcity.
As for the argument that says that money is a tool and it depends on how you
use it, the existing currency is a scarcity-enforcing tool so it creates a
tendency in the user to use it in the way its designed to be used, i.e. to
enforce scarcity.
Having said that, the existing currency and the model of scarcity it
enforces will not disappear over night.
It is expected that some peers will want to gain in manipulative/controlling
power through the acquisition of things that are scare, e.g. gold, land,
real estate, famous art pieces, etc, which will happen using the existing
currency since it allows arbitrary price setting by individual peers whereas
the currency defined under this model does (see: Price Registry.)
It is also expected that 'circumstantially scarce' goods (e.g. out of season
fruit) and services (e.g. vanity services, legal services, creative
services) and assets (e.g. land) will continue to be priced using the
existing scarcity-enforcing currency (e.g. US dollar, euro, yen, etc), which
causes the emergence of manipulative/controlling power (due to competition
for scarce resources) in those scarcity driven markets. This problem is not
fully resolvable by this model. However, it is hoped that the circumstances
that cause scarcity are eliminated, one by one, due to technological and
social progress.
In this sense, the currency defined under this model, i.e. the programmable
virtual joule token, can be viewed as a complementary currency (or more
accurately, a change-enabling currency) whose purpose is to accelerate
society's evolution toward sustainable abundance.
Thanks in advance for any further debate.

@_date: 2009-01-28 15:06:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Energy Economy Model 2.0 
Dear P2P'er / OM'er,
Many insights, much learning and a ton of clarity promoting changes have
been incorporated into the P2P Energy Economy draft Release 2.00.0.
Thanks mostly to having had nothing else to employ my energy and the endless
and very fruitful debates I've had. In fact, there has not been a single
debate that has not been transformed into increased clarity, so thank you
all for debating.
I'm taking a 40 days off this to work on mobile development (only marginally
related to this project) so in the meantime I would love it if you could
forward any counter-arguments, feedback, moral guidance or any and all input
to the P2P Energy open discussion list at:
p2p-energy-economy at googlegroups.com
Updated ToC:
   - 1 Description       - 1.1 Title       - 1.2 Release       - 1.3 Author       - 1.4 Basic
   - 2 User Manual       - 2.1 Introduction
      - 2.2 Security and
      - 2.3 Transparency and
      - 2.4 Using the P2P Trading
   - 3 Model Development
      - 3.1 Model's
      - 3.2 Model's
      - 3.3 Model's
      - 3.4 Model's
      - 3.5 Model's
      - 3.6 Model's
      - 3.7 P2P Programmable
         - 3.7.1 Original
         - 3.7.2 Follow-up and
         - 3.7.3 Buyer-Seller Affinity
      - 3.8 P2P Energy
         - 3.8.1 The Origin of the
         - 3.8.2 Introducing The
         - 3.8.3 P2P Bank
            - 3.8.3.1 Currency
            - 3.8.3.2 'P2P Energy'
            - 3.8.3.3 'P2P Capital'
         - 3.8.4 Joule
         - 3.8.5 Trading at Cost with Joule
         - 3.8.6 Joule Token Value
         - 3.8.7 Programmable Joule
      - 3.9 Lender and Borrower
      - 3.10 Toward Sustainable
   - 4 Software
      - 4.1 Use Cases
         - 4.1.1 Use Case
       - 5 Model
      - 5.1 Off-the-Grid
   - 6 Feedback       - 6.1 Request for
      - 6.2 Readers
   - 7 Collaboration
      - 7.1 How To    - 8 References    - 9 Meta       - 9.1 Change
      - 9.2 Document
      - 9.3 Content
      - 9.4 Model Development
   - 10 Related Links
   - 11 External
Thanks to all who have debated and argued. Every single debate and argument
has made a contribution to the model.
  R2.00.0
p.s. Matt: should have feedback on your projects by this weekend. Very
excited someone else in the US is working far ahead of the curve...

@_date: 2009-01-29 09:18:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] LETS/Community Way in Portland, Oregon, USA. 
Hi Colin,
I'm next door in Seattle and I'm working on an alternative economic model
intended for the future (i.e. not for immediate applicability) of which an
alternative currency is one part.
You can find out more about it here:
You can find me on Facebook and LinkedIn if you wish to connect.
Please keep us posted on your progress.

@_date: 2009-01-29 16:03:20
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google: Is P2P on the Menu? 
Hi all,
I was updating an article I had written in 2006 about Google's then-emerging
status as a monopoly-by-innovation (which to this remains as the  search
result when people type any combination of keywords containing "google" and
"monopoly" on google.com) and I started thinking of Google's recent launch
of their own browser and more recently offline versions of their online
applications (e.g. Gmail offline) and if that means anything to the P2P
I've known for some time now that it's easily possible for Google to build
into their browser certain key P2P capabilities for application developers
(e.g. secure, reliable UDP protocol, DHT) that depend on some of their
centralized services like Google Account, Google Friend Connect, BigTable,
etc, thereby making popular P2P application development dependent on their
In updating the "Is Google a Monopoly?" article I have not spectualted about
Google's recent moves in the context of P2P but I have started to think
about it and how a grassroot technology like P2P can be used to extend the
power of those already in control (like Google.) ....
In fact, I have not made up my mind as to whether a Google developed 'open
source' P2P-Enabling Platform would be a bad thing. I think anything that
extends the power of those who already have too much power is a bad thing,
but at the same time the fact that we don't see many P2P-enabled
applications (i.e. PC to PC, not web based) points to the difficulty of
developing such applications, which I can summarize if anyone is
But I really can't say if that's where they're going for sure. I just know
that they CAN go there if they wish, at any time, and I haven't figured out
how I should feel about it, but I'm generally of the opinion that growing
dependent on one company or supplier is a bad thing.
The article in question remains  on Google's search results (for
"monopoly" AND "google") 3 years after it was written despite recent
articles from Washington post and CNN about the same subject, which is a
little strange since the article barely gets more than 5 hits a day.
The just-updated version of the Is Google a Monopoly article is pasted
Is Google a Monopoly? (Updated Jan 27, 2009) In
*July 10, 2006* at *6:13 am*
*Author: Marc Fawzi*
*License: *Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0
(first published on July 10th, 2006, updated Jan 27, 2009)
Given the growing feeling that Google holds too much power over the future
of the Web, without any proof that they can use that power for real change,
and with sufficient proof of their true character as a profit seeking
entity, that has put profits ahead of morals1, it is easy to see why some of
us are growing increasingly concerned about Google's drive to embed itself
in all aspects of the Web and our lives.
In the software industry, economies of scale do not derive from production
capacity but rather from the size of the installed user base, and that's
because software is made of electrical pulses that can be replicated in bits
and downloaded by the users, at a relatively small cost to the producer.
This means that the size of the installed user base replaces production
capacity in classical economic terms. The exception to this observation is
software that can be used from within a standard Web browser, e.g.  Google
So far Google has been building its dominant market share in search based
mostly on the strength of their technology, and not by leveraging an
installed base as Microsoft had done, so they were not considered an actual
However, this is changing as Google leverages its 80% market share and brand
to move into the browser space, first by funding Firefox (where Google
search is the default search engine) and now by launching their own browser,
Google Chrome, which uses Google as the default search engine, and, more
importantly, provides a platform for Google services which are beginning to
be available in both online versions, e.g. Google search, Gmail, Google
Apps, and offline versions, e.g.: Gmail Offline, which was just announced
yesterday, and presumably others in the future.  This represents a fork in
the road for the Web, with Google moving to leverage its dominant market
share and brand to created an installed base (just as Microsoft had done
with Windows) on the desktop and mobile devices (see: Google Android, and,
more specifically, the anticipated Google Chrome for Android,) with which it
can dominate every application category it wishes to dominate, just as
Microsoft did with MS Office in the office productivity space, which
strangled Corel's Wordperfect, Lotus 1-2-3 and similar competing products.
Thus, Google's move into the browser and offline application space, which
happened almost at once, is troubling in that it gives Google the same
position Microsoft had with Windows on the desktop, which it established
through illegal agreements with PC manufacturers, and for which it was fined
in the billions of dollars. So while the means by which Google is securing
this unfair position is legal, i.e. by leveraging its market share and
brand, the advantage itself remains an unfair one, with the consequence
being that Google is working to dominate the the mobile phone, the desktop
and the Web, which would greatly stifle innovation, which depends strongly
on the existence of a diverse and healthy market with many producers,
without any one producer having an unfair position.
For companies competing against Google , it's not any better or worse than
it used to be under the Microsoft monopoly for companies that have to
compete with Google .
But it's much worse for us the people because what is at stake now is much
bigger. It's no longer about our PCs and LANs, it's about the future of the
entire Web.
You could argue that the patent system protects smaller companies from
having their products and innovations copied and co-opted by bigger
competitors like Google. However, during the Microsoft dominated era, very
few companies succeeded in suing them for patent infringement. I happen to
know of one former PC software company and their ex CEO who succeeded in
suing Microsoft for $120M. But that's a rare exception to a common rule: the
one with the deeper pockets always has the advantage in court (they can drag
the lawsuit for years and make it too costly for others to sue them.)
Thus, given that Google is perceived as a growing monopoly, which many see
as having acquired too much power, too fast, without the wisdom to use that
power responsibly, I'm not too surprised, in retrospect, that so many people
had welcomed the Web 3.0 vision.
1. What leaps to mind as far as Google's lack of wisdom is their cooperation
with the Chinese government, not in something positive and of benefit to the
people, but in oppressing the already-oppressed (see: Google Chinese
*Related *
   1. Beyond Google: The Road To a P2P
   2. P2P Energy Economy (active
*Update *
Google's shareholders, on advice from Google's Board of Directors, have voted
proposals that would have compelled Google to change its human rights
policies (for the better.)

@_date: 2009-01-30 10:39:36
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Europe Basks as U.S.-Style Capitalism Draws Fire 
"For years, Europe's more-regulated model of capitalism has been maligned by
many economists as a study in second-rate market economics. Now, as world
leaders seek a way out of the crisis -- and aim to avoid repeating it --
U.S.-style capitalism is under siege and the European model is getting
another look."
In the Wall Street Journal out of all places...

@_date: 2009-02-28 17:48:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no energy 
Going by the analysis (or lack of!) no one has yet showed me a rational
argument why gallium is peaking or has peaked.
It's that sort of assertion without analytical backup that I'm arguing
against, not that demand/supply economics works.
If you have read the P2P Energy Economy model (now frozen/abandoned and
being forked to yield a more realistic/less ambitious model) you'll see that
I take demand/supply dynamics apart and show why over and under production
can both be eliminated as part of a model that supports sustainable
abundance, i.e. walks away from scarcity-enforcing supply/demand
The argument I was making in this thread (overall) is about the LACK of
analysis (or proper analysis) behind the claim that gallium supplies have
peaked. The thread I'm referring to is called "List of Articles for Gallium
... " and it's on the P2P Research list.
The argument about the argument:
1. If an argument produces a the same pattern when viewed from all angles
and positions then it's an empty argument.
2. If an argument produces a completely different pattern when viewed from
different positions and angles then it's a highly contested argument.
3. A reasonable argument produces a slightly different pattern when viewed
from different positions and angles. This way people have room for seeing
things differently but everyone still sees the same thing.
I generally start with  (chaos) to get the most debate going and lead to
 after much debate, so I can understand how if you look at what I had said
initially from different position and even just a slightly different angle
you would have seen something completely different, and I'm tempted to
engage in the debate but I have a better idea now for a more efficient
Going deeper into the meta argument, in very technical way, the
mathematician Penrose had done some work on extremely simple rules that give
rise to an 'infinitely non-repeating pattern' way before modern science
discovered the same behavior (e.g. cellular automata) so the next currency
model I'm designing, the one based on cpu and man hours for p2p open
software production, is going to start from  not  so there will be far
less debate but also far less wrestling with everyone.
Not that I'm tired, just that I think efficiency is key to scalability, and
that applies to generalized debates (and generalized exchanges, too!)
On Sat, Feb 28, 2009 at 4:46 PM, Josef Davies-Coates <

@_date: 2009-03-01 02:08:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sun's McNealy: Some feds see open source as 
"McNealy cited an open-source development project Sun worked on with Health
and Human Services Department, during which a federal official said "that
open source was anti-capitalist." That sentiment, McNealy fears, is not
unusual or isolated."
I realized today that capitalism not only creates scarcity in physical
resources but also scarcity in emotional wisdom, which is far more damaging
to society than scarcity in physical resources. But so did communism for
that matter. Ideologies in general create a scarcity in wisdom and openness.
As a side note, with respect to the commons vs a reciprocal
abundance-sustaining economy, I am starting to see that a balance is needed
between the emotional wisdom of the commons (although some see the commons
as an ideology) and the efficiency/scalability of equitable exchange models.

@_date: 2009-03-01 11:03:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scarcity Creation: Modus Operandi for Closed 
*From Slashdot
"CNet reports on a bizarre comment from Sony's Computer Entertainment
CEOin response to
from developers on how hard it is to develop games for the Playstation
'We don't provide the "easy to program for" console that (developers) want,
because "easy to program for" means that anybody will be able to take
advantage of pretty much what the hardware can do, so then the question is,
what do you do for the rest of the nine-and-a-half years?'
*I think what he meant to say is "if a bunch of developers sitting in their
garage can develop a game for the PS3 then if we refuse to publish it, given
on our own political agenda (of concentrating control in the hands of the
few so we can control the business) the developers would release it
themselves and give rise to a homebrew scene that would undermine our
revenue. If we do publish it then our bread-and-butter game development
partners, our allies in the game, will be threatened because they cannot
compete with the cost structure of small development shops."
Funny this has not happened on the Xbox but the fears Japanese companies
like Sony and Nintendo have of the garage development community are very
visible in their policies. I once developed a game for the Nintendo Gameboy
advanced at my own cost then went to Nintendo and they asked me to show
significant financial backing or significant revenue and a history in
publishing successful games, so I released a few copies in prototype form on
hacked cartridges that cost $200, i.e. they killed the project to ensure
that only big producers with big cost structures (which make them slaves to
the perpetual growth principle) can play the game.*

@_date: 2009-03-02 03:27:24
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater fears 
If money (the way it is today) is used by people to obstruct far greater
fears/insecurities then how do we get rid of it?
It is in fact a drug, so telling people not to do drugs (especially a very
legal one like money) is not going to be easy ... Nicotine patches (i.e. the
kind of money that hurts less) will help but it won't be easy...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I guess all us programmers think alike.
I'm already experimenting with "near zero cost" software production services
and people's behavior (as documented through the exchanges I've had to date,
which I will anonymize and publicize as part of a study) is very interesting
and defeats every economic theory out there, including my own thinking on
'equitable exchnge' (or "at cost" exchange)
I put out this ad on Craigslist - Manhattan, and I picked Manhattan because
it's the bustling center of capitalism. I wanted the input to the experiment
to be well defined, with as little ambiguity as possible.
See: So what is $250 (upfront cost of the service) for a local developer with my
experience when programmers in Belarus (who have contacted me following the
ad) charge 10X the money for the same service?
It is basically "near zero" relative to the market price of the service but
to me it is roughly how much it would cost me in calories and coffee to
deliver the service.
So that's me experimenting with my own theory of "trading at the cost in
work energy it takes to produce and deliver the good or service."
The result is very mind opening.
It seems that "trade" has far more deeper emotional/psychological dimensions
than rational ones.
Rationally, you'd think people would be hounding me to work on their iPhone
this and iPhone that.
I have great samples to show them and I have a 100% rational step-driven
interaction process that I designed carefully to be as rationally assuring
as possible so that a rational person would experience a flow-through
process from initial contact to delivery.  I will publish this interaction
process as part of the study, in anonymized fashion.
I also say something nice about their idea and thank them for their interest
So you would think that paying for software production as a service at a
price that is 10X less than what you'd get from a programmer in Belarus and
10X less than what you'd get from the lowest market price out there, at
conceivably 10X the quality, combined very powerful/creative demos (work
samples) and an exact, logical (yet emotionally positive/affirming)
interaction process in a very hot market (relative to the state of the
general market) would results in people 'begging' to get the service.
What is happening, however, is that if I read deeply (or listen deeply) to
their intent what they really want (which is hugely obfuscated by the way
language is used in business dialog) is that they have other unmet needs
that supercede making money and it may be scary for some to realize that
they CAN actually produce that idea they have been fantasizing about (many
have told me of their iPhone ideas that they have been fantasizing about for
a while) which then exposes them to the fear of what if the idea does not
sell once it's made? will that expose them to their insecurities which are
now hiding behind a cost barrier?
In other words, I am realizing that trade has many hidden dimensions, one of
which that some people, some of the time, actually need to hide behind
barriers like the barrier of something being too costly to attain.
Yes, when people are given a zero barrier to a certain want or need that
they did not realistically think they could have but always dreamt about
having then they may prefer the dream to the reality.
For example, as I said already, let's say that these people are mostly
dreamers (because the ad I wrote probably appeals most to that segment) and
they have this one idea that they have been harboring and dreaming about for
a while and it has become a psychological shelter like: if only I can make
this idea happen I will be all set. So when someone comes to them and offers
to make the idea at near-zero cost (i.e. lowers the barrier enough that they
can simply walk over it, and even if they had no legs they can crawl over
it) then all the sudden they pull back. They recognize something wrong has
happened: they need the dream of having the product more than they need the
actual product.
Now, if I was to change the barrier so that it is just a little beyond their
reach, e.g. $2,500 instead of $500, then they would feel a strong pull from
their other insecurity: "if I can only take a little more risk I bet I will
The people are invited to check out some really clever and powerful iPhone
demos I've made (mostly game physics/graphics related) and they are invited
to talk to former CEOs, VCs, etc, i.e. an over abundance of assurance of my
ability to make their dream happen, and I am genuine about wanting to help
them realize their dreams (in my spare time.) It's an experiment at one
level and a genuine desire to help people at another level (without over
stretching myself)
So the conclusion from this is that "trade" or "exchange" is a pyschological
game with many up-till-now hidden dimensions. Equal exchange maybe less
favorable than unequal exchange or vice versa, and we cannot decide on what
will make people engage and complete an exchange unless we understand their
psychological motives.
If I offer the service completely for free, then people who want
"dependence" on others as a way to live will definitely want to complete the
exchnge but only if "I" take care of them and cater to their every need.
Same if I offer it for money. It does not change a thing. Peopel are willing
to pay to be able to have such dependence on someone, and my process is
totally against dependence. I want to empower them to co-produce the product
and I want them to achieve their dream, but they may want to purchase
dependence or get dependence for free and cling to their dream instead of
turning it into a reality.
As you see, it has nothing to do with rational thought and everything to do
with emotional/psychological needs.
There are people of course who want to be empowered to achieve their dream.
I have yet to see any such people in my so-far limited sample (I got about 6
or 7 inquiries in the last 2 days since I posted the ad)
I am sure a larger sample set would have a larger variety of people, but
even though I picked New York, the city that never sleeps and the capital of
the capitalist world, I still have a sample (so far) that's made up entirely
of people who are afraid and who view money as a barrier to hide behind when
it's convenient and to jump across (if they're feeling daring enough) but
never as a means for equitable exchange, i.e. money always associated with
deeper fears and insecurities than the fear of money itself.
I'll update you on how the experiment evolves but I could easily say that
"phase I: removing the fear of money itself by making it almost irrelevant
through at-cost trading" is now done (ready to move on to Phase II) and the
conclusions I'm making from Phase I is that people have far deeper
fears/insecurities than money, and they use money as both a protective
barrier (blame their state on their lack of money) or as a great gap that
they dare themselves to jump across (blame their state on their lack of risk
taking, which if overcome with counter-phobia can lead to gambling or worse:
throwing money out of the window to prove their courage)
The relationship man has with "money" is one where man uses money to
obfuscate far deeper fears.

@_date: 2009-03-02 11:22:38
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater 
Or to put it in more dramatic terms: "he who controls the spice controls the
universe"  (Dune)
In this case, the spice has been adapted by the people as a way to obfuscate
their deeper realities.
Obviously, there is always "more to it..."
But like you said, it doesn't make the conclusion wrong.
There's a complex psychological dependence on money that counters the
intuition that if money was removed or if everyone can get anything they
want at cost then the world will be a better place. It can be, but not until
people become aware of the complexity of their psychological dependence on

@_date: 2009-03-02 11:45:09
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater 
By "a better world" I meant one made of empowered peers, not parent->child
relationships (e.g. state->citizen.)
I should also say that the dependence on money (or on relationship to money)
as a way to obfuscate deeper fears may be more start out as psychological
then end up being neurophysiological, so throwing people into a new future
world where they can be truly empowered as peers may suddenly bring up a lot
of up-till-then hidden fears and self doubt the effect of which makes some
people want to go back to today's world or confront their own insecurities.
I think about these things because I want to understand my _own_
relationship to money (me being on the counter-phobic side of the equation,
where I tend to hrow money out of the window, at least up to this
realization about the deeper fears)
So I'm not just an observer but also embedded in the equation and I use the
thinking exercises and model development as a way to evolve my understanding
of 'our' psychological relationship to money.
Casting money as a mechanism rather than a drug is possible of course but it
can't be complete without the understanding the psychology of our
relationship to [today's] money]

@_date: 2009-03-02 12:34:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater 
I know I tend to simplify things to sound bites (sometimes) to incite debate
(the metaphor stuck with me is the sand particle that causes the irritation
that allows the pearl to form.)  But not sure if that's the way I want do it
going forward, i.e. thinking of dropping all such technology.
Back to careful analysis, I was not saying that money was invented to
obfuscate fears. I actually did not go that deep with respect to why it came
to be. I made no assumption why the money we use was invented (and you may
be right in your conclusion/concurrence) But I was only saying that the way
we have adopted it and the way we 'use' it (or 'abuse' it) is much like a
I'm off to a little town in the middle-of-nowhere in Arizona, so I'll be
offline for a while.
But someday we will get there, in one form or another, and we don't even
have to move in the same direction to get there. We just need to move.
Thanks for the insight and follow up.

@_date: 2009-03-02 13:33:48
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater 
True.. but I don't keep track of the order I do it. Sometimes i would think
things through very deeply then come to the gmail box and reduce it to sound
bites, then people get incited to debate and that's when I reveal my hand ..
it works out like poker sometimes.
Being self reflective, i think that one should always question their own
unconscious behavior... I often think of these exchanges as "open source
group therapy" and n this context someone is bound to get scared (of facing
their own fears) and if they happen to be in position of power they'll shut
you out and then they write a diatribe about it.
So it's better in my evolved opinion to take a more neutral approach at all
the different levels.... i.e. going from "creativity" to "compromise"
I better go pack :-)
Later guys

@_date: 2009-03-06 15:57:33
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Living with solar energy (learning notes) 
I'm currently staying at a ranch near the Arizona-Mexico border urrounded by
amazing mountain views with no sight of any human artifact (besides the
ranch itself)... Illegal Mexican immigrants cross the border near the main
town here and the border patrol has been having gun fights with drug
traffickers. The ranch where we are is inaccessible on foot and only way to
get to it is by trucks with really good suspension. The postal address is a
single mailbox located 10 miles away on Route 80. Everything runs on solar
except the hot water and stove which run on propane.
I'm upgrading the current solar energy infrastructure with the 'latest
commercially available' solar technology for about $15,000, which isn't
economical. The cost makes solar economically feasible only where no other
cheaper source of power is available. This may explain why I see a lot more
houses (or ranches) with solar power here than in Florida, which is another
state where the sun is abundant.
I will have some pictures soon to post to this thread.
Running on the existing system, which uses standard lead-acid (wet cell) car
batteries and silicon-based solar panels, the system is no way able to
sustain normal daily usage so all appliances (currently just one
refrigerator) are on 6 hour/day cycles (in 15 min intervals) and still the
batteries can be drained by 4pm.
Using a generator to charge the batteries is painful since the generator
does not automatically shut off when the batteries are charged and
overcharging can be dangerous. The charger for the new "gel cell" system has
automatic shutdown and I suppose I could build a switch to shut off the
generator when the charger shuts off.
The new batteries are 24 X 2V "gel" cells, which are supposed to last much
longer than wet cell batteries in terms of their lifetime. They are also
supposed to hold much more power so we can hook up the freezer, which is
currently not possible.
Yesterday, we had clouds all day so the batteries were depleted by 4pm.
Today, same deal and I can't do much about it until the new system arrives.
This thread shall be continued with more info and photos.
Losing power any minute now ... which sucks.
p.s. very weird that i had spent 3 months thinking about p2p energy and now
i'm actually faced with what it means in practice

@_date: 2009-03-07 12:40:08
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater 
I'm seeing a number or responders who actually get "free" and "at cost" in
the context of peer production and they're all young with no exception.
Older people not only use money to obfuscate deeper fears about themselves
and the world but they are also more suspicious of "free" and "at cost" in
To update you on the experiment, I've just taken two young entrepreneurs on
the basis that if I help them make their dream come true for "free" then
they ought to turn around and help others do the same thing. They get that,
totally, and are very excited about it. They have also demonstrated that
they're willing to do as much of the production as possible and are
interested in doing 100% of the production.
So it's this interest and demonstration of capacity to be their own
producers that really grabs my interest. What drives me is: how many people
can I empower?
While responders from the older crowd (those 25-45 yrs old) backed off the
minute their 'dream' was basically handed to them at a nominal cost (or even
for free had they asked for it) the younger crowd seem to be very excited
and are subscribing to the idea that we can start a model where everyone
helps everyone to become their own producers, and that by doing so everyone
It seems that the older crowd had more than just the fear of failure in the
way of achieving their dreams. After further dialog, it's become clear that
they have resistance to the idea that anyone should be able to produce their
own iPhone idea because the idea of "scarcity creation" as the means for
profit is burnt into their brains. If they uphold the scarcity system then
the skills they've developed in terms of hording power, money, and
intellectual "property" all goes out of the window and they'd have to learn
how to operate in a world where the goal is abundance creation and where
those who enable the most abundance benefit the most.
It seems that in order to start a new economy based on gift giving or
at-cost trading we'd have to start with young people who have not yet
developed a psychologically complex relationship to money and are willing to
leave the world of scarcity behind (the world they know) and embrace the
world of abundance and openness (which has a completely different and far
more positive kind of empowerment)
There is definitely a lot to be learned from putting models in practice and
seeing what works and what doesn't.
Theories concocted on a keyboard change dramatically upon contact with
But as Eisenhower and Clausewitz before him said, "forget the plan; planning
is everything"
Working on theories helps us understand what it is that we really want to
accomplish, but without practice no theory stands a chance of being correct.
What I'm learning now is that I want to empower others and have them empower
others to be their own producers (of iPhone software in my case) and the
easiest way to do it seems to be "free" or "at cost" with YOUNG
participants. The keyword is "YOUNG"
There is a lot more to be learned from continuing with the experimentation
than from thinking about the logic.
I can see huge potential for the P2P Energy Economy but I doubt very much
that an absolute-value currency like the Joule Tokens can be made practical.
The challenge is how to make the currency relative (to something other than
demand and supply) while also making it abundance sustaining. I doubt that
anyone has solved the paradox... but if anyone has any ideas on such types
of currencies please don't hesitate to throw them out there.

@_date: 2009-03-11 10:17:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I first mentioned "equitable exchange" in the P2P Energy Economy which was
due to Patrick Anderson's "at cost" trading evangelism. I did not realize
that "equitable exchange" actually existed as a term, but I had also been
posting that stuff to Joe Jackson's Abundance list, so his usage of it is
encouraging given that I had no idea whether or not I was using the right
Equitable is not necessarily equal. In fact, in most cases it's not equal,
just fair.
As to the idea that all "exchange" is bad even if it's equal or equitable,
all I have to say is that such an opinion represents a huge blind spot.
If I do something for someone for FREE (i.e. not as an exchange) then my act
encourages them to do something for someone else for FREE then that
represents an unconditional exchange of good will from every person in the
chain and the universe (or community) at large. If you do something or give
something to someone for FREE then they feel motivated to return the favor,
but not necessarily to you (and that may not be possible or desired) but to
the next person they meet.
What I'm doing now is providing highly skilled niche software development
service (mobile game development) "at cost" to those who are willing to
learn mobile game development (from the examples and source I give them and
my help along the way) in expectation that they turn around and offer the
same help/service to the next qualified guy "at cost" too. This chain
reaction embodies an unconditional exchange at every link in the chain. It's
a "probabilistic exchange." The probability that the people I provide this
service to will learn the skills and turn around and offer the same help I'm
giving them to someone else (who is qualified) is partly determined by my
ability to select the right people. So it's not a "generalized exchange" but
a "probabilistic exchange" where my judgment and the judgment of every
person in the chain partly determines the probability that the next person
in the chain will continue the chain of 'forward exchange.'  I think it's
commonly called "pay it forward" or something like that.  So I guess the
right way to describe it is "probabilistic forward exchange.'
I cannot see how you can have any movement or flow of anything in a system
without an 'exchange' but the exchange does not have to be a reciprocal one
or even a generalized one. It can be a probabilistic forward exchange or any
type of exchange (and I'm sure all exchange models have been already tried
throughout history)
Finding ways to make exchanges of all types more efficient is what currency
design is all about. In my case, I'd like to model a currency that sustains
abundance and that is liberating and just. Such currency is not only
possible, it's essential if we are to have a sustainable existence.
No movement or flow can happen without an exchange between the thing
moving/flowing and it's environment. For example, at the Lagrangian points
around the earth's orbit, where in certain points the gravity completely
cancels out, there is no exchange and there is no movement. In order to have
any movement or flow there must be an exchange.

@_date: 2009-03-12 10:59:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] opening up the iphone 
I had commented on this publicly on Venture Beat and elsewhere when the
developer program was announced back about a year ago.
More recently, I've been thinking a lot about how Apple does business and
why their products are phenomenally better than those of the competition,
even when the competition is Google. In other words, I have looked at both
the pros and cons of being a closed system vendor.
The only problem for me now is I'm off the grid and internet access is
sporadic, and so is my bandwidth.
I can write a post and send it to you by email before Monday. Let me know if
that works for you timing wise.
Unrelated: I did send photos of the ranch here and the solar stuff with
learning notes etc but it was too large so it's awaiting moderation

@_date: 2009-03-12 11:02:28
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] list admin 
I sent some "photos" documenting my experience with off-the-grid living and
solar tech and I would like to send photos of the new solar generation
system as it's being installed etc
Due to size of the photos, the messages are being held for moderation
I had sent two messages containing the photos, one without learning notes
and one with learning notes, so you may approve the latter/latest one.

@_date: 2009-03-12 10:45:35
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: ((photos)) // Re: Living with solar energy 
For some reason this bounced back...
These are photos of the ranch in Arizona where I'm staying (for a while)
The old solar system is being replaced but the new "gel cell" batteries were
out of stock due to huge increase in demand and are being manufactured. We
should get them soon so we can install the new solar tech, which I believe
is Gallium based (I'll check the spec soon)
The ranch is not on the USPS, FedEx or UPS database of postal/physical
addresses. It is literally in the middle of nowhere, but only a few miles
from the Mexican border. The big industries in the closest town are: Copper
(abandoned now... was major contributor to higher cancer rates), Solar
Energy (as a market... most of the components are made elsewhere),  and
border surveillance technology including unmanned airplanes.
Anyway, new learnings re: solar tech:
1. Technicians will install panel array pointing to magnetic south pole.
This has to be corrected to point to the actual south pole.
2. The angle at which the panels have to be during the summer is 20 degrees
and 40 degrees for winter. It's best to set it at 30 degrees if you don't
care to adjust it once installed, but every degree makes a difference, so
it's best to adjust the panel at least twice a year.
3. The cost of a tracker (to move the panels to track the sun in the sky) is
equal to the cost of two new solar panels which provide a larger power delta
than the tracker, so there is a market opportunity here for someone to
design a tracker that costs $200 as opposed to $2000. It's all timer based,
not actual optical tracking, so it should be doable for $40-$80 in used
4. The gel cell lead-acid batteries last about 12 years on average, and they
require a deep cycle charger.
5. A watt meter is essential tool to test all appliance for power usage but
there is an opportunity to develop a meter that is in sync with the battery
charge status such that it could tell you that at night time when you're
coasting on stored energy the meter could tell you how much time you will
have left before the energy store runs out if you plug in a given appliance.
For now, I have to go up to the shed where the batteries are and measure the
charge after the sun sets and then calculates based on that which appliance
we can have turned on so that we don't lose power in the middle of the
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The attached photos are:
1. The old solar system (being replaced this weekend with newer solar
tech): the photo shows the water tank, the solar panels, and another
set of solar panels hiding behind the water tank which power the water
pump. The shed where the power inverter, charger and all power
2. View from back porch
3. Solar powered electric shock fence (to keep the horses from running
away... which is something I don't understand)
4. Another view of the surrounding desert area from higher elevation
5. Picture of Music, the horse
Learning a lot of things about owning and operating solar power
stations. More about that later....

@_date: 2009-03-14 12:47:20
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] opening up the iphone 
Hi Michel,
Here are some notes that I hope to get some help in turning into a
full blog post (due to severe time constraints over here)
The following are some notes in response to the WSJ article regarding
the emergence of hacker-founded startups that aim to profit from the
sale of "jailbroken" games and applications (that may otherwise not be
approved by Apple for sale on the iTunes AppStore for whatever reason,
e.g. adult content or applications that undermine Apple's closed
business model) and liberate the market for iPhone games and
. Customers who "jailbreak" their iPhones (i.e. allow it to run
unofficial software) are not likely to pay for games and applications
at the iTunes AppStore or at any other store because the hacker
culture, which underlies the jailbreaking trend, is predicated on the
idea that software should be free. Therefore, the "paid" jailbroken
market is expected to remain a very limited niche market (e.g. limited
to porn and applications that compete with Apple's existing or planned
applications and services, which, thus far, have been much better
executed than those of the competition) and is therefore highly
unlikely to put a dent in Apple's iTunes AppStore revenue.
. Apple may benefit from having a small gray market for the relatively
small percentage of customers who do not normally pay for apps/games
at the iTunes store AND are willing to take the risk of a voided
warranty (and potential damage to the jailbroken device caused
deliberately by future Apple firmware updates) since the existence of
such a market would keep such customers from switching to Android or
other open mobile platforms.
. Apple will be announcing a Premium AppStore for the iPhone and iPod
Touch that will feature sophisticated games and applications (to run
on the next generation iPhone hardware) that will cost as much as $20
per download. A "paid" jailbroken market where games and applications
sell for $20 is not realistic because, once again, the primary reason
people jailbreak their phones is to run free games and applications.
Having said that, it's very possible for certain developers (and
consequently the jailbroken market operators who sell those
developers' software) to make substantial profit from adult titles or
applications in the non-Premium price range of $0.99-$1.99 that offer
great missing utility which Apple may wish to have as part of the
iPhone OS but has not yet thought about.
So far so good. Apple, the developers, and the market all benefit.
The serious issue for Apple comes about when a developer decides to
patent a certain critical utilitarian feature that is missing from the
iPhone OS and that Apple has not thought about (and has not patented)
and offer it for sale through an independent store. In such a case,
Apple will not be able to shutdown that developer's revenue or take
away their leverage which gives that developer the ability to battle
Apple in court and force them paying license fee for use of the
developer's patent. In other words, the emergence of hacker-founded
jailbroken markets is empowering to the developer, and while Apple may
benefit from such 3rd party markets they will ultimately force it to
open up it's business model.
However, such change won't come overnight; and it may take up to a
decade before Apple realizes that it has to strike a better balance
between sustaining the current production parameters and embracing
openness since closed production systems are destined to die, no
matter how well they're put together.
But that's not to say that open production systems survive longer just
because they're open; since they must also have a balance between
sustaining competitive production parameters and openness.
In other words, the notion of a purely open or purely closed
production system is reflective of flawed thinking that can only
results in the demise of the given production system.
p.s. I'll blog this when it's done on Evolving Trends, too.

@_date: 2009-03-15 10:26:37
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Writing AutoPurge plugin for MailMan (was: Re: 
The password was visible to all including anyone who is not a list
member who can view the list archive.
Thus, we should consider the possibility that someone took the
password and made him/herself an admin and changed the password.
Patrick's method is the right way imo

@_date: 2009-03-17 11:45:31
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
Dear all,
Has anyone made the distinction between the openness of the production
organization and openness of the schemes and code to be produced by that
The production of open source software and hardware is typically governed by
a hierarchical organization of leaders, co-leaders, and contributors and,
while there can be N different distributions or versions of software or
hardware produced by N such organizations, each production organization is a
closed system with usually one leader at the top of the hierarchy, a few 2nd
tier leaders (or co-leaders), project managers and tens to thousands of
contributors, all governed by an implicit or explicit set of governance
rules (e.g. democratic voting, leader dictates, leader decides by consensus,
In contract, the software code or hardware scheme itself (as opposed to the
production organization) is completely open.
So when people say "open manufacturing" or "open source software" or "open
source hardware" they only describe the process, code or scheme. They do not
describe the "production organization" which is made of people not code or
schemes and which matters more than the code or schemes.
It's just as important IMO to open up the production organizations, by using
process hierarchies instead of structural hierarchies, as it is to open up
the software or hardware produced by those organizations.
People forget that the reason for openness is to evolve higher consciousness
as a society (of people) and so by opening up the software and hardware but
keeping the human production systems entrenched in structural hierarchies
(as opposed to process hierarchies) we only win half of the battle. It's far
more important at this point in the evolution of the openness movement to
focus on opening up the production organizations by abandoning structural
hierarchies where the power if those at the top increases with the increase
in the size of the hierarchy giving us bureaucrats as the final answer!
It is important to start thinking of 'process hierarchies' which allow
orderly and constructive production systems but do not create fixed centers
of power (or dependency)
I will be adding this as a new section to the P2P Energy Economy under "Open
Production Organization" and add that as a pre-requisite for Sustainable
2009/3/16 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-03-17 14:46:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
Thanks for the feedback.
One clarification: by 'process hierarchy' I am referring to those
hierarchies that are built and rebuilt with every phase of the project or
with every project using some constraints per each position, e.g. circuit
designer must be qualified EE with some peer-assigned job-related credit
points to his name, and a Google-search-like selection algorithm where a
random producer is picked from the range of producers that satisfy the
search constraints. And then you do this in every cycle where a cycle maybe
a complete project or one major and distinct phase of a project and you do
it for all positions in the hierarchy.
I did not know what 'process hierarchy' meant or even that it existed as a
concept. I had asked folks here what I should be calling the type of
hierarchy that results from the process described above and David said he
believed it may be called a 'process hierarchy' as opposed to a structural
So in this definition, process hierarchies do not create fixed centers of
power/dependency because they are constantly built and rebuilt.
Another clarification: I do not believe in complete openness or complete
closedness when it comes to production organizations/systems. I believe that
in order to maintain the desired 'production parameters' (e.g. quality,
price, creativity, novelty, uniqueness, coolness, etc) there must be some
part of the production organization/system that is "closed" or "fixed"
(despite being transparent.) There is also the competitive need to retain
'some' mystery that no "openness"  or "transparency" will ever eliminate,
simply because the most nobel of us still want to do better or outdo others
to push the production parameters to a higher state and in order to do that
while promoting sustainable abundance (in production) through openness a
little bit of mystery must be retained. No one can be completely open and
still able to compete (to push the evolutionary envelop, not for personal
profit). I find that people, no matter how well intentioned they are with
respect to openness and transparency will still hold a few bits of wisdom
within them undisclosed. So my point here is that I don't believe in
complete openness or complete closedness but in a formulation of both that
encourages both the sustainable abundance as well as the evolution of
production systems. There is always a bit of mystery that has to be retained
in order for the fittest to survive (and not be out done.) I think we have
to consider that in the dialog about openness as it gives us a hint IMO that
what we should be looking for is the optimum formulation or model for
enabling both sustainable abundance and Darwinian evolution and not focus on
openess or closedness in and by themselves.
Or maybe I'm wrong...
My thoughts anyway

@_date: 2009-03-18 17:12:40
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] AIG bonuses: the end of instant gratification? 
I was watching this
Obama talking about the AIG bonuses and I caught him saying that he
wanted the bonuses to be based on performance, as if they are based on the
lottery now.
A worker's individual performance can only be estimated subjectively in
terms of how it affects the company's performance, especially for large
corporations where there are a great number of contributors to each gain or
loss and a great degree of inter-dependency between the workers.
A worker's performance metric is like a peer trust metric in that it is
prone to being gamed/rigged both deliberately or inadvertently.  That is
true of any subjective metric.
The only thing in Obama's statement that makes sense (which he can be
excused for not explaining in detail) is if we were to keep the bonuses and
pay them only 5 years after the worker's exit (when the worker leaves the
company) based on the average of the company's performance (measured  in the
period of the worker's employment + 5 years. For example, those who left AIG
prior to mid 2003 the bonuses would have much higher bonuses than those who
are leaving AIG now or who will leave it in the future (due to the abysmal
effect of the 2008 collapse on the company average performance.) It's not a
perfect solution but if that's what Obama meant when he said that it's not
fair that "people make $6M bonuses when things are good and then get bailed
out by taxpayers when things are bad" then I think it could lead to a more
fair system.

@_date: 2009-03-19 05:33:19
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] AIG bonuses: the end of instant gratification? 
I don't mean to change the subject (so you may ignore) but I'm looking at
Umair's work in terms of the speed at which ideas lead to consequences...
"A few weeks ago, I posted the
taxing bonuses at a 99.9 % marginal rate. It sounded absurd at the
Now, it's reality. After House Democrats proposed doing so,"
Did Congress pick up the idea from the Web? and specifically did Umair's
post give birth to proposed legislation in a matter of weeks?
If someone as well known and powerful as Bill Gates goes out and says
something it does not become proposed legislation without a major lobbying
effort. So what are the circumstances that allow an idea to have such swift
consequence on reality?
If there is actually a cause and effect link between Umair's post and the
proposed legislation re: 99.9% tax on bonuses then is it a luck game or a
matter of saying the right thing at the right time?
My interest relates to understand how to bond ideas more closely (and
effectively) to their consequence. I think that it's a combination of acute
intuition about what to say and when to say it.
As a footnote, I don't know what Umari's underlying principles, beliefs,
assumptions are.  It would be nice in people's social profile for them to
state their principles, beliefs, and assumptions, so communication and
exchange between the messenger and the recipient can be more effective and
p.s. travelling back to Seattle today, officially homeless (and lovin' it)

@_date: 2009-03-19 07:43:58
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] AIG bonuses: the end of instant gratification? 
That's what I needed to know, more or less.
"*Light beats heavy. Open beats closed. Free beats paid. Good beats evil."*
It may be necessary to take sides to be effective in the short term.
However, my own view is evolving toward this:
An optimum mix of light and heavy is better than light or heavy.
An optimum mix of open and closed is better than open or closed.
An optimum mix of free and paid is better than free or paid.
As to good and evil, they are subjective qualities so I would (personally)
say that an optimum mix of light and heavy, open and closed, free and paid
is good, not evil.
This is not to draw a direct comparison with someone who is far more
effective than myself but it's the ideal/idea that some of us evolve to
after working in black and white (for instant effect) for a long time.
I'm sure he would agree to take another look at his white beats black look
at the world.
To pick a side is to enforce scarcity in possibilities.

@_date: 2009-03-19 07:58:13
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] AIG bonuses: the end of instant gratification? 
I am sure he's got a strategy not just sound bites!
Will start looking at his work!
Thanks for the note

@_date: 2009-03-21 08:53:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
Instead of erecting organizational barriers to control their development
process and their turf, the open source development model brings all its
artefacts in the open:
Well, this is NOT true of he "open source" development model for Linux
kernel, Firefox, the KDE, genome or any open source software project out
there. There is always a hierarchy that creates fixed centers of power and
dependency. When Google recently plucked out top leaders from the Firefox
development/production organization others who were deemed to be equally
qualified are positioned to fill in. If that was to happen constantly to the
major open source projects then the production organization would be truly
open, but it does not happen often and most open source development
organizations change very slowly, i.e. their hierarchy is fixed or very slow
changing and the organization is thus slow at renewing itself.
At this point, I have to clarify what defines "open organization" for me: an
organization that is able to renew its resources (the people) on continuous
basis such that no fixed or long lasting centers of power or dependency are
allowed to be created within its production process/hierarchy.
A closed production organization, which is what most if not all open source
development organizations behave like, is one that is not able to renew its
resources on continuous basis and thus suffers from having fixed or long
lasting centers of power and dependency within its production
Try going to the Firefox team, presenting your credentials and replacing one
of the team leaders. You can't. You run against a barrier. That is not an
OPEN production system. An open system should allow itself to renew its
resources (the people that make up its production hierarchy) by allowing an
outside "qualified" resource (for the given position in the hierarchy) to
replace the existing resource for that position (at each cycle or phase in a
project or for each new project.) Instead, what you get is entrenched
centers of power and dependency that make renewal of an organization
impossible, which is why I am sserting that the majority if not all of the
so-called "open source" development organizations are CLOSED organizations
in essence, and only "open" on the surface.
So that paragraph you quote Michel, while very well intentioned, has a blind
spot IMO when it comes to how open source development organizations behave.
It's very possible and likely that people at say the Linux kernel
development group (which falls under Linus as a production hierarchy) will
allow themselves to be replaced by equally qualified outsiders but that
needs to happen on systematic basis, without political barriers (of people
wanting to retain power and thus making up all sorts of excuses to refuse to
renew the position they occupy in the hierarchy, especially for the high up
positions, unless in case of Firefox and Googlethey're given financial
incentive to leave, i.e. the position becomes a trade-able item, so only the
nobel and emlightened would give up what they worked hard for)
Again, I'm not saying I'm right. I'm just pointing out something interesting
and counter to the mainstream view about open source development.

@_date: 2009-03-21 09:06:35
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
Well, what you say is certainly true and valid when you consider community
dynamics and other factors.
My definition of "open production system" overlaps with "renewable
production system", i.e. if it's not designed to renew itself then it's not
designed to be "open"
There are of course many meaning of "open" and I think the word itself is
That's why I believe we ought to look beyond "open" and "closed" and
consider the optimum model for sustainability and evolution, which would
have a mix of open and closed (or not so open) aspects.
It's a complex issue indeed which is why it requires a complex answer, not
black or white like closed vs open.

@_date: 2009-03-21 10:06:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
Hi Rynan
My last response to P2P research list bounced, so given your a
moderater here pls see if you can unjam it.

@_date: 2009-03-21 10:19:38
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
I'm sorry I'm replying in bursts, but I wanted to add that I'm not
thinking about "uncontrolled process" for open production, I am
thinking about "renewable hierarchies" that would allow the production
system to renew itself. The very top of each hierarchy is usually the
most resistant to renewal. Hence the need for a production process
hierarchy that constantly renews.
But I agree that the issue is complex and requires a complex answer
that has to take reality not just logical analysis into consideration.

@_date: 2009-03-22 10:28:43
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Open Source 
By 'subjective' I was referring to the set of aspects of openness (or the
set of requirements for openness) that Ryan brought into the discussion.
Not everyone agrees on the scope of that set, and therefore not everyone
agrees on what defines open.
For example, in my definition (which is subjective) I include all the
aspects Ryan mentioned plus the following:
1. The production organization/process/system must be able to renew (not
just reuse) its resources (both labor and material) over time so as not to
created long-lasting centers of power and dependency within its hierarchy.
2. The production organization/process/system must be part of the greater
whole, i.e. maximum autonomy through maximum inter-dependence, and all such
greater wholes must themselves be open (by this extended definition), i.e.
they must be able to renew their resources (both labor and material)
3. The production organization/process/system must retain some mystery in
some sense in order for it to compete against other instances of itself or
other production organizations/processes/systems that exist in the same
market. That is because the market can only support a finite number of
producers so competition will happen naturally as a way of limiting the
number of producers. Therefore, those organizations that are completely open
(ones that do not retain any mystery) will be copied and out done and thus
eliminated from the gene pool.
4. The production organization/process/system must be open to change in its
design not just open to renewal of its labor and material. The design must
evolve and trial and error evolutionary process must be embraced, including
acceptance of the risk for catastrophic or fatal errors, i.e. acceptance of
You may think these are extreme conditions (or aspects of the requirements
for openness) but I think they're essential for a high-performance open
economy. And that's why the definition of 'open' is subjective (in terms of
the what conditions/aspects must be satisfied before we consider a system to
be open. I happen to be in the extreme camp because when I happen to have an
extreme need for extreme change (from the current state.) Some may do with a
smaller set of requirements. And some may go even further than I have in my
set of requirements. Hence, the subjectivity of what is 'open.'

@_date: 2009-03-22 13:37:26
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Energy Economy: Re-Launched with Major Fix to 
P2P Energy Economy: Re-Launched with Major Fix to Exchange Model*
3.00.00 (Re-Launched)
Major changes from 2.x:
- Introduction of Fair Exchange, which is defined as the median cost in work
energy it takes to produce and deliver a given good or service PLUS a fixed
reward margin. *The concept of a fixed reward above cost does not replace
the existing concept of 'progressive profit' which encourages producers to
be more efficient as well as take creative risks; it simply applies more
broadly to all human producers even inefficient and non-creative ones since
human beings, unlike machines, need a guaranteed margin of reward for their
work (above the cost of the work) to use for rest and enjoyment of life*. In
this sense, the exchange model has been upgraded to work for human beings,
or, put another way, the goal of the exchange model has been changed from
maximum efficiency to sustainable efficiency. * <-- this is a natural
progression on the evolutionary ladder for a model of the economy designed
by an efficiency focused engineer (who understands machines and systems far
better than people)*
- Introduction of the requirements for a Open Production System as part of
conditions for sustainable abundance.  *<--- this emerged from our
discussion here on open production organizations/systems/processes *
MarcFawzi  19:54, 22 March 2009
The model is far more viable IMO after the addition of a fixed reward margin
Release 3.00.00 is available at: Personal update:
All comments are welcome, but please note that I'm literally on the road at
this time, hoping from one cheap motel to another (not what you think) and
trying to find cheap (or at cost) housing to avoid total homelessness, so
I'm likely to reply to any comments in bursts.
Generally speaking, the more time I had invested in thinking about a better
economy the more I had divorced myself from the existing one.
I have been experimenting with P2P ideals in practice and I'm finding out
that we are building a lot of castles in the air in our theories and
assumptions, but there is still a lot of truth to the movement. For example,
while I found out that people who are not part of the intellectual P2P
movement do not fully understand its propositions (which we take for
granted), for those of us who are part of the movement, we can implement
those propositions, in partial way, by straddling both worlds. I find that
in order for me to get back the resources I gave up (which derived from my
place in the existing system) while upholding my ideals (expressed at length
in the P2P Energy Economy) I have to operate in both worlds at once. For
example, I found out that trying to empower clients as peers by offering my
mobile game/app development service for free or at cost and requiring them
to do some of the production is not something that the majority of people
out there are receptive to, for various reasons, not just fear of a world
without money, and I do need a very significant sample of those willing to
operate in P2P mode in order to make the proposition work.
So what I'm having to do as a result is play the game enforced by the
existing economy while pushing for my ideals among like-purposed
individuals. This is difficult since I have to multi-task between two
entirely different paradigms, and even two different versions of myself
(without being clinically inclined in that way)
The important thing is that I'm thoroughly enjoying being conscious of this
duality, as if I now have two worlds to live in not one, one of survival and
the other of discovery, but I'm sure that many of you here have been dealing
with this duality for a while now.
It is difficult to deal with duality in ourselves and others because our
mind is designed to distinguish between opposites (or at least to recognize
opposites as such.)
Anyway, back to the world of survival (for another burst there)

@_date: 2009-03-22 17:56:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Awesome homemade video (from a friend) re: Federal 
There is a note in this video (which has received ~ 10,000 hits) about how
when bankers profit they divide it among themselves and when they lose they
charge the loss to the bank. That's exactly  the useful summary, and our
President has just paid the bankers for their loss because they control the
monetary system that keeps everything going, including the US military and
the US as a whole, including the President and everyone in government and
every single person living in this country (unless you're completely outside
the monetary system)
Check it out (by Jason Hogan, a good friend and an undercover video

@_date: 2009-03-22 18:03:10
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Awesome homemade video (from a friend) re: 
the 10,000 hits were on youtube before they took it down because it sampled
the Batman theme ... he's trying to find a new host for it with better audio
encoding,,, any ideas?

@_date: 2009-03-22 21:14:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological lying? 
Skip to 45:00 minutes through the video and wait for a recount of of Obama's
reversal of promises.
Then forward to 1:01:00 and watch Greenspan saying on PBS that the Federal
Reserve is above the President and above Congress.
Seeing how pathological lying (or pathological reversal of promises) allowed
people that I know intimately to manipulate and deceive their employees,
partners, and investors and as a result profit in the tens of millions of
dollars I can see clearly why Obama finds it tempting and irresistible to
use the same method.
In fact, one can argue that mega success in America is achieved through
pathological lying, manipulation and legally protected theft.

@_date: 2009-03-23 09:22:50
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
more evidence?
*"The Obama Administration's Department of Justice, with former RIAA lawyers
occupying the 2nd and 3rd highest positions in the department, has shown its
colors, intervening on behalf of the
the case against a Boston University graduate student, SONY
BMG Music Entertainment v.
accused of file sharing when he was 17 years old. Its oversized, 39-page
relies upon a United States Supreme Court decision from 1919 which
upheld a statutory damages award, in a case involving overpriced railway
tickets, equal to 116 times the actual damages sustained, and a 2007 Circuit
Court decision which held that the 1919 decision ? rather than the Supreme
Court's more recent decisions involving punitive damages ? was applicable to
an award against a Karaoke CD distributor for 44 times the actual damages.
Of course none of the cited cases dealt with the ratios sought by the RIAA:
2,100 to 425,000 times the actual damages for an MP3 file. Interestingly,
the Government brief asked the Judge not to rule on the issue at this time,
but to wait until after a trial. Also interestingly, although the brief
sought to rebut, one by one, each argument that had been made by the
defendant in his
it totally ignored all of the authorities and arguments that had been made
by the Free Software Foundation in its
Commentators had been fearing that the Obama/Biden administration would be
tools of the RIAA ; does this filing
confirm those fears?"
from /.

@_date: 2009-03-23 11:01:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
I was "triggered" violently by two things in that video (which is over the
top for sure)
1. His Chief of Staff saying that if you're on the no fly zone then you are
not one of us and you're a terrorist. My girlfriend is on the no fly list.
She's born here. American blood. Her family came here in 1700s. She had
participated in anti-war demonstrations. Every time we go to the airport
it's one big fiasco. To say that she and people like her are terrorists is
BLIND and DANGEROUS to the extreme as far as liberty goes.
2. The "civilian security force" he is advocating for and the basic
training. I had lived in a country that implemented those same schemes and
then got into war within 3-5 years after that. This triggers me to the
extreme as I have seen such preparation come before disaster, not after.
3. Broadcasting an official presidential campaign message (on TV) that says
NAFTA was a mistake then turning to the Canadians and saying that it's just
campaign rhetoric.
Because I am triggered by these two events, my trust in Obama is null and
You do have a point in being level headed and applying pressure especially
since he has the upper hand and will continue to have the upper hand no
matter how many people get triggered and angered.

@_date: 2009-03-23 11:19:51
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
Yes, that all makes sense and I support it too in my general outlook and my
long term stance but I am triggered by two very specific things:
1. No fly listed = terrorist. This is similar to what happened in the past
that led to the rise of totalitarian governments. It is in the extreme.
Average Americans are on that list. People born here whose only crime is
that they exercised there right under the Constitution for peaceful
assembly.  This is very very wrong and his Chief of Staff should be fired
for asserting that they will implement this.
2. The civilian security force and the basic training requirements. This is
again taken from the same playbook as  I have seen this kind of
preparation happen before major wars, not just for the heck of it or to be
"prepared."  Why don't they just say prepare for war?
I am very triggered by  and  because they represent an established
pattern for me, per personal experience, which I can shed light on some
other time... when I'm less triggered.
But this mix of conspiracy paranoia with serious dangerous trends is not
helpful to anyone. Someone should put Alex Jones behind bars or just get him
to shut up. Someone more level headed should be in charge of pointing out
calmly and rationally that the above pattern has been observed in other
countries prior to major wars. I can do some research to expand beyond the
two countries I'm familiar with and the two major wars that followed the
establishment of civilian security force and basic training requirement, and
I had lived in one of those two countries against my will (it took us years
to get them to let us leave that country)
I understand that correlations does not equal causation, but it's a pretty
damn strong correlation. Why are they repeating these patterns that had been
associated with preparation for war if they don't think that a war is coming
at some point?
Well, hey maybe I am crazy.

@_date: 2009-03-23 11:21:57
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
I did see it and I commented on it but last I checked my comment was held
for moderation.
I simply said: "this may sound cryptic, but every design carries within it
the seed for its own destruction."

@_date: 2009-03-23 12:23:59
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
Then all Obama is doing is embracing and extending the agenda enacted
by Bush while offering little hope here and there to suspend peoples
judgment or delay it as much as possible.
A little statistical dithering in his decision making gives a warm
fuzzy feeling and makes it easier for the people to like what they
Item  is the extend part of embrace and extend.
I voted for Obama.
So this is all wonderful news to me.
Historically speaking, the establishment of a civilian security force
and basic training has been a precursor to war in   the past.

@_date: 2009-03-24 10:18:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
No that I'm not triggered I can convey the following:
In my experience, a civilian security force and a police state (the no fly
list as a list of enemies) both represent a proven method to get society in
the mind zone for perpetual war and disaster, both manufactured for some
geopolitical purpose, and both serving to control and brainwash the
population to achieve that purpose.
Having said that, I can feel a very dark voice in the  background of all of
this noise and turmoil. In fact, we can all hear it.
Maybe I am being pessimistic and maybe it's because of what's going on in my
personal life at the moment, but the totality of what's happening to people
here in the US and everywhere, the fear that is spreading like unseen but
felt forest fire, is creating this mentally present and dark voice in our
collective conscious. If people start being driven by that voice then it's
over, i.e. fear brings fear like a global epidemic spread through the media
and on the Internet.
What we have to do, in my update opinion, is to listen to the voice of light
and try to meditate to reach a higher state of consciousness, not dwell in
this fear of what's to come because if we continue to listen to the dark
voice in the background we will amplify the fear for ourselves and others.
The world, everyone, is jittery. Those who will survive this wave of fear
are not those who dig in and prepare for war and disaster but those
recognize the fear yet choose to tune into what's positive.
Therefore, I regret latching on and amplifying the fear.
But it's better to recognize it than to live in it or react unconsciously to
it (by digging in and getting ready for the worse)
Once recognized, fear can be dealt with by tuning into the positive things
that are happening all around us and trying to amplify those things, thus
marginalizing the fear.
Does that make sense?

@_date: 2009-03-24 10:45:36
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
I agree that there is no better time than now to search for positive and
radical solutions.
But it's definitely good to recognize the growing fear and the trends that
might lead into war and disaster and keep them in check and educate people
about the significance of those trends.

@_date: 2009-03-24 11:16:14
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
So a summary of what I'm thinking...
1. We need to keep the fear in check, so that we are aware of what is
pushing us and everyone off the cliff
2. We need to find and create many positive and actionable alternatives,
solutions and ideas (the branches of hope) for us and others to latch on to,
to counter balance the thundering river (of fear, despair, extremism,
paranoia) that threatens to take us in (as a civilization) and push us off
the cliff ...
I think the combination of the two should help us focus on the positive,
while keeping the potentially negative trends in check. That's as detached
as I can get from my reptile brain.

@_date: 2009-03-24 12:28:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama's reversal of promises = pathological 
I understand the what you're saying and tend to agree (in context of what
you mean) but I need to clarify the semantics you use, from a general point
of view:
The label "terrorist" is highly overloaded these days. We're all terrorists
in the eye of capitalism for considering peer production over centralized
capital-intensive production. Also, if you demonstrate against the war you
are now a terrorist according to Obama's Chief of Staff (he said that if
you're on the no fly list you;re a terrorist, and known war demonstrators
and organizers are on that list so that makes them terrorists)
Also, reactive "desire" is of subjective nature. It can be good, bad, both
or neither. If I lack reactive desire with my girlfriend during love making
then I must be dead. Same with reactivity with respect to music, poetry or
provocative opinions of others. Reactive and reflexive are the same at one
level since reflexivity is a reaction to internal, external or holistic
feedback. And reflexive desire is essential to self expression.
Reactive anger is a different story. That's what I call being "triggered"
I agree that spreading fear is bad but keeping it in check and letting
people be aware of it (and allowing them to recognize it) is essential
assuming that we also latch on to the positive things (or branches of hope)
around us.
On Tue, Mar 24, 2009 at 12:08 PM, Athina Karatzogianni

@_date: 2009-03-25 13:11:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
How does this money differ in its basic nature from the existing money?
What are its propositions? (or deductively provable benefits)
How does it work with respect to supply-demand economics? Does it enforce
scarcity by moving the price higher with demand? or does it move money into
increased supply?
There are more questions but I'm not sure I'm asking the right ones until I
fully understand the context.
It does sound like you've put a lot of thought into it. I'm just coming at
it from my own context (the P2P Energy Economy) which addresses the above in
a radical way (which may not be practical as what you're suggesting but it
is radical and new so I guess I'm trying to bridge evolutionary to radical
thinking by trying to understand thel aspects (if any) of what you're
proposing that are a radical departure from the kind of economy and currency
we have now.
2009/3/25 Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-25 13:39:23
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
Or, in other words, why do we need it? and how would it change or improve
the system?

@_date: 2009-03-26 00:42:41
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
So wouldn't this offload the cost of the incentive from the government or
treasury (in case of tax credits) to the seller (who in the case of CO2
reduction technology could be a hybrid car manufacturer) because the seller
has to accept local currency at a higher exchange rate than they can sell it

@_date: 2009-03-26 11:30:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
I find the idea of a contract (for acceptance of local currency) to be very
interesting ....
That's what carries it for me.. and it makes sense as a policy tool.
But I still do not understand how in the absence of such a contract a seller
would want to bear the cost of a broad social/environmental incentive,
unless they are recognized for it and gain marketing/PR benefit from it
somehow (which would make a contract almost essential as it verifies the
seller's commitment in a formal and official manner not open to questioning
and not open to seller applying their own rules on when to accept or reject
local currency)
If a seller does become a member and sign a contract then they get publicity
and good will in return, so yes it makes sense but they have to get
something out of it (PR and good will back from the community)
This is very interesting!!!
My next question would be how do we get started with this?

@_date: 2009-03-26 12:03:26
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
More thoughts:
The difference between this as a policy tool and the Affinity Matrix I had
described as part of the P2P Energy Economy (which matches buyers to sellers
based on their social, ecological and environmental values as well as the
product/service attributes) is that the seller puts their money where their
mouth is (as opposed to having to be transparent and accurate in their
policy objectives, or social, ecological and environmental values, which
creates a regulatory cost for enforcing the transparency/accuracy in
So to understand your method more deeply, as a policy tool it allows a city
or community to have one policy goal at a time (or one set of policy
objectives) tied to each local currency (so there can be X local currencies
supporting X policy goals, where each goal could be made of several
objectives) and the city's central bank can change it's policy goal by
changing the exchange rate of its local currency relative to other local
I see one potential issue with your method (and I may very well be wrong in
my understanding of how it work, so bear with me):
The method works well for sellers who can afford the cost of the incentive,
e.g. hybrid car dealers supporting a local currency tied to carbon
But how would it work for sellers who cannot afford the cost of the
incentive, e.g. a non-profit restaurant that employs homeless people (I've
seen a few of those, one in AZ just a couple of weeks ago.)  They cannot
afford to accept a local currency tied to transactions that reduce
homelessness because they will make less money due to the high exchange
value of that local currency whereas the policy objective (for reducing
homelessness) requires that they make more money (to be able to support more
homeless people in their program)
In other words, sellers have to be able to afford the cost of the incentive
(which they carry by accepting the given local currency) but some sellers
especially small businesses cannot afford the cost of providing that
incentive, and if the big businesses can and the small ones can't then more
money (more of the local currency tied to the type of exchange the business
is involved with) will go to the bigger businesses, leaving the small
businesses with less business.
Also, in case of non-profits the method becomes paradoxical in nature: a
non-profit that employs homeless people accepting a local currency at high
exchange rate (in favor of the buyer) that is supposed to support reduction
in homelessness would do the opposite as it gives the non-profit less not
more money. They already have the good will of the community so they don't
need more good will, they need more money and so if it's possible to make
the local currency that is tied to homelessness have a very low exchange
rate (but high redemption rate, i.e. can be redeemed for cash at the central
bank at a high rate), i.e. the reverse of what would happen for the carbon
reduction currency, then that would work, too.
Does this make any sense?

@_date: 2009-03-26 12:05:13
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
More thoughts:
The difference between this as a policy tool and the Affinity Matrix I had
described as part of the P2P Energy Economy (which matches buyers to sellers
based on their social, ecological and environmental values as well as the
product/service attributes) is that the seller puts their money where their
mouth is (as opposed to having to be transparent and accurate in their
policy objectives, or social, ecological and environmental values, which
creates a regulatory cost for enforcing the transparency/accuracy in
So to understand your method more deeply, as a policy tool it allows a city
or community to have one policy goal at a time (or one set of policy
objectives) tied to each local currency (so there can be X local currencies
supporting X policy goals, where each goal could be made of several
objectives) and the city's central bank can change it's policy goal by
changing the exchange rate of its local currency relative to other local
I see one potential issue with your method (and I may very well be wrong in
my understanding of how it work, so bear with me):
The method works well for sellers who can afford the cost of the incentive,
e.g. hybrid car dealers supporting a local currency tied to carbon
But how would it work for sellers who cannot afford the cost of the
incentive, e.g. a non-profit restaurant that employs homeless people (I've
seen a few of those, one in AZ just a couple of weeks ago.)  They cannot
afford to accept a local currency tied to transactions that reduce
homelessness because they will make less money due to the high exchange
value of that local currency whereas the policy objective (for reducing
homelessness) requires that they make more money (to be able to support more
homeless people in their program)
In other words, sellers have to be able to afford the cost of the incentive
(which they carry by accepting the given local currency) but some sellers
especially small businesses cannot afford the cost of providing that
incentive, and if the big businesses can and the small ones can't then more
money (more of the local currency tied to the type of exchange the business
is involved with) will go to the bigger businesses, leaving the small
businesses with less business.
Also, in case of non-profits the method becomes paradoxical in nature: a
non-profit that employs homeless people accepting a local currency at high
exchange rate (in favor of the buyer) that is supposed to support reduction
in homelessness would do the opposite as it gives the non-profit less not
more money. They already have the good will of the community so they don't
need more good will, they need more money and so if it's possible to make
the local currency that is tied to homelessness have a very low exchange
rate (but high redemption rate, i.e. can be redeemed for cash at the central
bank at a high rate), i.e. the reverse of what would happen for the carbon
reduction currency, then that would work, too.
Does this make any sense?

@_date: 2009-03-26 14:36:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
I understand all of that but still there is still one issue that I see (I
maybe wrong, so you can clarify any misunderstanding I may have specific to
this one issues):
If I'm a non-profit restaurant that employs homeless people (in a
transitional program to let them afford housing etc) and my city's policy
goal is to eliminate homelessness and they have this local currency (for
eliminating homelessness) that they assign a high exchange value to. If I,
as a non-profit restaurant, start accepting this currency I will lose income
and will be able to support less not more homeless people in my program.
But if the currency goes the other way in its exchange value, i.e. if it has
a very low exchange value for goods and services related to eliminating
homelessness but has a very high redeemable value in cash then it would work
for me. In this way the customer/buyer carries the cost of the incentive,
not the non-profit.
So this is a tactical issue, i.e. can be solved by reversing the exchange
value model.
But would it make sense to do that, i.e. create a currency for eliminating
homelessness that has very low exchange value for goods and services
(related to eliminating homelessness) and very high cash redemption value?

@_date: 2009-03-27 01:27:15
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Fourth Turning (book) 
The following is a review from 2002 of the book The Fourth Turning, which
you may have heard of in connection with the current crisis. The authors had
predicted back in 97 that a major crisis on the scale of the Great
Depression would happen around 2005. They were not that far off!
"  47 of 48 people found the following review helpful:
 3.0 out of 5 stars *Explanatory--but don't rely on it entirely*, February
19, 2002
 By *A Customer*
 The book _The Fourth Turning_ is a history combined with prophecy written
by generational sociologists William Strauss and Neil Howe. This book is
inspiring and provides interesting explanations for why things are the way
they turned out to be, but it still doesn't have all the answers.
The theory is basically that history goes through four types of turnings: a
conservative High, in which institutions are stable after the success of a
major war (the Era of Good Feelings, the Victorian Era, the '50s), a
spiritual Awakening in which young people scrap convention for religious
discovery (Ben Franklin's Great Awakening, the Transcendental Awakening, the
turn-of-the-century Muckrake reform era, the '60s), a wild Unravelling (the
colorful Gold Rush, the roaring twenties, and the current era that began
about 1984), and a fourth turning -- or Crisis (the Revolutionary War, the
Civil War and the Great Depression and World War II were the last three
examples). A catalyst will spark the Fourth Turning that will become around
2005. These turnings change when each generation enters a new phase of life.
After you read this book, it's one of those books that completely transforms
your mode of thinking. Both the present and the prophesied future are
explained by means of generations -- fit into four different types
("archetypes") that shift along with the turnings. The authors identify the
Lost Generation (born 1883-1900), the G.I. Generation (born 1901-1924), the
Silent Generation (born 1925-1942), the Baby Boomers (born 1943-1960), the
13th Generation (born 1961-1981) and the Millennial Generation (born since
1982). They explain how these generations relate to those throughout
history, and date the historical generations born all the way back to 1433.
Generation X, for instance, which corresponds roughly with what they
identify as the 13th Generation, is similar to the freewheeling Lost
Generation of the Roaring '20s, their flouting of the Drug War brings to
mind the Lost Generation during the Prohibition Era. Once you read this
book, you start to think of everyone generationally, all your family and
friends, people you know, celebrities, people you read about in the news,
historical figures, the characters on TV shows and the ages of people in TV
commercials. Your mind accepts a completely new paradigm -- and a
classification of people that works, as the authors state, much more
reliably than gender, ethnicity, or even region of the U.S."

@_date: 2009-03-28 21:59:25
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global Guerrillas: Is our current Economic Model 
Interesting that both parasitic and predator behavior are key traits of
Capitalism (the way it is now) makes heroes out of sociopaths.
The movie Watchmen actually captures that reality although in a raw,
archetypal way.
2009/3/27 Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-28 23:13:03
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Worldchanging: Open 
I think it's great that these memes are being co-created and amplified by
the greater whole. I wish I could say the same about the idea of "renewable
hierarchies" ... It too is very involved in creating a sustainable system.
Renewable Hierarchies in Action:
Right where I live now (within a well run transitional housing program)
everyone in the operational hierarchy, which is made up entirely of
residents (elected by other residents into various positions), gets to stay
in their position no more than 3 terms (each term being 8 weeks) and then
move on to some other position, but only laterally unless they are voted
into the executive committee which is considered a bit higher and has some
privileges but there stay there is also temporary.
The government employs a renewable hierarchy in Congress, Senate and the
President 's position.
Why then are the private corporations and NGOs made up of non-renewable
hierarchies (or ones where people get to stay in their positions and just
move up over time gaining more and more power) ?

@_date: 2009-03-29 10:39:37
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global Guerrillas: Is our current Economic Model 
The key is to move education from credentialing for admissions to
credentialing for performance.
I believe that is true. Very good point.
Imagine if everyone was admitted into Stanford and Yale and only those who
compete and collaborate well enough make it as graduates. Unlike giving Bush
Jr. admission into Yale and Harvard when he can't even make a complete

@_date: 2009-03-29 11:00:28
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Important P2P Meme Often Overlooked 
Pros and cons of the Internet with respect to P2P health:
1. Cons:
Cybochondria (my own term) is the state of being a hypochondriac and having
access to all sorts of herbal and pharmaceutical drugs on the Internet.
I know of people that had ordered and received drugs via the Internet that
they should not have taken. Even herbal stuff can have adverse effects (and
almost always has unexpected effects like causing changes in hormonal
balance or straight up poisoning) and sometimes people who are hypochondriac
would tend to take many drugs at once or switch rapidly between different
drugs.  This is the result of being in a phobic state triggered by some
perceived symptom (which maybe nothing or something else) and the diagnosis
on the Internet by the person having the symptom, not a medical doctor.
This is causing serious problems for those who are predisposed to
hypochondria. I was amazed as I read about it and then came to see how
people were perscribing each other all sorts of perscription-only medicines
on online forums, Yahoo Answers, etc. And Internet pharmacy are happy to
fulfill the order and they are very superficial about requiring a real
perscription (they have rules only to protect themselves but they'll send
people any drug they want as long as they pay for it) That's the danger of
the Internet when it comes to P2P health.
2. Pros:
As Ryan suggests, trend analysis using datasets submitted by individuals
using something like an iPhone with blood sugar meter attached (the new
iPhone 3.0 allows development of such medical applications as it enables
accessory/sensor attachment) is going to be a real revlution in medicine.
I've signed up for a plasma test for allergies (I have food and chemical
allergies) with a company that is collecting data for research institutions
and pharmaceutical/biotech companies. The process involves giving blood,
waiting 4-6 weeks for results, and then if my blood sample is what they're
looking for I get to go again to give them a sample whenever a research
institution needs it. The researchers are obviously working on new medicines
for allergy sufferers like myself. If this was automated through the iPhone
using some device that can analyze the blood from one drop of blood and then
transmit the data then the process of collecting data for reserch would
become far more efficient.
2009/3/29 Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-29 13:21:37
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global Guerrillas: Is our current Economic Model 
With respect to having a performance driven "Darwinian selection" process I
think the criteria for selection should be a lot more than just performance.
Performance (as it's defined in our education system) means a race toward
efficiency in one game (getting the highest grades) at the expense of
discovering new games (new possibilities outside the system.)
If you place me (for example) in any game my prime objective is not to win
the game but to break the game wide open, discover its inner workings and
devise alternatives to it some better, some worse and some a mix of better
and worse aspects.
In other words, I generally play to fail because that's how I can get to
understand the most about the players in the game, their psychology, and the
nature of the game being played, i.e by taking the most risk. If I only play
to win (which I do from time to time) all I care about is how to dominate
and that feels deeply shallow to me and intellectually useless.
At first, I want to understand the players more than I want to understand
the game, then in the next stage I want to take the game apart and then I
want to screw with the player and see what happens, and then try challenge
the idea of the game and see what happens. Eventually, my goal is to have a
holistic understanding of the game and people in it, and it's rarely about
winning. I play to win only when I need to send a signal that I'm still a
worthy opponent so that I get others to continue playing, so I continue
studying them and how the game operates on them and how they try so hard to
manipulate it or how they construct their rules for winning.
I'm sure this behavior I'm describing of myself is shared with many people
here. I just want to be explicit about it in the context of what we're doing
here, which seems to be a collaboration game with open ended goals but
distinctly in favor or social progress, which is a game I can take seriously
as it's a game to unravel existing games.
When playing against people who are holistically reflexive (holistically
intuitive and fast) the game becomes a form of meditation (like my
discussions on Ning with Dante) not a competition and not a collaboration
either.  Games that involve more than one dimension (i.e. more than just
competition or collaboration) teach us a lot about life so we can use them
to simulate future scenarios (in life) and understand our 'world' through
them. Winning in such games is meaningless since the objective of life-like
games (or life itself) is to open up and become part of the greater whole
not separate from the greater whole by winning an internal game of pride and
What I see happening with the P2P Energy Economy model (which is not driven
by efficiency for the sake of efficiency.. there is 'environmentally,
socially and ecologically positive efficiency' or environmentally, socially
and ecologically high performance.
The simulation objective of the P2P Energy Economy is to see if people can
live without the social, environmental and ecological inefficiencies that
exist today? Will they rebel against environmental, ecological and social
efficiency? Even if the efficiency model is designed to guarantee a much
higher degree of resilience? For example, in Release 4.0 I plan to enforce
constant renewal of the entire system (for sake fo resiliency and moral
wholeness) through sand-pile type collapses (or avalanches) triggered by
tiny events where the self-organized criticality that leads to this kind of
large and robust response to tiny events would meander randomly to change
the timing of when such criticality matures (when the system is ready for an
engineered collapse)  This feature is not implemented yet in the P2P Energy
Economy model and I'm looking for an algorithmic method for building self
organized criticality into the model (it would make the P2P game version of
the model very entertaining as one wrong move by one player can set off an
economic avalanche wiping out a lot of the players' profits/status without
affecting the foundation of the economy, which is unlike what seems to be
happening now in the current economy... but more importantly constant
collapse and renewal on the level of the whole economy is important for
resilience and sustainability much the same way a renewable hierarchy is
Where I agree with Ryan is that difficult propositions in any model (ones
that are undesirable to most) need to be amended or changed or evolved.
However, the idea of a renewable hierarchy is something that we have in the
Constitution (for Congress, Senate and President) and it's something that I
happen to be living everyday now as this whole place I'm living at is
governed by a renewable hierarchy (based on elections not random selection
from equally qualified members)

@_date: 2009-03-29 14:42:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global Guerrillas: Is our current Economic Model 
In the P2. Energy Economy model no resource uks sparse. It's an
abundance sustaining game.
I agree that performance can measure anything and everything just as
there are so many kinds of units old measures.
But the word 'Performance' is usually associated with the goal of the
system. So performance in a capitalistic system is different than that
in a social system etc..
I agree also that the Open University model is good for the reason you mention.
As far as the sudden collapse and renewal I'm looking for at the level
of the whole economy (using the self organized criticality model) the
purpose of it is to teach people the wisdom of abstaining from games,
even good games. The idea is to show people that ultimately nature
does not care about good or bad performance of the players (the
various species) where good and bad can be in any arbitrary dimension.
What nature cares about is its own survival, not the survival of a
particular species no matter how 'good' is that species' performance.
It is kind of dark but as far as looking at nature as a system it
makes sense to see it as a selfish system with the primary goal being
its own survival, which does entail its evolution and sudden sand-pile
type collapse which happens at multiple levels and whipch sustains it.
The word nature is used very loosely here. I mean the universe as a
whole. Having said that there are plenty of mechanisms for reward and
punishment but my point is that we confuse reward and punishment with
the notion that nature wants us to behave in certain ways to avoid
extinction, all while nature or the game we're in could not give a
damn what happens to the players within it. It is its own game and its
primary goal is its own survival. I can't help but notice that this is
an extremely dark way of looking at things but its the only
explanation that make sense if we think of life as a game.
Having said that, if we were to stop thinking of life as a game (by
being punished for doiong so using sudden collapses) then things turn
a lot brighther and we start seeing the dissolution of the self and
the emergence of the whole.
That is truly what I'm trying to lead to thru the design of the P2P
Energy Economy as of the next major release.
In other words, forget democracy, forget open vs closed and forget all
logic. The only winning solution is not to play the game.that is the
teaching purpose of the P2P Energy Economy as of the next major
But in order to achieve that purpose the model has to be very tempting
as a game and it has to reward good behavior and be resilient to bad
behavior yet reward no one in the end but itself. That's the only way
people will learn to stop playing the game and converge with the whole
by giving up the ideal and idea of the self.

@_date: 2009-03-29 16:40:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global Guerrillas: Is our current Economic Model 
No, actually, let me explain re: type of collapse:
It's like how a stable sand pile collapses all the sudden triggered by the
falling onto the pile of just one sand particle. This is the behavior of
self-organized critical state; in that you see a sudden and very robust
response to a very small trigger. This is how the brain works when it
associates a fragment of information with 50 years of life memories that
come rushing down all at once. It's capture in the Eureka moment too when a
small insignificant event causes a very large neuronal activity leading ..
like an avalanche.. and the aha! moment.  This (self organized criticality
in the brain) was actually proved experimentally just very recently.
The sand pile does not collapse. Only a portion of it does and that partial
collapse is essential to maintaining the structural form of the pile. In
evolution, something similar happens when entire species and ecologies
experience sudden extinction, so what's happening is sustaining to nature
not the species, which is why I was saying that nature is selfish or self
The bigger point I'm trying to make is that people have a choice between
playing the game (whatever game, including a game that unravels pre-existing
games) or recognizing that the only winning solution is not to play the game
and instead react reflexively and holistically (be part of the whole) rather
than rationally and from within a niche (playing the game.)
Not sure I'm making sense but I'm certainly reacting reflexively and
hopefully holistically to what I see happening.
The goal of the next version of the model/game I'm developing is to teach
people that the only winning game is not to play any game and just react
reflexively and hoistically to what's happening.
I've attached a PDF (which contains a link to an applet) about Self
Organized Criticality
The important thing to remember regarding the current understanding of SOC
is that it exists as a statistical (numerical) model, not an axiomatic
one... so not much can be done with it as far as applying it to existing
systems, i.e. we don't understand the 'how' or 'why' we only see the 'what'
at this point.

@_date: 2009-03-29 21:37:10
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Worldchanging: Open 
Not if they're renewable with random re-selection of people from a set of
equally qualified members for each node in the hierarchy. How is such a
hierarchy unsustainable?
Having said that, we need to define 'sustainable'
To me "sustainable" means "possible to sustain for a significant, prolonged
period" not "possible to perpetuate"

@_date: 2009-04-30 16:07:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fundable and Michel Computer 
Up to $250 now!
I'll look around for a good review on netbook models/brands and post it
here, so Michel is more informed on his options for laptop replacement.
Thanks again guys. This is truly wonderful.

@_date: 2009-04-30 21:35:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Re: Fundable and Michel Computer 
This is a popular Acer netbook model w/ 8.9" screen, 1GB RAM, 16G Solid
State Drive (never lose data to hard disk crash, and faster boot time)
running Windows XP and priced at $279.
We've collectively raised $225 (after Fundable's 10% fee) + $100 (from Ryan)
which comes up to $325, so that just covers the tax and ground shipping.
 [image: ACER Aspire One 8.9" ATOM1.6Hz 1G-Mem 16G-SSD 3-Cell-Bat
 [image: ACER Aspire One 8.9" ATOM1.6Hz 1G-Mem 16G-SSD 3-Cell-Bat BLACK]
larger image ACER Aspire One 8.9" ATOM1.6Hz 1G-Mem 16G-SSD 3-Cell-Bat BLACK $279.00
   - Model: AA110-1137
   - 7 Units in Stock
   - Manufactured by: Acer
   - *Mfr Part Number: *AOA110-1137/LU.S320B.025
   - *Processor: *Intel Atom Processor N270 (1.6GHz, 512KB L2 Cache, FSB
   533MHz)
   - *Chipset: *Intel 945GSE
   - *Memory: *1GB (2x 512MB) DDR2-533 Memory
   - *Display: *8.9" WSVGA (1024x600) Wide Screen LCD
   - *Graphics Module: *Intel GMA 950 Graphics Controller
   - *SSD: *16GB (8GB internal/8GB external) NAND flash memory SSD
   - *Audio: *Integrated Audio CODEC; Built-in Stereo Speakers
   - *Connectivity: *10Base-T/100Base-TX Fast Ethernet; 802.11b/g Wireless
   LAN
   - *Interface: *3x USB Port; 1x VGA Port; 1x RJ45 LAN Port; 1x
   Headphone-out; 1x Microphone-in
   - *Card Reader: *Multi-in-1 Card Reader, Support SD, MMC, MS, MS PRO, xD
   - *Camera: *Integrated WebCam
   - *Battery Pack: *3-cell lithium ion Battery
   - *Color: *Black
   - *AC Adapter: *30 Watt AC Adapter
   - *Dimensions (WxDxH): *9.8 x 6.7 x 1.1 inch / 249 x 170 x 29 mm
   - *Weight: *2.2 lbs
   - *Operating System: *Windows XP Home Editon

@_date: 2009-05-01 03:14:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Re: Fundable and Michel Computer 
We wouldn't leave you without a sword in the middle of a battle. I'm very
grateful myself for how everyone recognized the importance of your work and
came together to make the fund raising a success, in a collective and open

@_date: 2009-05-02 14:29:31
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
I look forward to some kind of ( immersive, emergent, spatial ? )
post-symbolic language that could enable much greater synthesis.
You're onto something big.
Sam Smith (FB identity) has been talking about it forever too.
I know that, ultimately, we are all just one dynamic not separate actors or
Therefore, in order for the dynamic to reach its full, healthy, empowering,
enriching potential something more than the combination of 'Internet +
Written Language' is needed as the medium.
So far it's been done by sharing music. You can see my FB profile is mostly
speaking in music, not written articles. I see that in Paola's FB feed too.
Music has been classically used as a unifying dynamism. Music videos add
another layer of abstraction, bring it closer to our consciousness. But you
and Sam Smith are absolutely right in your pursuit of a more universal,
unifying dynamism of some sort that does not split according to taste and
that operates at the border between the intuitive and the conscious.
Yet, both of your efforts are very young, in my view, and ample require time
and contemplation... before we can have a balance between the intuitive and
conscious element of that so-far-elusive powerful, unifying dynamism.
:) hmm

@_date: 2009-05-02 15:32:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
It's really about bringing the intuitive and the conscious together.
For example, the measure of wholeness (of the dynamism) can be expressed as
the degree of alignment between the intuitive feeling and the conscious
So you can say something (in text) to express thoughts consciously and play
something (with music) to intuit a feeling. If the combined message
resonates as an expression of a dynamic whole.
We can experiment with such communication tools. I use FB for it now in a
rather unstructured, non-obvious way but we could build a dedicated FB app
for this kind of interactivity

@_date: 2009-05-02 16:27:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
Even if you're dirt poor you can make great art
Even if your,re clinically insane you can make great art
It seems that art, including poetry and creative writing,  unlike
software or the synthesis of logic in written or physical form, art,
which is illogical in essence seems to be free from scarcity.
any a product of our reflexivity including art is intrinsically abundant

@_date: 2009-05-02 20:38:26
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
That's really interesting... will check it out for inspiration...
The "clinically insane" are just permanently taking the next big step into
the unknown whereas we only do that every once and a while or, for some of
us, very infrequently or never.
When we go back to why some art sells for a lot of money
It seems that, despite art itself being intrinsically abundant, the physical
products of 'high art' (not the digital product), e.g. a Picasso painting,
are given some kind of scarce quality by people (a spiritual, emotional or
superstitious value) that makes them rare (or special) even if they can be
replicated ad infinitum and in an exact manner.
It's always a trip to think about these things.
Definitely related to p2p. The issue of why we create artificial scarcity or
why we seek it is core to the p2p economy.

@_date: 2009-05-03 01:01:13
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
"The term *outsider art* was coined by art
critic Roger
1972 as an
English  synonym for *art
brut* (IPA: /a? b?yt/,
French  for "raw art" or
"rough art"), a label created by French
artist  Jean
Dubuffetto describe
art  created outside the boundaries of
official culture; Dubuffet focused particularly on art by

@_date: 2009-05-03 02:11:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
I had written a longer piece and then cut it in half to communicate the
basic point, which you capture very clearly.
What I meant is that I KNOW that in the FUTURE when we have machines that
can REPLICATE a PIcasso painting in all its nano-scale paint details, in 3D,
including all the nano scale bumps on the pain, the farbic, etc, then we
would STILL see a bias toward the original as if the original emobodied some
spirit or etheral 'thing'
That's what I expect to happen... as technology becomes capable of
replicating original physical art works (paintings) at the nano and
eventually atomic scale there will still be a tendency to hold something
special about the orginal,
and you see you what I mean?  The light reflecting from a [future] perfect
replica will be exactly the same as the light reflecting from the original
from all angles and degrees... so why would the original be more vauable.
It's human nature.

@_date: 2009-05-03 05:05:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
yes...... but I'm speaking about exact replication down to the atomic scale
and how such perfect copies of physical art (apparently not digital art as
copies of a digital work are treated equally as the original digital work)
will always embody some kind of uniqueness, originality and an emotional
So ... why? Why do we seek scarcity (uniqueness, rarity) ? It's instilled in
It's not intrinsic to the money. We made the money. And it's not intrinsic
to nature either as natural evolution is taking us to a stateof existence
where everything (physical and digital) can be copied (identically) and
distributed freely.
So ... why?
Why do _WE_ enforce (or seek to have) scarcity?
That is my question.

@_date: 2009-05-03 05:10:01
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
I should rephrase the question as:
Why do we seek to have scarcity (or rarity, uniqueness) when it comes to
physical objects?
Why are we happier when the piece of antique furniture we find is the last
surviving piece on the planet and is now ours? And why would people still go
see ORIGINAL Picasso paintings even if they could be copied down to the
atomic scale and distributed freely?
What is it in our nature that causes us to seek such uniqueness in objects
(but not in digital objects or information)

@_date: 2009-05-03 05:20:46
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
I hear your argument saying that what is scarce is not necessarily unique.
For example, water is scarce in some parts of the world but it is not
However, anything that is unique or rare is by definition scarce.
It's an unidirectional synonym! i.e. synonym in just one direction: if A is
unique/rare then A is scarce ; if A is scarce then A may or may not be

@_date: 2009-05-03 05:26:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
Just to continue:
When we give an original painting some unique emotional or artistic value
even when we can replicate it down to the atomic scale and distribute it
freely then that is when emotional or psychic attachment to an object
(always physical; does not seem apply to digital) becomes an issue and a
cause for concern that we may never overcome the artificial scarcity problem
because people seem to attach unique value to something (e.g. a famous
painting) that can be copied in exact form down to the atomic scale and
distributed freely.
It's a general logical problem, not specific to paintings or art but
applicable to all physical objects (that people attach unique value to, e.g.
a pair of socks that was worn by Obama on inauguration day may fetch
$10,000.... why? where does that value come from? it comes from the scarce
quality we give to those socks but why do we do that? and don't you think we
created money in such a way that t enforces scarcity BECAUSE we actually
seek scarcity? That's what I'm asking in the broad context.

@_date: 2009-05-03 05:38:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
Better still, maybe the physical object we "see" is not the object that
is.... maybe it is A LOT MORE than what our eyes tell us and maybe our other
senses, including senses we don't know of scientifically, are telling us
something about the original physical object (e.g. the original painting)
that make us see it's uniqueness even if it's atomically identical to 10
million other copies of itself.
When it comes to digital objects our senses tell us that the identical
digital copy is indeed identical to the original.
That's the only feasible explanation I have, i.e. that physical objects have
more to them than we can sense using our known senses.
So the conclusion I'm making is that we are either irrational by design or
the world around us is not what it seems.

@_date: 2009-05-03 05:59:27
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
We're driven as much by our wants as our needs with "wants" being
"psychological and biological needs" as opposed to survival needs of food,
shelter and water.
When it comes to psychological needs, a lot of people, including myself,
seek uniqueness in things or like the artist friend you mention give
uniqueness to things. Our seeking of uniqueness is exploited by capitalism
and is at the root of artificial scarcity, i.e. price things high enough
that very few can get them (it rides on this want to have something unique)
or release only a limited number of some supercar model and price it
astronomically. The creation of scarcity seems to be something some of us
need at the psychological level.
 So maybe we should take some of the blame for having the tendency to seek
uniqueness and to attach or give uniqueness to things whether emotionally
(by modifying the object in our mind so that it is unique) or physically (by
modifying the object)

@_date: 2009-05-03 07:15:39
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
if each of our posts was not unique in its own way, there would be no point
iin having mailing lists
The other day I heard someone say, sarcastically, that the French poet
Arthur Rimbaud, quit writing by the age of 21, and that had he known Patti
Smith was going to ape his every word and gesture, he?d have quit sooner...
Why do we seek to create a scarcity of ourselves?
Why do we attach or give a scarce quality to physical objects we like even
if they can have infinite number of identical copies?
I think the answer is that difference (as opposed to sameness) is at the
very foundation of existence, i.e. nothing can exist without the existence
of the concept of "difference" because without it existence and
non-existence would be the same.
So in order for us to feel we exist even more than we do we seek to make
ourselves more and more unique and some of us take it to extremes. Same
thing for a famous painting or work of art or any object we attach emotional
value to. If we don't treat that object as a unique thing we won't feel its
So scarcity (the need for uniqueness) is built into the foundation of

@_date: 2009-05-03 14:18:13
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] scarcity of water 
Same deal in  Istanbul, where we lived in the early 70s when I was young
(dad is Turkish, name changed from Favzi [turkish] to Fauzi [french] to
Fawzi [arabic] when we moved to Lebanon before the '75 war) They have no
rivers there and all water is sea water so you can have water in two ways:
buy it in bottles or buy it from waterboys who sell it on the street in tin
cups that they reuse from customer to customer (last time I was in Istanbul
was 1979 so I don't now if the latter still exists because it's a sure way
to transmit disease) The water from the tap is undrinkable. Again, I'm
speaking as of '79. I don't now how things are and have not bothered to ask.
I do know they used to have German and French as second language and now
it's English and only people in their late 40s and older speak any French or
German... so I now a lot has changed... and I hear they're in better shape
economically, even though their economy may be better now the water can only
get more scarce over time as population/economy grows

@_date: 2009-05-03 14:41:03
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
More about the psychology behind our seeking/enjoying/needing of scarcity
(for enhancing the existence of something or of ourselves):
  * Robert Childan grasps that most of his antiques are counterfeit,
    thus, becomes paranoid that his entire stock /might/ be
    counterfeit; a theme common to Dick?s writing (cf. /Do Androids
    Dream of Electric Sheep?
    /),
    wherein the counterfeit is /better/ than the original, because it
    is functionally real, e.g. the .44 calibre Colt Army Model 1860
     revolver
    indistinguishable by no-one, but an expert armourer, as Tagomi?s
    shoot-out demonstrates.
  * Wyndham-Matson, himself a collector, has a Zippo
     cigarette lighter with
    documentation attesting to its having been in FDR?s coat pocket
    when he was assassinated. He compares it with his girlfriend?s
    identical lighter, inviting her to ?feel the historicity?;
    despite, of course, his fortune depending upon genuine counterfeits.

@_date: 2009-05-03 14:47:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
The only thing, Paola, is that works of art last forever (if not for
physical decay) while science is always disrupting itself...
I would say art is far more resilient than science and thus more real.

@_date: 2009-05-03 14:48:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
replace "science is always disrupting itself" with "contradicting or
reversing or undermining itself"

@_date: 2009-05-03 15:25:38
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
And another way to say it is:
Art captures feeling and is the product of our reflexivity (which is the
result of our body responding to sigals/messages from our brain, senses, the
place/architecture we're in, the air we breathe, the water we drink, the
food we eat, etc)
Science only captures messages from our brain and that's it.
It is logical that since art is more holistic than science that art is more
permanent than science and that is exactly what we see. Science (and maths
too as well as logic itself) keep disrupting and contradicting itself while
art retains its value over hundreds of thousands of years and possibly
millions of years... At some point, of course, a certain art work generated
millions of years ago would become indistinguishable from natural
noise/scenery and such is the work of nature.

@_date: 2009-05-04 04:12:23
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: trashing transhumanism 
Since I was banned from the Open Manufacturing list, which has at least one
very vocal 19 year old who is a self-proclaimed transhumanists, I would hope
someone forwards this to them.
Not that it would change anything, but maybe prevent the easily
impressionable from drinking their coolaid.

@_date: 2009-05-06 19:34:02
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] needed: definition of pervasive gaming 
I started working on this 3 years ago:
Life as a game
Work as a game
Relationship as a game
Learning as a game
Politics as a game
Cooperation and cometition as a game
In other words, by viewing every realm as a game we have pervasive
gaming as a way to motivate us through keeping score to achieve higher
I stopped working on that because I saw the ridiculousness of it. But
it can be extremely successful, just as Facebook is proving that
friendship as a game works. Except they are smart by not using a
numerical scoring system but a subjective one where people get to
judge performance not computers.

@_date: 2009-05-06 19:42:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
This starts out in a different context than the one being discussed
here but the conclusion is applicable to the context of this debate...
~~Reposted from Ox-En~~
I happen to believe that there are two parts to our psyche: the
rational part and the ancient animal or irrational part (greed,
irrational pleasures, temptation, and most importantly 'fear', all
reside there, i.e. our weaknesses)
Obviously, the purpose of civilization is to tame or minimize or even
eliminate irrational behavior but the irrational part in us is not as
conditionable as the rational part, which is why war, crime and
injustice continue to this day.
According to latest game theory research, rational behavior in nature
demands both egalitarian type cooperation as well as competition, not
just competition or cooperation in the context of competition.
However, when it comes to the irrational part, where fear reigns
supreme (and is the root cause of our weakness), we don't really
follow evolutionary game theory as much as we should. We do follow it
when we are feeling courage and when we are resourced (psychologically
and physically) but when weakness creeps up (due to irrational fear of
something including some of the deepest existential issues) we enter
into a state of temporary irrationality, out of weakness, and with
some people it becomes a homeostasis, i.e. stuck in fear.
That is why the capitalist system works (whereas socialist systems
have failed thus far) even when it promotes war, crime and injustice.
It feeds on our weakness. We must resist it, but we cannot defeat it
unless we rise above our weakness. At this time seeing how people are
today the hope I have in my own work is to understand fear and the
process of gaining strength and enable a system that allows people to
gain courage and abandon fear, but that is akin to asking someone to
change their homeostasis to a new one. It's an incredibly difficult
process and there are entire libraries of books written about the
subject (e.g. spiritual books, religions, psychology books, self help
books, etc)
There has to be a better way, but it can be overlooking the fact that
we are, as a civilization, still predominantly driven by fear.

@_date: 2009-05-06 19:54:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
That's really enlightening.
I'll repost your response on Ox-En (cut & paste into thread)

@_date: 2009-05-06 20:16:37
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] needed: definition of pervasive gaming 
Then he (the author) is talking about something totally different than
what I supplied you with
He's talking about the very popular street games, played over SMS and
sometimes using GPS ... There is a lady in SF that organizes such
crowd games (in wide open physical spaces, like in a section of the
city) and her games are very popular.

@_date: 2009-05-06 22:46:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
But still, despite Michel's much appreciated view on the human psyche
(the layers and all that), the theories that we construct need to work
with the fact that people are inclined to do very irrational things. I
feel that idealistic, good meaning theories, including socialism, and
the commons, don't achieve that.
So we need to work with that irrationality, which sometimes leads to
things like profit, scarcity enforcing currency, etc, but a good
model/theory should not amplify our flawed tendencies, just recognize
them and work with them. That's the point I wanted to make, not the
human psyche itself, however it may be constructed, and no one really
knows, even though some views are more enlightened than others.

@_date: 2009-05-07 01:26:49
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
Copy & Paste of my response to Michel's response on Ox En, which I'd
like to share with this list...
Hi Michel,
"People" can be viewed as one, connected complex dynamic system, with
three different possible states: order, edge of chaos, or chaos.
No one can be in the ordered state all of the time, and most people
are at the edge of chaos when under stress, ready to collapse/break
completely with the slightest additional stress/change.
A minority of us are in the chaotic state (unpredictable) rather than
the edge of chaos (volatile but still predictable) or order.
Having said that, we can't completely think in the abstract and our
feelings can be often reduced to feeling 'good' or feeling 'bad' about
ourselves and/or the other. I don't think we can abstract feelings
away from our body and analyze them in our brain. They're feelings not
I can feel completely bad about someone or something or completely
good or anywhere in between. That has nothing to do with anything I
can reason about. It's a bodily feeling, not a thought, and I need to
sit with it and feel it, not try to subdue it with some rational
instrument, however well that instrument is constructed.
It's easy to say that people are not inherently good or bad but are
complex beings. Obviously that is true, rationally speaking, but if I
feel bad about something or someone then that is a feeling and no
rational thought is going to take it way, nor would I want that to
happen. I prefer to sit with my feeling and let it take its course as
long as I am able to maintain awareness and not be driven by it, which
in most cases I am.
This of course applies to anyone who believe in letting their feelings
flow from a state of awareness.
So I argue against mixing the intellectual and the emotional in any
argument, for the latter is not a thought that can be argued about but
a feeling.
And suppressing our feelings with rational instruments, no matter how
well designed, is not very nice to ourselves, IMO. And that is true as
long as we can maintain awareness while expressing and experiencing
those feelings.
So back to the subject of why can't an rational theory work the answer
I have is because rational theories treat feelings as something that
can be abstracted away and dealt with rationally.
Some of those feelings are driven by fears. I argue that people in
general experience enough feelings that come from fear and they act
those feelings out instead of just let them run their course (from a
state of awareness) and then do something rational instead.
That's the reason, IMO, that capitalism, which harvests those
acted-out fears (e.g. injustice, crime, hate, control, greed, etc),
survives where social theories (that try to unseat those fears) fail.
The solution must be that people become more aware and stop acting out
their fears.
Well, I just ended up constructing another rational theory here but
it's one that recognizes irrationality of acted-out feelings (feelings
that are experienced from a sub-aware state) and thus has a better
chance of working than theories that try to abstract away feelings in
their drive to be completely rational.
In other words, awareness is the only answer, but that is like
explaining water with water.

@_date: 2009-05-07 05:28:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] needed: definition of pervasive gaming 
that's very interesting... I didn't know... thanks
My gf (when we lived in SF) took part in one of her games in the park
right behind the Metreon (if you happen to live in SF) and she liked
the game quite a bit.
I had no idea she was into "research as a game" but yeah she is
definitely a talented 'pervasive game' designer
On Thu, May 7, 2009 at 5:23 AM, dan mcquillan

@_date: 2009-05-07 05:38:35
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] life as a game 
Good points but "Life as a Game" is a collection of several niche XYZ
as a Game, like Cooking as a Game (which exists), Music/Song Making as
a Game (which exists), Dancing as a Game (which exists), and we were
thinking Project Management as a Game, and various other realms as a
game, not LIFE per se in its entirety in one game!

@_date: 2009-05-07 06:39:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The guy who caught Madoff, in 1999 
sounds familiar.... you can scream bloody murder but if the political
odds are against you, no one gives a shit

@_date: 2009-05-08 02:46:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Coherence Function and Twitter 
Coherence of a written message used to be a function of its linguistic
structure, logic and clarity, with length playing a small part.
In the age if the Internet, where we are swimming in an ocean of
messages, the coherence of (or our ability to parse) a written message
is becoming predominantly a function of its length.
This is also called ADHD-favorable communication.
So all the ADHD people out there, ones who are most likely unaware of
their condition, have favored Twitter.
Twitter is really the voice of the ADHD generation.
Just stating the obvious....

@_date: 2009-05-08 04:18:28
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
Gmail was down again today...
When IPv6 is finally here all PCs and devices connected to the net
will be able to reach each other DIRECTLY, in point to point fashion.
Now it's impossible without jumping thru hoops, with a less than
perfect success rate.
So when IPv6 is finally here, and it's been ages (I wonder if it's
held up because of its potential to disrupt centralized structures of
power on the Internet), we will be able to run universal p2p email
clients (or p2p clients with email capability) and with some
redundancy in the message transport path (i.e. closest redundant nodes
store and relay message when client is up) and some central but
redundant coordination mechanism we can have resilient p2p email that
does not crash unless the entire Internet goes down.

@_date: 2009-05-08 04:33:28
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
Just putting ideas out there and hoping others would latch on to some
of them and start talking about them, thinking about them or working
on them.
I already got my work cut out for the next 3 years and the P2P part of
is solely focused on and around the application of generalized
exchange and other modes of exchange to the p2p economy.

@_date: 2009-05-08 04:41:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
Email (this very transmission) can be picked up by anyone (before it
gets to you) ... What security? If one needs security they have to
But security of each PC that is running a P2P client is always an
issue, and key to that is "close sourcing" the transport protocol
stack like Skype did.

@_date: 2009-05-08 06:17:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
And the idea of True P2P Email is that it would be as simple as
downloading a client software to your machine rather than having a
technician install SMTP/POP servers and configure routers, firewalls,
try running SMTP on your machine... sitting behind a NAT or some
firewall.... won't work, and you'd have to configure your router etc..
most users don't know how to configure a router

@_date: 2009-05-08 06:34:30
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
btw, re: marco's way.. that's how email runs in 99% of companies with
over 100 employees... but does not become "p2p" until it's pervasive!
which it can't be because of the NAT issue in IPv4 (and the imperfect
NAT traversal/hole-punching solutions just not good enough for
pervasive wide spread use)

@_date: 2009-05-08 07:22:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
because there are no "turnkey" sw and
service packages around which are tailored for this scenario, not
because "ipv6 isn't here yet".
There cannot be ANY one solution that works for ALL routers and
firewalls and NATs .... it's a zoo... that is until all network
hardware makers implement IPV6 (and most have but the transition has
been a huge task and very slow)
So not until ipv6 is here holds absolutely true unless someone
undertakes the task of making one software package that works with all
network hardware out there .... :) which is not gonna happen, unless
you put a mad man in charge and fund him well ... i.e. not justifiable
cost/effort, imo

@_date: 2009-05-08 20:00:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
Correct, in the context of my definition of "p2p" which is somewhat
purist when it comes to the p2p architecture.
However, in that definition I include distribution for redundancy and
some centralized coordination (that can be distributed too for
redundancy) so, with respect to the latter, it's not completely
I've spent some time working on a UDP based reliable p2p protocol over
IPv4 and eventually realized that, even though P2P architectures like
Skype and BitTorrent exist already that dont require
router/NAT/firewall configuration to work (but can work better with
the right configuration), the architectural requirements and the cost
of guaranteeing 100% reliability 100% of the time is too much given
that IPv6 would solve the core issues with client-to-client
communication and is supposedly just around the corner...
So when IPv6 is finally here it will give rise to a huge growth in p2p
apps because it will be far less costly to build and maintain fast,
secure and reliable p2p (client to client) applications when you don't
have to jump thru hoops (as is the case now)

@_date: 2009-05-09 01:51:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
"a) running the system on one's home or mobile computers, rather than
  buying/renting for this very purpose a virtual server in a reliable
  datacenter is such a bad idea for so many technical and other
  reasons from social to environmental, reasons which DON'T change at
  all whatever version of IP is used, that I don't think I'll ever do
  it myself, nor I recommend it to anybody who uses email for more
  than casual chat.
You're still missing the tunneling part  and you brought up the static
IP part which is not part of the P2P Email architecture (that would be
dumb since it ties a client to a specific network access point)
IPv6 ALLOWS point to point communication with ease where it is very
difficult today. That is the whole point. Suggesting that we'd use the
static IP feature of IPv6 is very wrong in the context of a P2P Email
Completely wrong in the context of the commonly understood P2P architecture.
See preceding comments on NOT using static IP.
Wherever your connect from as long as you have an ID on the P2P
network you can be routed it to.
I'm suggesting that P2P Email is local to those using a particular P2P
client but if client developers agree on a standard then it becomes
global p2p email, since all clients will share the same distributed
user ID lookup inrastructure (think DNS like mechanism for user IDs so
instead of email being sent to a domain it is sent to a user ID) and
same transport protocol.
So I think the problem in this communication is the intuition of a
software engineer (myself) which is normally matched to the intuition
of other software engineers when discussing software architecture but
cannot be readily matched to the intuition of someone who is not
versed in software architecture and commonly understood patterns both
at the network and software architecture levels.
That is why it was misunderstood by Marco that I'm suggesting static
IP addresses be used for routing rather than p2p user IDs which would
be picked up right away by any person whose background is in network
and software architecture.
So with p2p email as I'm suggesting you are completely empowered and
redundancy is  easily achieved in an IPv6 based network and
established architectural patterns exist and are used in p2p
architectures in all of the p2p file-sharing apps that exist today.
Also, email can be picked up from any PC or device running the p2p
client. It's just like email today except it is based on a p2p network
rather than centralized or distributed/federated network. The whole
domain name bullshit needs to go and people need to start accessing
web pages and email etc by P2P ID not by domain names. You ID is
everything you need and everything anyone needs to reach you in a true
p2p network.
Key issue for p2p architectures in Ipv6 environment is going to be
security (it already is in IPv4 but as p2p becomes more widely used
the security [of each client machine] becomes a bigger issue)

@_date: 2009-05-09 02:24:09
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
Dear all,
I am very sorry for using words like "dumb" and "very wrong" What I
mean and I mean this genuinely is that that the argument, separate
from its author, is "dumb" or "very wrong"
So no offense Marco, sorry if it comes across differently
Having said that, I realize that even arguments have feelings,
separate from the author, so I'll keep my tone in check with respect
to what I see wrong about the argument.

@_date: 2009-05-09 05:04:47
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
It's frustrating because I ASSUME that all of this is very intuitive
and obvious when this interaction is telling me that for some it is
not obvious nor intuitive for people who are not software developers.
Sitting down and writing a structured and detailed article about it is
too costly time and energy wise.
The idea is that someone with similar intuition (e.g. software
engineer with experience in network and software architecture) would
find the idea exciting and they'd undertake detailed design of such a
system, which does not involve anything new or untested, just
established patterns.... that is whenever Ipv6 gets adopted because it
is much more challenging and costly with IPv4 and very hard ot
practically impossible to achieve for mobile phones (because of the
proxies carriers use which only allow HTTP)

@_date: 2009-05-09 05:48:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
It would be infinitely more useful is he'd open it up as a service
(software as a service, to be accessed from other Web and P2P client
I could think of many uses for its data collection and computational
capability in decision support systems as well as in any software that
needs to make decisions based on real world data.
Letting people use it directly, as opposed to having it be a backend
service for software developed by others, is a huge mistake, IMO.

@_date: 2009-05-09 06:22:40
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
Hi Ryan,
I would agree with all points below but I'm confused as to how you
relate it to SaaS?  SaaS is not open. It can be fully closed, just
with an API. Facebook is SaaS in the sense that it offers its platform
APIs to any developer (with some stupid restrictions but it is a SaaS
platform in my view, just like Salesforce is)
What gave you the impression that SaaS refers to open systems?

@_date: 2009-05-09 06:24:59
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
ok, i see. I said "open it up as a service"
Did not mean to open up the software which he'll never do as that's
his source of revenue (the Mathematica platform is used in Alpha)
I meant to offer it up as a service, which in some context makes it a
lot more open than a web app.. because it can be mashed up and/or
integrated with other apps

@_date: 2009-05-09 06:39:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
I'd agree with all you state Ryan except for the fact that it is not
about inter-mediation. It's about fixed centers of dependency and
single points of failure a la Gmail. When Gmail is down, those who use
it are screwed because the Internet continues to move ahead at the
speed of light while they have to sit idle and wait until Google fixed
The argument is not about inter-mediation. It's about centralization.
However, when Marco entered into the argument and stated that a
less-than-pure p2p architecture for email is already in use and has
been in wide use since the early 90s (by most high tech companies
including my first employer) but my experience with setting up my own
SMTP/POP server on my own machine involved configuring my router/NAT
and firewall which is beyond what the average person is willing to do.
So my argument with Marco was not to say that inter-mediation is bad,
but to say that the solution he uses can never be pervasive and thus
can never be "true p2p" ...
It's funny that the pure p2p architecture (with coordination and
redundancy but no inter-mediation) is also designed to be truly

@_date: 2009-05-09 06:43:35
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
It's not about Alpha being closed.
It is closed.
However, if he was to offer it's brilliant knowledge-computational
abilities as an API (software as a service) then that would "open it
up" for so much more usage ....
The point is that decision support software can use computational
software like Alpha far better than humans can.
And such decision support systems would be so easy to build if they
can be built on top of Alpha.
It's not about whether Alpha is open or not.

@_date: 2009-05-09 08:06:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
You're not exactly the average person. You're a researcher, speaker,
advocate, etc. I assume focused on p2p and social implications.
Therefore, there is no way to equate yourself to a soccer mom, an
accountant, or a tradesman. Those represent average people in the
context of technical aptitude/willingness to think, tinker and

@_date: 2009-05-09 14:37:00
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
It's not that Gmail is expensive to society in terms of money. It's
expensive in terms of dependency and its ability to take down a huge
portion of social interaction with it when it crashes, which it does
The issue is resiliency. Lack of resiliency in centralized systems is
the real expense to society.

@_date: 2009-05-09 22:12:25
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
I don't mean it as a 'radical' but as an engineer with a social conscience.
There is nothing wrong with centralization as an abstract concept
except it also involves concentration of power and loss of resiliency.
Sometimes you have to have centralization because of performance
issues or some philosophically deep design issue (like why we have one
brain instead of 10,000 brainlets throughout our body sort of like the
But when we are able to have decentralization then we should since no
one benefits from the concentration of power (e.g. in the hands of
Google) and we can't afford to see our rights erode in the future (ans
present) as we get more and more used to the convenience that the
centralized power structures (like Google) and become willing to trade
our civil rights (e.g, privacy) to keep that convenience.

@_date: 2009-05-09 23:47:48
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
There is no way for a data center, no matter how large it is, to match
the storage capacity of a fully redundant p2p storage architecture, so
your email can be stored in the p2p cloud, in geographically
always-redundant manner. Obviously, with each new paradigm there are
challenges that get worked out over time and with accumulation of
I disagree with the notion that just because Google makes it
convenient that we should stop the process of creative destruction
that is so essential to growth.
So there is a stark disagreement here centering around convenience vs
principle (or more specifically your convenience and my principle)
hope that helps.

@_date: 2009-05-09 23:55:48
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
opportunities are like fish ... someone with the right bait at the
right place and right time will catch this particular opportunity...
all we can do now is point out that there is a giant tuna in the lake
and a big prize to whomever catches it.. many will try and fail or
catch smaller fish but one will succeed.. that's how it has played out
all these years, it's almost guaranteed.

@_date: 2009-05-10 00:31:19
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
it's "why a definitely non-p2p way to do email
What is the purpose of the list?
If the list's purpose was to promote the use of p2p technologies as
well as p2p paradigms (beyond technologies) then you would expect the
list members to care a lot. But as Michel put it in his preceding
reply (in this thread) the purpose of the list is focused on
discussing and promoting p2p paradigms but not technologies (or as
Michel put it: driving the car and not worrying about the motor [and I
add: not worrying whether it's a p2p motor or a centralized motor or a
I think this is a taste issue. People can make all sorts of arguments
(like I do, like we all do) to justify their choices but at the end of
the day it's a taste issue not an objective thing.
I'm fine if this list's taste is to drive the car and not worry about
the motor. That's because at least the car is being driven in the
right direction and the argument is: whatever motor does the best job
NOW, TODAY, because we need to get to our destination.
To people like me and you, it seems that we care about the motor as
much as the car and the destination.  Maybe others care deeply about
the motor, but I hear Michel saying it's all physics to him and his
goal is to get to the destination.
So I have no problem with it. However, being an engineer I can't
ignore physics and mechanics since to me the "design" of the
technology we use is an integral part of the belief system and the
vision, inseparable.

@_date: 2009-05-10 05:49:09
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
It's resilience and autonomy (thru 'redundant inter-dependence') not
robustness or efficiency. The appeal of investing our attention (and
potentially our energy) in p2p email solutions is for those of us who
wish to guarantee resilience and autonomy. A different mindset than
those who just want to use the tool that is currently most convenient.
The issue is resilience and autonomy are "principles" and not just
logical measures against some unthinkable disaster that may or may not
However, whenever the unthinkable happens you'll be happy you had
stuck to those principles...

@_date: 2009-05-10 07:11:35
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
I'm sure there are many more opinions about this subject ... within
this list and in general... but majority of people are happy when
technology just works, not too concerned about underlying philosophy
especially when they're carrying out the fight on a different level.
I think it's just a matter of personal inclination... I can't separate
the technology from the mission because I've spent most of my life
thinking about technology and how to use it to change the way people
think ...

@_date: 2009-05-10 07:28:53
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
I did post once on Rise Up under the Money or Economy list and had
zero responses (to a daft of the P2P Energy Economy) so I never
bothered to post again.
 Are you suggesting they may be interested in technology related

@_date: 2009-05-10 08:07:14
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
Thanks. I'll join and find out....
There is of course Freenet (which is p2p in its architecture) but it's
too paranoid in its obsession with security and anonymity that it
actualy scares off normal users, imo.

@_date: 2009-05-10 15:43:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Laconica: Open Source Twitter Replacement 
Twitter will end up being another Friendster, a first mover with no advantage.
On the web there is no brand; there is just experience.

@_date: 2009-05-10 15:52:54
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Laconica: Open Source Twitter Replacement 
That's hardcore Ryan! :)
In terms of your capacity to bridge vastly different worlds.

@_date: 2009-05-11 00:10:57
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Algorithmic sustainable design 
It sounds like music to my ears....
Thanks for sharing with us.

@_date: 2009-05-12 00:25:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
not to interrupt the flow here, but I posted this to Stefan's response:
Those who are focused on their own thinking, closed to new
possibilities that contradict their thinking, and determined in their
will to direct others in the direction of their thinking will
certainly achieve more in the short term to promote their thinking but
large masses rarely coalesce around such a single minded thinker.
The act of thinking is about opening us to possibility so you can make
the next leap forward not going in circles in an old, tried and
predetermined context.
On Tue, May 12, 2009 at 12:14 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-05-12 00:32:59
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ben Ramsey: Web 1.0, 2.0 and 3.0 Redefined 
Re:  I made the first highly popular observation linking "Web 3.0"
as a coinage and the "semantic web" and that was a full year before
Spivak got on the "Web 3.0 is Semantic Web" bandwagon,
but I guess credit goes to the author with the most brand name
recognition, and VC funded PR agencies certainly help...
FUnny enough the article where I made the connection was  on Twine
just recently, which I believe is owned and operated by Spivack's VC
funded venture Radar Networks.
On Mon, May 11, 2009 at 11:45 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-05-12 01:07:26
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ben Ramsey: Web 1.0, 2.0 and 3.0 Redefined 
I will, thanks.
Wolfram Alpha definitely belongs there, too.
On Tue, May 12, 2009 at 12:35 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-05-13 00:56:21
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: About Your Post: There is such a thing as 
Hi Michael, Michel,
I scanned it quickly.
Any attempt in this direction is bound to be very interesting.
I do not see how it's related to peer money, but it is certainly
related to solving collaboration problems.
It could potentially solve the collaboration issues we've all
experienced with one discussion list or another, but  I'm not sure how
natural it would be for people to adopt... and how effective.
I'll give it a second read and see if it make sense to leverage it in
my current projects then report back to this thread.
Thanks for sharing.
On Wed, May 13, 2009 at 12:41 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-05-13 11:30:32
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
I'm an outsider an far as the existing relationship between the two parties,
and Stefan's message is directed to Michel obviously,
However, I decided to read it out of curiosity/interest,
What a mistake!
I have no issue with Stefan, it's his argument that I feel is full of
unfulfilled ego, not just boundary setting but pure unadulterated ego
fulfilling, at the expense of what seemed to be a great working
relationship between ox and p2pf.
I think Michel's argument re: money reform/re-invention/re-definition
is not only validated by the large number of serious and sincere
efforts in that area, is getting in between Stefan and Stefan's pain
about capitalism, a personal pain which he has not dealt with
properly, for if he has he woudn't be so badly triggered by Michel's
argument, which is driving a wedge in his psyche, and hence the
painful screams of the ego.
What a joy to read this stuff and be detached from it.
We're all guilty of not having properly dealt with one painful issue
or another, but it's sadistic at best to expose everyone to our anger
just because they come in between us and that pain that we have yet to
deal with.
I think you guys are better off being allies than enemies.

@_date: 2009-05-13 22:24:56
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
The moral ideal is the commons. But that doesn't really work
universally right now and so market dynamics enter into it but
moderated by the moral ideal, and so they become dynamics in the
service of an ideal, not counteracting it.
And the balance is where most people find comfort between the two
different worlds of the market economy and the commons.
I sort of tried to do that in the P2P Energy Economy but it was a raw
and initial attempt and more learning is to be had before something
more viable emerges.
Some people like to interrupt this process in order to hold on to the
ideal but Michel, for one, realizes that it's important to stay open
to this process of reconciliation even when it swings to extremes.

@_date: 2009-05-14 00:06:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
I would totally love it if what Michel just captured (i.e. the
blending) below can be added to the P2P Core Principles along the
lines of this interpretation: P2P is not a static idea of thing we can
frame and hang on the wall. It's life. And as life, it's complex,
adaptive and evolving, with the caveat that, as an ideal, both moral
and rational, it holds on to its core values and inspires change all
around it, toward that ideal.
If that makes sense to you Ryan.
On Wed, May 13, 2009 at 11:53 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-05-14 09:02:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
There is a huge problem in seeming to say two contradictory things,
even if that's not the intent or can be argued against:
1. You seem to say that P2P is "open" (although I don't see the word
"evolvable" or "evolving" which is key to description of any model
that is .. um.. evolving, not set in stone, not static, not already
out dated)
2. You seem to contradict the above by excluding reciprocal exchange
(in the last paragraph) and saying that  that is not P2P. Who is the
P2P Foundation to tell people what P2P is and isn't. All we can do is
describe the core moral and rational ideals and keep it open and
evolvable.  Prosper uses the term P2P Lending for "lending with
interest." P2P is also used the P2P Energy Economy which is a
reciprocal system optimized for "the more you share, the more you
have" which is a commons-inspired ideal that benefits all while
benefiting the individual. To dictate what P2P is and isn't and then
call it "open" is a very clear contradiction.
What we need to do is state what the moral and rational ideals are (of
the commons) and let the P2P definition alone in peace so as not start
new wars of ideology. That is because the term P2P is being used in a
huge variety of ways, way beyond the very purist definition. Stating
the moral and rational ideals is sufficient, IMO, we don't need to
become a dictionary authority for the term P2P, as that will surely
relegate us to irrelevance. We can't own the concept. And I feel part
of the core principles assumes that we can.

@_date: 2009-05-14 09:49:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Speaking for myself, I have developed a half-decent model (still has
potential to evolve to capture more realism) of a P2P economy where
the more one shares the more one benefits. This contrasts with the
Commons idea if 'just sharing and not necessarily benefiting from the
sharing" It gives an incentive to sharing which is closer to the
notion of fairness to about 80% of people. It's the reason charitable
foundations get so much money around tax time, as there is mutual
benefit. Sharing without expectation of benefit (to the individual and
community) is what the commons is right now but layers of abstraction
could evolve around this core idea that are less purist than the core
but still hugely beneficial.
So my issue with your statement that P2P cannot be about exchange with
reciprocation. It's because you're looking at classical reciprocal
exchange that does NOT reward sharing, whereas I'm looking at a kind
of reciprocal exchange that does reward sharing and in fact makes
sharing a necessity for growth. That's the model in the P2P Energy
Economy. Why should it be barred under this non-definition definition
(or core principles)

@_date: 2009-05-14 09:54:25
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
We cannot control an idea, and P2P is in essence an idea.
We can state moral and rational "ideals" not "principles" .. I have a
huge problem with the word "principals" and sorry I dd not note it
Also "core" abstracts away rationality and morality and replaces them
with some center of mass that is not really there. The word "core" is
problematic but I may be insane.
I prefer Rational and Moral Ideals or more specifically Ideals. No
Principles as principles bound and dictate.

@_date: 2009-05-14 12:00:16
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
A principle is something to uphold and defend, which leads to ideology.
An ideal is something to work towards which leaves room for
imagination and creativity.
The spat between Stefan and Michel, if it taught us anything, is an
example of one person holding an ideology (Stefan) which is based on a
principle while the other person (Michel) is holding a set of ideals
which allows him to transcend the ideological state.
I'm in as long as we are promoting ideals not defining principles as
if we're gods or law makers. Ideals to work toward with an open mind
and room for all possibilities heading in the same direction, not
constricting "principles."
Else, I'm against any and all attempts to set in stone what is and
what can be because that is futile. We don't own the concept of p2p
and we can only aspire to match our ideals with our actions not up
hold some principles that we ourselves make!

@_date: 2009-05-14 13:27:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
The preamble works as long as we call them Common Ideals not Core Principles.
I have not explored what constitutes common ideals for me and say
Kevin or anyone else but I trust Michel's judgment on what constitute
the common ideals for the P2P movement at this time in our evolution
and I trust your integrity in articulating it.
I am totally in as long as we drop Core Principles, which scares me a
lot, and call it Common Ideals.
Both "core" and "principles" are problematic words for me. The first
implies an assumed center of mass in whatever follows the word "core"
(in this case the principles as the center of mass or the anchoring
center) where in fact our evolving morality and evolving rationality
are the only grounding forces, so I reject the implied meaning that
there is a solid core to our morality or rationality that does not
change. There isn't. And we live with an evolving morality and
evolving rationality.
So that's as far as my grievance against the word Core as used in Core
The problem I have with Principles as a word is that principles are
meant to be upheld and defended and we are not setting out to uphold
or defend any set of rules or ideas that we ourselves come up with. We
are setting out to work toward common ideals.
So if we change Core Principles to Common Ideals the I'm super fine
and Michel snd yourself can lead the definition and articulation of
those common ideals.
I am fine as long as they're recognized as Common Ideals not Core
Principles. For me, it makes a big difference.
Thanks Ryan. I do like the preamble but with the title change to
Common Ideals, or any such phrasing, not just the preamble by itself!

@_date: 2009-05-14 21:22:09
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
It sounds like a complex rational device.
Keeping it simple, focused on the ideals on top of which variety of
frameworks are based, is better in my opinion than presenting it as a
core of principles that one must to uphold and defend to be part of
the P2P Foundation's view of P2P.

@_date: 2009-05-15 08:23:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
But then you create two classes of citizens (or members) within the
P2P Foundation: those who uphold some officially recognized "core"
principles and those who don't, like America which is a Christian
nation even if Obama says its not (just look at the dollar bill or go
live in any small town where the dominant belief system is
Christianity) but they 'tolerate' non-Christians and are inclusive on
the surface.
Having fixed or core beliefs or principles that are not open to change
(not just debate) and that are upheld and defended always separates
people and can never unite humanity.
What we share as human beings are not principles that we fight for and
defend but moral and rational ideals and we can capture that
commonslity in our case here as the ideal of the commons and other
I would definitely not subscribe to any Core Principles because of
what the phrase means but simply changing the phrase (not the ideas)
to Common Ideals will allow me to subscribe to them.
As a thinking person, I'm very sensitive to the underlying meaning of things.

@_date: 2009-05-16 09:14:02
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
It's a process of Creative Destruction. I don't know about Kevin and I
suspect strongly that he's not into creative destruction as that is
the realm of the insane :) But I believe strongly that we what we have
today needs to undergo a process of creative destruction.
I'm not shooting for a big picture, final story, a vision or any of
that stuff, I just want to destroy what exists so something new, not
defined by me, can emerge In this process we may suggest
anarcho-p2p-ish rhythms and motifs but it's all art in the end and the
goal is to persuade people that 'there is something else' and set them
free to their own imagination in a process that, as you guessed, is as
chaotic and destructive (to the existing system) as it is regenerative
and creatively significant.
To that end, we have no goal but to destroy what is, creatively, not
thru violence in the real or cyber world but thru a literal war on the
imagination (or lack thereof) of society.
I hope this makes sense. Creative destruction is an essential part of
nature and history; we just want to move from the physical form to the
mental form.
At least that is my goal... regeneration of society's ability to
imagine something different, anything, and not be stuck in the same
old story. Hence my preference for "ideals" vs "principles"
Michel's convictions qualify as IDEALS not principles as far as my
lexical intuition is concerned. :)

@_date: 2009-05-16 09:33:22
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Hi Michel,
Convictions are strong, non-changing beliefs in some ideals...
Principles are convictions set in stone.
So it's just a matter of the degree of rigidity of our belief that we
go from ideals to convictions to principles.
I explained in my previous message to Ryan that I'm in it for the
Creative Destruction of what is, so it makes sense for me to widen my
base of common beliefs by going with the least rigid form of belief,
the idea of the ideal.
But I see that P2P Foundation has a mission to change the world; not
simply engage in the creative destruction of what is, but to define
what can be and work to make it happen (as oppose to define it as a
possibility to give people something to think about...)
I think that's the key and main difference in the way we're going
about it and you certainly have done a lot more than I have (and will
be true for many years and potentially decades or for all my
existence) to awaken people to the possibility of something different,
but whereas my goal ends right there your goal is to actually bring
about the 'possibility' that you've worked hard to envision, define
and promote.
By the way, had I realized this about my own way I would not have
argued so vigorously for it, and it would have been better to act as
an agitator of imagination than an agitator of egos. However,
creativity does not flow without emotional heat, and the emotional
tension that is its precursor, so a little ego agitation is not too
bad, but I could have been a little more focused on agitating the
imagination (of myself and others) and less on agitating the
underlying emotions.
The Stefan episode definitely helped me reach this awareness...
because of how stark it is as an example of being defined by ideology.

@_date: 2009-05-16 22:11:15
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] very important discussion about 'now web" or 
Why do people always think in terms of Future A, OR, Future B, and not
Future A && B && C && D etc ?
I don't understand why the stream metaphor is not just another way.
Why does it have to be the replacement?
I think maybe in terms of metaphors competing with each other for
dominance and our partaking the author is probably right that the
stream metaphor will gain more momentum in the next 10 years and may
(only a potentiality) become more dominant and prominent than the page
metaphor, but both will exist for thousands of years. The page
metaphor has already existed for thousands of years and will continue
to exist for thousands of years.
The stream metaphor is not new. Email is a stream. It predates RSS.
The US Postal Service delivers a stream of letters. Streaming
information has also existed for thousands of years.
Nothing new, IMO, except what is more prominent/dominant at one time
or another.
Or maybe I'm just not 'feeling' it! :)

@_date: 2009-05-17 11:03:22
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] very important discussion about 'now web" or 
The only way for me to get into it is if I use it thru my mobile phone
just like I use texting. I had been involved in a venture in 2003
involving a form of what is now called 'pervasive gaming' that is
played over SMS. Yet I did not use SMS myself until 2007 when I met my
girlfriend who was an 'SMS power user' at that point in time. And then
I got addicted to it as I started using it.
I'm installing a Twitter app on my development iPhone (and will
actually start using the iPhone as of OS 3.0 as my phone) so I expect
that will get me to use twitter more often but the key is WHO IS
WORTHY OF MY "PERSISTENT" FOLLOWING?  Is Mel Brooks on Twitter? Is he
still funny? I doubt it, at least for the former. Whom among the
comedians or present day philosophers that I like is on Twitter? Is
there a service that tells me that, like a Twitter 411 (directory)?
I bet if P2P Research list starts a twitter account and you send out
interesting tidbits of news/opinions thru it then it will be a really
interesting experiment for us, that might get us into twittering (or
tweeting) ....
I'm sure fights can still happen but they will be limited to 140
characters of pain. Imagine that! I think that alone makes it

@_date: 2009-05-17 11:34:22
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: About Your Post: There is such a thing as 
Hi Michael,
I had worked in the area of "structured debate" a few years ago before
and I had posted about it 7 months ago on P2Pf @ Ning (not sure if I
deleted that post or if it's still there.. but it had zero rsponses to
it because I think people couldn't really contextualize it, and that's
due to the intertia problem you mention)
The idea, not to take away from yours (because I think yours is
fantastic and should be tried), was to have Semantic Forum where
people would tag their responses to each thread with things like
"Agree", "Debate", "Disagree", "Nonsense" and where they can add tags
within the reply itself like "InContextOf(abc paragraph from xyz
thread OR topic name)" and "RelatedTo(abc paragraph OR xyz topic
name)" so this way "filters" can be built to categorize responses
(accurately, according to how the poster intended them not how they
maybe interpreted subjectively) and basically we'd build a Semantic
Forum Language. In addition, we can build "Reasoners" or "intelligent
filters" that can make deductions for the reader, so it goes beyond
simply structuring the debate for the reader; and allows comprehension
This would reduce fights (due to misinterpretation [which maybe
because the reader missed something or the poster forgot to elaborate
about the context etc, which happens very often]) and it would
increase productivity as a result of more effective dialog.
I can specify such a semantic debate system but I think that if it
could be combined with your idea or something similar then it would be
more interesting to me (as a new, fresh challenge ...)
BTW, I think that the Long Tail is failing in large part, based on
observations. It's applicable but only in small cases, and it's better
replaced with the simple statistics of chance. See this:

@_date: 2009-05-17 11:41:20
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: About Your Post: There is such a thing as 
Just wanted to add w.r.t. the long tail: the economics of producing a
large inventory of niche items is not working out as most of the
traffic goes to popular items, thus leading full circle back to the
current model of investing in hit items or items that can become hit
items. That's what's being observed now (vs the theory)

@_date: 2009-05-18 10:40:06
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] negative interest at NYT 
I think the idea of giving a portion of an enterprise to each paying
consumer (as they buy more goods/services from that enterprise) is a
fantastic one.
I think it's time has come.
The hard part is SEC rules (fucking stupid, and not evolving at the speed of
change that's happening) dictate that such a model cannot happen.

@_date: 2009-05-18 13:32:40
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
I have not followed this discussion closely, but I think others are talking
about "money as it ought to be" not how money is today.
But I maybe wrong. Just thought I'd mention the possibility...

@_date: 2009-05-19 01:27:27
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
This is the curse of mailing lists, when many people are contributing
continuously, it is seen as generating too much volume and that puts other
people off ...
yet another piece of evidence that some people do actually seek scarcity and
not because of anything wrong with them but because attention itself is a
scarce resource
what i mean is, we are constrained by scarce internal resources (e.g.
attention, patience, processing power, energy, etc) so no wonder we built
the kind of money that enforces scarcity,

@_date: 2009-05-19 01:55:28
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 153 
I did not mean 'you' but the 'hypothetical you', i.e. everyone or most
people. We all have limits! even the insane among us have limits (which
they've probably surpassed and, hence, the insanity)
But I do think that efficiency (of a given decision making process, e.g. in
economics) can be synonymous sometimes with scarcity of alternatives...
since the number of solutions in the search space or the breadth of the
search space is inversely proportional to efficiency of finding the
right/optimal solution (for the given constraints)
So I do think that efficiency and scarcity overlap in our thinking and as we
seek efficiency we are also seeking scarcity in the number of possible

@_date: 2009-05-19 02:16:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 153 
it's more about achieving a homeostasis than devising some purposeful order
Aiming for homeostasis would be supporting emergent order over intelligent
design ')

@_date: 2009-05-19 03:01:19
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 153 
you can tag the subject line with standardized words e.g.*Money*, *General*
etc, that we agree to as a group (and can be added it, amended) so that
people can setup filters (e.g. in gmail) to filter in/out messages with
specific tags

@_date: 2009-05-19 21:05:47
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
Economics as a field of inquiry is not an exact science unless you
consider sociology and psychology to be exact sciences, which they are
But even the exact sciences are just stories that we tell about what
we observe visually and in mentally. These stories are in constant
flux. Science does not sit still; it revises itself over time and that
applies also to the most mammoth of human constructions: mathematics,
but unlike physics over relatively large periods, and that is
coincidentally why mathematics is a good foundation for the exact
sciences, and now being slowly challenged by self emergent
computation, or nature's own maths.
Anyway, to think of the economic theories of today (exact
thermoeconomic and evolutionary economic theories exempted)  as an
exact science is a very dustrubing thought. Its like saying that we
see all the immoral game playing that is prevalent in today's economy
but we would rather cover our reta and ears and believe in some made
up story about some economic theory that doesn't even have any axioms
(or logical legs) to stand on. The assumptions are often circular and
when not they gravely simplify reality. And you (the hypothetical you)
call that a theory, and then you use it to measure other people's
It is true that when trying to hack the system you mucy understand its
sociological and psychological interfaces or the existing norms of
inter-action, but yoi can't say that those interfaces are based on an
exact science. So I can't see why Franz can't have his own
definitions! Everyone should hack the system but some do it by
imagining a better interface rather than hacking it thru the existing
one, and their imagined way may be better and superior so we should be
open, but also recognize Ryan's implicit argument that in order to
effect change directly we need to understand the existing interfaces,
the exiting definitions, yet what I'm asserting is that those existing
definitions are misused and abused all the time to the point where the
given definition loses its storybook  meaning and gains a very
troubling meaning.

@_date: 2009-05-19 23:16:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
Anyways, this list can be a part of a common mind or a part of a
common nervous system. I don't think we want the latter, although its
hard to have a pure mind of our own, nevermind a pure common mind...
This duality of the list as a common mind and the list as a common
nervous system is going to be there no matter what contraption we put
on top of it to discipline it. It will always have this duality
because the list is made of us and we, as human beings, have that
duality. Sometimes we react and other times we respond from a place of
higher consciousness.
So regardless of volume of messages and the method of viewing the list
will always have that duality or else it is as good as a dead list,
like Stefan's list right now which is restricted to his pure mind.

@_date: 2009-05-19 23:27:58
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
Regarding religions, and the repackaging of their founder's spiritual
enligtenment and moral ideals as laws or principles handed from an all
powerful, ruling god, I agree that such an end is not desirable.
However, the purpose of life is not to get our way or our say (easy to
say, hard to practice) but to just be present, be awake.
So I'm still against the idea of upholding and defending some
convictions or principles that we ourselves came up with!
But otherwise I'm with you.

@_date: 2009-05-19 23:57:17
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
Sorry to interrupt the exchange (Franz and Ryan) but I saw mention of the
Frankfurt School... I hardly read any books these days (since the last dozen
years) and still processing what I had read when I was in my late teens, the
one book that I have read in recent memory was by Adorno and I think it was
called the Culture Industry.
It was a translation from German so it was extremely terse, not a very
flowing narrative, but it's funny that it sounded like music to me and I was
super into it for some inexplicable reason. I had no idea Adorno was also a
composer but now that I know (I looked him up on Wikipedia a second ago) I
can see how his musical expertise infiltrated his writings such that the
rhythm of his thought carried the meaning instead of the meaning being
carried by the particular words he chose.
I couldn't drop that book and it had an amazingly soothing and fortifying
effect on my psyche, but I couldn't say if I agree with any of his extreme
views of society. Yet, the meaning he wanted to convey, beyond his logics,
was conveyed through the rhythm of his thought.
I think you guys sound like a bass player (Ryan) and a violinist (Franz)
just not agreeing on what tune to play or how to play it but you're both
coming through very clearly, at least to me!
It is entertaining to watch,

@_date: 2009-05-20 00:26:11
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Theodore Adorno's work (open thread) 
This is a thread where I'll post excerpts from Adorno's Culture Industry, a
book which I had read about 5 years ago and was mesmerized by the rhythm
implicit in his writing, and shocked by how extreme his views were, and
still not comfortable with his over abundance of precision.
Feel free to ignore, reply to, or just glance thru.
Here is the first excerpt:
This is the result not of a law of movement in technology as such but of its
function in today?s economy. The need which might resist central control has
already been suppressed by the control of the individual consciousness. The
step from the telephone to the radio has clearly distinguished the roles.
The former still allowed the subscriber to play the role of subject, and was
liberal. The latter is democratic: it turns all participants into listeners
and authoritatively subjects them to broadcast programs which are all
exactly the same. No machinery of rejoinder has been devised, and private
broadcasters are denied any freedom. They are confined to the apocryphal
field of the ?amateur,? and also have to accept organisation from above.
But any trace of spontaneity from the public in official broadcasting is
controlled and absorbed by talent scouts, studio competitions and official
programs of every kind selected by professionals. Talented performers belong
to the industry long before it displays them; otherwise they would not be so
eager to fit in. The attitude of the public, which ostensibly and actually
favours the system of the culture industry, is a part of the system and not
an excuse for it. If one branch of art follows the same formula as one with
a very different medium and content; if the dramatic intrigue of broadcast
soap operas becomes no more than useful material for showing how to master
technical problems at both ends of the scale of musical experience ? real
jazz or a cheap imitation; or if a movement from a Beethoven symphony is
crudely ?adapted? for a film sound-track in the same way as a Tolstoy novel
is garbled in a film script: then the claim that this is done to satisfy the
spontaneous wishes of the public is no more than hot air.
We are closer to the facts if we explain these phenomena as inherent in the
technical and personnel apparatus which, down to its last cog, itself forms
part of the economic mechanism of selection. In addition there is the
agreement ? or at least the determination ? of all executive authorities not
to produce or sanction anything that in any way differs from their own
rules, their own ideas about consumers, or above all themselves.

@_date: 2009-05-20 00:32:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Theodore Adorno's work (open thread) 
"The ruthless unity in the culture industry is evidence of what will happen
in politics. Marked differentiations such as those of A and B films, or of
stories in magazines in different price ranges, depend not so much on
subject matter as on classifying, organising, and labelling consumers.
Something is provided for all so that none may escape; the distinctions are
emphasised and extended. The public is catered for with a hierarchical range
of mass-produced products of varying quality, thus advancing the rule of
complete quantification. Everybody must behave (as if spontaneously) in
accordance with his previously determined and indexed level, and choose the
category of mass product turned out for his type. Consumers appear as
statistics on research organisation charts, and are divided by income groups
into red, green, and blue areas; the technique is that used for any type of

@_date: 2009-05-20 00:49:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Theodore Adorno's work (open thread) 
And this reminds me of Stefan's list and other lists where those who tend to
be open to experimentation (falling our of rhythm with the band of idiots)
are pushed out, kindly or by demeaning:
"No independent thinking must be expected from the audience: the product
prescribes every reaction: not by its natural structure (which collapses
under reflection), but by signals. Any logical connection calling for mental
effort is painstakingly avoided. As far as possible, developments must
follow from the immediately preceding situation and never from the idea of
the whole."

@_date: 2009-05-20 01:26:05
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Theodore Adorno's work (open thread) 
This one is quite painful...
Life in the late capitalist era is a constant initiation rite. Everyone must
show that he wholly identifies himself with the power which is belaboring
him. This occurs in the principle of jazz syncopation, which simultaneously
derides stumbling and makes it a rule. The eunuch-like voice of the crooner
on the radio, the heiress's smooth suitor, who falls into the swimming pool
in his dinner jacket, are models for those who must become whatever the
system wants. Everyone can be like this omnipotent society; everyone can be
happy, if only he will capitulate fully and sacrifice his claim to
happiness. In his weakness society recognizes its strength, and gives him
some of it. His defenselessness makes him reliable. Hence tragedy is
discarded. Once the opposition of the individual to society was its
substance. It glorified "the bravery and freedom of emotion before a
powerful enemy, an exalted affliction, a dreadful problem." Today tragedy
has melted away into the nothingness of that false identity of society and
individual, whose terror still shows for a moment in the empty semblance of
the tragic. But the miracle of integration, the permanent act of grace by
the authority who receives the defenseless person ? once he has swallowed
his rebelliousness ? signifies Fascism. This can be seen in the
humanitarianism which Doblin uses to let his Biberkopf find refuge, and
again in socially-slanted films. The capacity to find refuge, to survive
one's own ruin, by which tragedy is defeated, is found in the new
generation; they can do any work because the work process does not let them
become attached to any. This is reminiscent of the sad lack of conviction of
the homecoming soldier with no interest in the war, or of the casual laborer
who ends up by joining a paramilitary organization. This liquidation of
tragedy confirms the abolition of the individual."

@_date: 2009-05-20 02:28:34
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] leaving this list, 
Attempt to promote superficial, judgmental, arbitrary rules always get the
same response from me, Marco: NO.
If one person rejecting to accept your rules is a cause for you to leave the
whole list then that is a choice YOU are responsible for, not the list.

@_date: 2009-05-20 14:38:37
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Netiquette (was: Re: leaving this list) 
It's called netiquette but it is essentially an agreement between the vocal
minority to enforce rules of behavior on the rest of society.
I don't share what is supposedly a 'mass agreement' when it comes to
communication. I have my own agreement, and it goes like this:
If someone cannot bear to read what I send due to the style or content they
can set a filter in under 3 seconds to junk my replies.
If someone wants me to adopt a supposedly mass agreement called 'netiquette'
that I did not sign on to they are being coercive. Join the herd . Join the
herd because the herd knows better. I don't agree. I think retaining all
threads in the same message as new replies come up is easier for me since I
always want to see all threads of a reply in one place.
So it's not just a matter of wanting to rebel against 'the herd knows
better' falsehood (see Unwisdom of
but it is a logical thing for me to want to have all replies to a given
topic in the same message. My brain likes it better that way. Are you going
to argue against the methods I've developed for navigating my world? Again,
if you don't like it or it does not work for your brain to have all replies
in one message feel free to set a filter to junk my replies. It works well
for me and the other method does not, and only incentive to adopt the other
method is coercion by the herd and peer pressure, which is a dangerous
pattern. If something works well for an individual and the herd can live
with it (by setting a filter) then why should the individual go out of his
way to accommodate the herd? If the herd wants to reject the individual
because the individual does not obey the herd rules or the herd taste then
that's a herd mentality the individual should not be wasting their time
arguing with.
Again, it works for me and it does not hurt the herd to filter out my
messages, nor would it hurt me, as I'm hear for the experiment behind the
experiment, not the experiment itself. And so far it's  been pretty
mediocre, nothing shocking or unexpected.
But there is always more to learn.
The herd can live with me using a way that is optimal for myself. The herd
can filter me out or kick me out of its body. But I won't change a way that
works for me to accommodate others when others CAN accommodate themselves
(by setting up a filter or agreeing as a herd to ban me) Either way is
perfectly fine, but i suspect it's all just bitching and moaning since they
can setup a filter but they'd rather complain to have me change what works
for me. What a brain fuck that is!
So the answer is still: NO.
Give me a better argument, or setup a filter.
It's totally ridiculous that this is happening in a p2p research group.
Critical thinking re: group vs individual? where did that go? isn't that
part of the foundation of p2p theory? or is everybody assuming this is about
the herd? like it is everywhere?

@_date: 2009-05-20 18:44:59
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Netiquette (was: Re: leaving this list) 
Its not me first. That would be immoral. But it is me that I am
responsible for. I am not responsible for what the herd does.
I have a certain way of managing discussion threads and that way works
for me. The herd can choose to filter me out and so can anyone within
the herd. Why should the herd want me to accomodate it and forget
about my need? When the herd can accomodate itself by filtering me out
with just a few clicks? Why should I undermine my way of doing things
to accomodatr the herd's will when the herd can accomodatr itself by
itself snd allow both itself and myself to have our needs met.
I don't assume that the herd cares about the opinion of the
individual. It cares about the common opinion or what the vocal or
powerful minority present as the common opinion.
Why should anyone be ashamed of standing up for themselves against the
herd mentality?
Why should I ask not what I can do for myself but what I can do for
the herd? Asking the latter is how wars are justified. The German
youth asked what they can do for the herd not what they can do for
themselves. Hitler won.
So it is not about me first. It is about meeting my needs as long as
they do not hurt anyone who does not want to be hurt. If someone does
not want to filter me out but instead wants me to abandon my way and
join the herd's way, it would be idiotic to accomodatr them and ignore
my need when they could accomodatr themselves by just filtering me
out, without me having to ignore my need to satisfy the herd.

@_date: 2009-05-20 21:22:42
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Netiquette (was: Re: leaving this list) 
To me, maintaining our individual ways while also cooperating with the
like-minded on projects/ideas of interest works better than subscribing to
common rules. It's not the same as anarchy. Its' the freedom from rules that
don't work for us and that wouldn't hurt anyone for us if we don't follow
them (as others can simply avoid interacting with us when we break those
rules. It's there choice. It's my choice. Choice is key. I don't buy that
abiding by 9and defending) common rules/principles is better than the
freedom to make our own choices.
Choice is very important. The commons does not take choice away. The herd
does. Big difference.

@_date: 2009-05-20 22:03:01
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Netiquette (was: Re: leaving this list) 
I tend to agree with a common agreement if it does not undermine the way I
I need all the threads in one place for continuity of thought since I'm
handling 10,000 things mentally at once, so I like to see all threads in a
given message reply chain all on the same page as I compose each reply. This
way I save short term memory for use as a cache rather than permanent store.
It's a very basic model for multitasking that I have grown used to. I think
it would upset my process to do it the other way and since people can elect
to filter me out I leave it to them to do that rather than undermine the way
I process my replies.
As far as equating netiquette to the herd. I did not co-author the
netiquette. I wasn't asked my opinion of it. Some people put it together and
others decided to follow. I'm completely out of the loop on it and so are 2
billion other people who did not participate in drafting that wikipedia page
on Netiquette. Some are inclined the herd, and some are not. Hence, the
association between herd and netiquette in this context.

@_date: 2009-05-21 00:49:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Netiquette (was: Re: leaving this list) 
Like in mathematics, to us, the number 1 is different than all other numbers.
Indiviuality. Not at the expense of the whole but for the benefit of
the whole, which is one.
Don't know if thath makes any bleeping sense but I feel 1 for all is
as important an ideal as all for 1.
Says the French Musketeers :)
Can't get any cheesier than that.
I'm sorry I went over the edge on this one but the death of
individuality as the norm is very scary, still after all this time
spent cultivating commonality
But that's just me.

@_date: 2009-05-21 02:04:36
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the end of the bank-centric universe 
Obama is just a person. Like us. He can be persuaded by the dark side or he
can rise above it. He's in a constant struggle between his true ideals and
the temptation of power.
It's not a static picture but Ariana benefits from presenting it as such.
Her online newspaper thrives on unfounded or little founded controversy.

@_date: 2009-05-21 02:15:15
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
It's all this game playing that needs to stop You're aware if it and
describe it well. Why perpetuate it? It's possible that a feast is worth
exactly the amount of total median energy it takes to produce it (based on
'raw resources + labor + skills' costing model for prepared food)  plus a
fixed profit margin (for reinvestment/growth)
I do not find a single correct and complete argument that tells me why it's
impossible to price things for what they cost in raw resources + labor +
skills plus a fixed margin of profit.
If you can present a coherent fully logical and logically provable argument
as to why such pricing model would be unfeasible then that would be a
surprise for me. I believe it is a lot of tedious accounting but not
fundamentally flawed to price things at median cost in energy plus some

@_date: 2009-05-21 08:35:55
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
On what basis do you assume that?  That is totally a flawed assumption on
your part, as far as I can see. But let's delve into your reasoning.
 <<
There are fair games and unfair games. You can call everything a game in the
game theoretical sense but people say "stop playing games" when they are
experiencing unfairness not when fair decisions are being made. The context
is the connotation of people playing games with unfair manipulation. The
context (while it's very obvious from usage) is not the abstract game
theoretical framework for decision making be it any of the models out there
including the two I'm studying comparatively.
That is a very outdated opinion given predictive inventory control systems,
on which the P2P Energy Economy is predicated in part.
What we have today is sub-optimal level of consumption. There is artificial
scarcity created through manipulation of supply or under-investment in
supply in favor of extracting more profit! Money goes into higher prices
when supply is manipulated not into higher production capacity. You should
really read the full model description in P2P Energy Economy and argue
against the logic used there, and if you do successfully I'd be delighted to
give it another update. It has not received much feedback in the last couple
of months and I can only take it to mean that A) it has become to hard for
people to digest in full and/or B) no one is able to find critical flaws in
the logic (and if they do that would be terrific, so I urge you to read it
and make your arguments there rather than shooting-from-the-hip judgments
that are founded in lack of understanding of the 'fixed cost + fixed profit
margin' model.
As far as perpetual motion goes, I'm not sure how a thermoeconomic system
where the currency is basically an accounting energy flow growth can be
anything but a while(growth) loop. If you believe that all conditional loops
should be abolished then 100% of software out there would stop working. As
long as energy flow grows the currency in circulation grows and accumulates
and the key assumption there is that growth is continuous. If growth stops
for whatever external or uncalculated reason (and I'd be interested in
knowing how and why, if others can give examples in the context of the P2P
Energy Economy) then currency issuance stops but no currency needs to be
taken out of the system because the energy flow growth that the currency
represents had been put into higher productivity, i.e. already consumed and
already produced tangible output, so no need to reclaim the currency that
had been issued as it was converted into work (or higher productivity)
already before it was issued and all work done (in this model where there is
an opportunity cost for energy) sustains growth.
Predictive inventory systems SOLVED the problem of predicting demand about
40 years ago. It's time to get on the bandwagon.
So given your argument is out dated in this regard, I'll let you argue
against predictive inventory systems as the already working solution for
rational supply-demand management! before I delve into deeper discussion.
So far as the world has determined to date, or at least so far as I am

@_date: 2009-05-21 09:29:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog on Political Economy of P2P 
In a capitalistic system, profit is also maximized deliberately or
inadvertently by monopolists who limit supply (either by not investing
enough in expanded and more efficient production or by simply not investing
in production at all) which keep prices high and assures larger profit as
both the profit margin and the time they get to have that profit margin is
increased (the latter due to lower rate of resource depletion)

@_date: 2009-05-21 12:59:09
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Very quickly for now, but will get back with more:
I reject the argument re: Black Swan and predictive inventory systems.
The 'Tickle Me Elmo' demand explosion during one xmas shopping week many
years ago is a good example of a black swan in demand forecasting.
So what happened when demand exploded all the sudden? Well, supply was
exhausted and people were left fighting each other for a toy and over paying
by as much as 100X over 'market price.'
But let's say that there was no way to set a price (as is the case in P2P
Energy Economy where price is set collectively based on per-category costing
models and demand prediction [for more accurate detail, see P2P Energy
Economy]) then assume a black swan event occurs and the total supply of
Tickle Me Elmos is exhausted. What happens? people won't over pay for one
thing. And the next thing that will happen, based on the fact that all
production in P2P Energy Economy is open peer production, people will
download the schemes and make their own Tickle Me Elmos. In addition, an
intelligent, predictive algorithm with tentacles throughout the economic
network will learn the pattern leading to such a black swan in demand and
become better at recognizing the corrolates for such eruption in demand,
thus adding another layer of safety against supply exhaustion, but open peer
production together with current predictive inventory systems (some of which
are very intelligent, much more than my simple predictive algorithm [see P2P
Energy Economy for detailed algorithm]) gives us enough resilience against
so called black swans in demand.
So Patrick's question is very important in this context: open peer
production and predictive gives us a much more robust system and we don't
need to resort to the mechanics of the falsely called 'market price'

@_date: 2009-05-21 13:14:03
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Here is an improved version of my last paragraph:
But let's say that there was no way to set a price (as is the case in P2P
Energy Economy where price is set collectively based on per-category costing
models and demand prediction [for more accurate detail, see P2P Energy
Economy]) then assume a black swan event occurs and the total supply of
Tickle Me Elmos is exhausted. What happens? people won't over pay for one
thing. And the next thing that will happen, based on the fact that all
production in P2P Energy Economy is open peer production, people will
download the schemes and make their own Tickle Me Elmos. In addition, an
intelligent, predictive algorithm with tentacles throughout the economic
network (for the given product) will learn the pattern leading to such a
black swan in demand and become better at recognizing the corrolates for
such eruption in demand, thus adding another layer of safety against supply
exhaustion, but open peer production together with current predictive
inventory systems (some of which are very intelligent, much more than my
simple predictive algorithm [see P2P Energy Economy for detailed algorithm])
give us a much more robust system and we don't need to resort to the
mechanics of the falsely called 'market price'
I can defend the above assertion at the detail level so, for those
interested in details, let's work through some examples.
A simulation is long over due, but there are certain high level issues with
the P2P Energy Economy that need to be resolved first, one of which is
guaranteeing growth in energy flow, which requires some constraints that
aren't present in the model at the moment.

@_date: 2009-05-21 14:06:50
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
The argument I have is two fold and you seem to be dancing around it :)
1. Open Peer Production: who gives a damn if demand was mis-predicted. Short
on some product? DIY it!!! open production allows that and Patrick's
question re: peer producing for themselves is a very key question. After
all, we're discussing peer production here, aren't we? If it's open,
distributed and sustainable it can be replicated by networks of peers as
demand erupts (your black swan)
2. If you leave it to predictive inventory systems and collective price
setting based on standard costing models (regardless of how tedious it would
be to build and maintain those models as everything starts out inefficient
then gains in efficiency and so will the costing models) then that and open
peer production will give us a workale model where price = median cost +
fixed profit margin, and I don't see any perpetual motion here.
It's obvious that without a profit margin it would not work for three
reasons: lack of guaranteed incentive, inability to grow, and friction (or
inherent efficiency or noise that cannot be eliminated from the production
and delivery process)
But with open peer production and predictive inventory management systems
(as opposed to managers who can exercise a natural human greedy/manipulative
side) give us a much more robust and fair system than what we have today.

@_date: 2009-05-21 14:11:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: excellent contribution 
Price manipulation is what I'd like to eliminate.
1. Goods/services can be dumped below cost to eliminate competition
2. Goods/services can be made scarce by a monopoly to raise price way above
cost and extract more profit over longer period
And usually, 2 follows 1, in sequence. Also known as LETS SCREW THE CONSUMER

@_date: 2009-05-21 15:00:37
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Continuation of Money Flow Thread 
Someone set the message length to 100K max.
We need to figure out the Google length threshold (max length for messages
before Google starts hiding them) and use that, and just deal with it, not
because of some arbitrary netiquette.
Anyway, the bounced message follows below:
Peer production is NOT about magic replicators.
If production is open and sustainable (I list 10 or 11 conditions for
sustainability in the P2P Energy Economy) then THEORETICALLY anyone with
average IQ, interest and motivation should be able to reproduce any given
product or service. Even if the theoretical ideal is met 20% of the way,
that is a huge improvement over centralized production.
I agree that production eventually turns centralized to increase efficiency
but at the cost of resiliency/redundancy. Yet you cannot ban peers from
investing in centralization. But if resiliency, not efficiency, is rewarded
with higher profit then they have you remove the reason for centralization.
*(Note to self: this is one key fix that needs to be made to P2P Energy
Economy. The other fix is guaranteeing growth of energy flow between peers
which is a much harder problem... but can have a similar solution thru a
strategic reward model.)*
I doubt your system would work as well as the greedy managers.
If by "work as well as" you mean "efficiency at a moral cost" then you're
right. But your definition of "works well" would be immoral, too, in my
over 30% above median cost is too much.
Skipping definition of greed, anything above 30% is excessive, IMO.
Good question, but not intractable to a computer.
You have to realize that computers will take over, sooner or later, so
prepare for it or ignore it at your descendants' peril :)

@_date: 2009-05-21 14:53:20
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Peer production is NOT about magic replicators.
If production is open and sustainable (I list 10 or 11 conditions for
sustainability in the P2P Energy Economy) then THEORETICALLY anyone with
average IQ, interest and motivation should be able to reproduce any given
product or service. Even if the theoretical ideal is met 20% of the way,
that is a huge improvement over centralized production.
I agree that production eventually turns centralized to increase efficiency
but at the cost of resiliency/redundancy. Yet you cannot ban peers from
investing in centralization. But if resiliency, not efficiency, is rewarded
with higher profit then they have you remove the reason for centralization.
*(Note to self: this is one key fix that needs to be made to P2P Energy
Economy. The other fix is guaranteeing growth of energy flow between peers
which is a much harder problem... but can have a similar solution thru a
strategic reward model.)*
I doubt your system would work as well as the greedy managers.
If by "work as well as" you mean "efficiency at a moral cost" then you're
right. But your definition of "works well" would be immoral, too, in my
over 30% above median cost is too much.
Skipping definition of greed, anything above 30% is excessive, IMO.
Good question, but not intractable to a computer.
You have to realize that computers will take over, sooner or later, so
prepare for it or ignore it at your descendants' peril :)

@_date: 2009-05-21 19:55:18
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
Also, I use the partner state rather than the nexus state, I have to reread
what you mean by that. But the partner state is a neutral arbiter between
the 3 modes (centralizing governance, decentralized markets, distributed
peer production by civil society based communities) and 'enables and
empowers the direct production of social value.
I don't see a mention of the individual.
The individual in the model above has been replaced with a faceless 'peer'
as a new word for cog in the wheel (of a civil society based community)

@_date: 2009-05-21 20:40:41
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
Yes, but, let me challenge you and everyone else in my freely contributing
What if the individual does not want to join the community but is otherwise
a well meaning, good doing individual...?  What if I see myself not
belonging to this community but just acting in the same virtual space it's
in as well as in other spaces, and making my own rules, changing them,
evolving my own morality and rationality based on my own experiences.
What if I don't accept the meta? What if I do not subscribe to the common
agreements of this community?
I am freely contributing but what kind of relationship do I have to the
community? CS would sound right, but it's CS without acceptance of any rules
by the community, i.e. Unconditional CS or UCS since CS tends to involve
conditions/rules (such as the message length that was enforced today despite
that it is inconvenient for me.. and in this case prevents me from
participating because it is an enforced rule that I cannot bypass)
Is Unconditional CS covered by David's model?

@_date: 2009-05-21 20:54:37
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
The P2P Energy Economy model is a thought model or a model of could be
To the best of my knowledge, no one has used predictive inventory systems
(aka just-in-time inventory) outside the current dollar based economy.
When you say "market economy" it's confusing to me because the P2P Energy
Economy does have a market. It's just designed differently for sustainable
abundance rather than the manipulative game playing, profit extracting,
cruel, abusive and wonderful model that we have today.

@_date: 2009-05-21 20:58:46
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
BTW, Roberto's work is made of ideals and insights but no concrete
"engineering" or "design" that I came across.
His insights about resiliency vs. efficiency, which are shared by Dante,
too, were controversial to me at that time but now I accept them and know
how they relate in the context of an economy.

@_date: 2009-05-21 21:20:07
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I agree, Michel, but my biggest concern is that to me p2p promised a
framework for empowering the individual not the herd but I realize that
we're both trying to address the same injustices and inequities and neither
the individualist nor the civil society community vision is without their
share of problems.
"Forget the plan. Planning is everything" --Eisenhower

@_date: 2009-05-21 23:36:32
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Not only that but every design contains the seed for its own destruction.
So we have to give credit to capitalism for lasting as long as it has.
However, that's like giving credit to cancer as a disease for lasting
for as long as it has.
Agreed on permanent integration and dialog, even constant evolution,
or agile-ism.
I wonder if unconditional communal sharing qualifies as a basic type
or subtype of relationship.

@_date: 2009-05-22 11:08:04
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thermo-economics -- Daily Kos 
This goes to prove that when you put out a meme out there it will create
some resonance, and gets picked up by others and others and others, like
throwing a stone in a pond. The pond already existed (the subject had
already been started in the 60s but was laying flat and no one was talking
about it) and all I did was to throw a tiny pebble in it.
I cam across it by searching for "economy" and "2nd law of thermodynamics"
to help people on Open Manufacturing understand that you can't create energy
from nowhere, you can't have perpetual motion, and that the job of a
currency should be about maximizing the flow of energy.
Memes spread. Even re-memes (memes about memes from the past) apparently

@_date: 2009-05-22 11:37:52
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog on Political Economy of P2P 
If capitalism is creative destruction, which I think is flawed overall even
if it applies in some aspect, then what do you call those who wish to
creatively destroy capitalism itself? In other words, capitalism will eat
itself if Schumpeter is right. But I think, while that will happen, creative
destruction is a far deeper and more fundamental phenomenon than

@_date: 2009-05-22 11:46:13
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Continuation of Money Flow Thread 
I've noticed that I can't cut messages down in size when I'm replying from a
tiny phone screen. It would take 5 actual minutes to select and scroll down
on a Blackberry.
But I believe the admins have relaxed the limit already since I stopped
getting bounces when replying to that long chain on money flow...
The logical limit should be what Google considers good length for a message
to show up close to the top of search results... as opposed to a limit
chosen based on personal choice be it our invdividual preference or the

@_date: 2009-05-22 11:53:12
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
It is possible that I never join the community (as in subscribe to its norms
and rules) but still be in communal relationship to it! Tha's the position
I've taken.
So when the community decides that they ban such a fiercely independent
individual then that is the community choice, not mine as I'm happy with an
unconditional form of communal sharing :)

@_date: 2009-05-22 11:58:39
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
I think you're right about relations between the four forms whether in TIMN
or Fiske's notation.
For example, what I want for myself is Communal Sharing WITHOUT Authority
Ranking, and rules and norms that are set by others represent a type of
Authority Ranking even if people who are actually "in charge" politically
speaking defer to the rules and norms rather than take ownership of them.
I'm not familiar with TIMN but I'll read up to familiarize.
Your answer supplies what I was missing.
Thank you.

@_date: 2009-05-22 12:00:10
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
No, and that's a very judgmental response Ryan.
See my response to David.

@_date: 2009-05-23 00:25:27
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
The herd does not need to bow to my will. The herd can filter at their own
Why should I bow to the herd's demands if they don't work for me? I can't
trim messages form my mobile phone and I want all replies in the same place
for ease of comprehension. If My brain works differently then I get kicked
out of the list? moderated out? I said I would agree to a logically
motivated limit (not arbitrary as teh 100K limit we have now) based on what
Google considers a normal length message.
You and Ryan playing judge, jury and executioner by moderating me out is
what is going on.
My trust in Michel and P2P Foundation will be removed if the decision is not
To Judge, Jury and Executioner who decided this: you have lost your moral
Enjoy YOUR list.
On Fri, May 22, 2009 at 11:22 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-05-23 00:42:20
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
I said and I say it again very clearly, the community does not have to
follow me. The community can set a filter within seconds to filter out my
messages per each person's discretion, not by top down filtering by the
Due process is a phrase. What is the actual intent: to gang up against
someone who does not want to agree to some arbitrary rule(s)?
If that's the intent, which it seems it is because you keep saying that I
want the community to follow my will which is absolutely not true and is
invalid: I have said the members of the community can filter what they don't
like, to avoid top down censorship which is what we have now.
Is the due process to address errors committed by both sides (the admins and
myself) or only to address errors committed by myself? Your tone seems to
indicate the latter, which is to say that the due process is just a funny
way of doing more wrong, not fixing the situation.
You are accusing me of trying to bend the community to my will, which I have
clearly stated to the opposite: I want the admins to stop acting like Cops
and power trip, with or without the community's encouragement.
So you tell me, what is the intent of the due process and is it applied to
correcting the error in judgment committed by the admins or only the error I
am being accused of by you and the admins?
Anyway, I see where this is going, and it is very funny to be witnessing the
unraveling of reason and the emergence of crowd behavior.

@_date: 2009-05-23 01:04:47
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
The community is defined by its actions which are directly those of its
As of now, it is a community that is supporting top down
So you tell me if the community is legitimate right now?
Deferring to a vote by the crowd on this issue does not make it right to me
personally because it is based on the Wisdom of Crowds which is null and
void in my view.
So you're right, you guys keep YOUR list.
Governance does not have to be this way.
Experiment concluded.
Enjoy YOUR community :)
I love happy endings.

@_date: 2009-05-23 01:26:56
@_author: marc fawzi 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
Great. Now personal insults.
I suggest you look up the definition of sociopath and you;ll find out you're
looking in the mirror
I suggested LOGIC as the basis of any rules not Arbitrariness.
Logic, not Crowd Rule. Not Top Down Rule. Just Logic: i.e. if Google hides
long messages, let's find out what is the ax length it treats as normal and
let's use that. Else, it is an arbitrary decision.
If you call sticking to logic over arbitrary decisions sociopathic, I
suggest you pursue higher education, or even college.
On Sat, May 23, 2009 at 1:17 AM, Kevin Carson <
