
@_date: 2008-08-13 17:20:26
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Knolicules 
good idea.
and if it's incredibly easy to do and of any value, it definitely will

@_date: 2008-08-24 10:48:10
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] good article on change dynamics in living 
The list below indeed is a good summary, essence, of Fritjof Capra's  The Hidden Connection (Dutch summary) and resonates with Stuart  Kaufmann's At Home In The Universe. Again in Dutch, I've compiled a  list of strategic growth questions distilled from Capra's work.
Furthermore, Dee Hock's approach to creating VISA is based on the  principles of emergent compex adaptive systems. Hock shared his  experiences in One from Many: VISA and the Rise of Chaordic  TMO, human systems only "diverge" from other living systems (that we  know of) by the fact that humans are capable of directing more free  energy into creating material things. A blackbird, say, can "only"  envision, architect, and create a nest and use its will to manifest a  relatively small amount of free energy. Humans on the other hand can  manifest things like cups, buildings, cars, computers, etc. Putting  their will to envision, architect, tinker and manifest larger, more  complex things. Things, right. Material stuff. To sum up Amit  Goswami's The Self-Aware Universe: Consciousnes Matters. Literally. It  is consciousness that collapses the wavicles into their particle  manifestation, which we identify with matter. Ooops, sorry, I'm  getting carried away now.
My passion and drive is to discover and capture the generative and  self-unfolding "serious game rules" that capture scale-free living  social systems that honour nature and the universe and catalyse the  emergence of a global social holarchy.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2008-08-24 10:56:51
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barriers to post-industrial transition 
tmo the greatest difficulty is letting your e-go. ;-) To quote Dee Hock:
Harbouring four beasts that inevitably devour their keepers:
trading ego for humility;
trading envy for equanimity;
trading avarice for time;
trading ambition for liberty.
To overcome the barrier, after we've let our e-go, is to discover (or  "design") the DNA that specifies the enzymes that in turn catalyze the  cellular processes on a human/social/global level of scale and enjoy  great stability and foster self-replication.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2008-08-24 11:22:03
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barriers to post-industrial transition 
btw, 500 words is exactly 10 mini sagas (see below). so what 10 topics  do you want to convey? list them and write a mini saga for each of  them. can be a mini-crowd-sourced effort. let's put the money where  our hearts are.
I hereby volunteer to take responsibility for one or two of them.
Succes en plezier,
Mini saga
A mini saga is a story told in exactly 50 words?not 49 or 51 but in  exactly 50 words.
Writing a mini saga expands your creativity. Constraints typically  expand creativity or induce flight. When you have to put everything in  50 words, you have to ?leave behind? a lot. That?s where the creative  juices start flowing.
Writing a mini saga stretches your thinking. What will you write  about? You have to think about topics that will fit in 50 words or  squeeze them to fit in 50 words. That puts thinking on overdrive mode.
Writing a mini saga enhances your discipline. Deciding what to write  about, deciding what to leave behind and putting it in 50 words  requires discipline throughout.
It may help you win a call for submission.

@_date: 2008-08-24 11:54:58
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barriers to post-industrial transition 
Hi Michel,
I am confused now, as Vasilis already wrote something up and submitted  As for future opportunities, I'd start it on ning/this list and work  out on the Wiki (using talk pages for, yes, talk). Use mailing list  and ning for announcements, invitations, progress bites, etc.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2008-08-24 12:04:20
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barriers to post-industrial transition 
NO NO! I'm happy as it is. I only was enthused by the idea. And I'm  developing a passion for mini sagas and pecha kuchas. New chances will  Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2008-07-20 10:40:36
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fyi: interview in Rome, 
In your in box as per separate email.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-02-12 08:40:53
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bitcoin open source implementation of P2P 
Very interesting. Is this akin to David Chaum's anonymous digital  money? His concept makes sure money is anonymous unless it is  compromised, i.e. the same money spent more than once. As soon as it's  compromised, the ?counterfeiter? is immediately publicly exposed.
Also, in bitcoin, is there a limited supply of money (that must be  managed)? Or is money created exaclty at the moment of transaction?
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-02-12 21:01:03
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bitcoin open source implementation of P2P 
Thanks for clearing this up.
Yes, that's really great. Reminds me of:
AardRock ? Wizard Rabbit Treasurer; and
AardRock ? Pekunio
Would love to also see support for not having to supply and managing  money. Would make it easier and cheaper to maintain and results in  have sufficient money, always and everywhere. No scarcity, no  abundance, exactly the right amount all times, self-organizing.
Are you familiar with Ripple?
Is bitcoin also available as a protocol spec (facilitating differen  language bindings and implementations; unite on specs, compete on  Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-02-16 18:56:02
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance and scarcity in second life: market 
Measuring energy to store, transport and compute data/information/ wisdom sounds very much like conscious computing as exemplified by:
AardRock ? Wizard Rabbit Treasurer
If we can ?socialize? this way of working and specify and implement  the appropriate protocols, then we're well on our way if you ask me.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-06-01 10:51:00
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Hi Dmytri,
Following your path from Henry George, I came to understand my  Confusingly, rent has two different meanings for economists. The first  is the commonplace definition: the INCOME from hiring out LAND or  other durable goods. The second, also known as economic rent, is a  measure of MARKET POWER: the difference between what a FACTOR OF  PRODUCTION is paid and how much it would need to be paid to remain in  its current use. A soccer star may be paid $50,000 a week to play for  his team when he would be willing to turn out for only $10,000, so his  economic rent is $40,000 a week. In PERFECT COMPETITION, there are no  economic rents, as new FIRMS enter a market and compete until PRICES  fall and all rent is eliminated. Reducing rent does not change  production decisions, so economic rent can be taxed without any  adverse impact on the real economy, assuming that it really is rent.
The only definition I used was:
Renting, a system of payment for the temporary (time factor) use of  something owned by someone else; the payments for such use are  typically referred to as "rent".
So, your remark cleared things up considerably. Thank you for that.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-03-13 09:17:41
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 24 p2presearch moderator request(s) waiting 
Hi Michael,
Solution: create a new list, with a new name and bring all existing  members over to that new list.
Remove any and all references to the new list from all webpages.
Gets rid of spam. Might avoid future spam.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-03-13 17:37:50
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 24 p2presearch moderator request(s) waiting 
this is indeed another good solution. i'm using MailMan too, and the  list can be congifured so that only subscribers can post to the list.  you can also ban spammers from ever subscribing or sending to thelist.

@_date: 2009-03-16 08:38:37
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 24 p2presearch moderator request(s) waiting 
Hi Michael,
In MailMan ? Privacy Options ? Subscription rules:
Set ?Advertise this list when people ask what lists are on this  machine?? to ?No?.
Set ?What steps are required for subscription?? to ?Confirm and  Set ?Who can view subscription list?? to ?List admin only?.
Set ?Show member addresses so they're not directly recognizable as  email addresses?? to ?Yes?.
In MailMan ? Privacy Options ? Sender filters:
Set ?By default, should new list member postings be moderated?? to  Set ?Action to take when a moderated member posts to the list.? to  Set ?Action to take for postings from non-members for which no  explicit action is defined.? to ?Reject? (or ?Discard?).
So this requires explicit membership before one can post messages. All  other messages are simply rejected or discarded). Also, the members'  email addresses are only visible to the list admin, avoiding  collection by bots for spamming.
Hope this helps.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-03-17 16:45:20
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Could a liquidity scheme be a brake on 
Personally, I prefer the term ?flow money? over ?demurrage?,  ?liquidity tax? or ?negative interest?. Technically it is a negative  interest. However, ?flow money? denotes the effect and impact this  negative interest has: it makes money flow. You tend to spend money  early and often when there is a small percentage of your debet flowing  into a commons fund. You better spend it now so you can enjoy its full  purchasing potential, rather than later when it has diminished.
If someone has an sound project proposal, chances are great that it  gets pre-financed! Just open a bank account specifically for this  project, and money will start flowing in from believers in the  proposal (if no money flows, the proposal or marketing or both  probably need work). They rather have it bear fruit there, than have  in trickle away from their accounts. The project owner in turn will do  her best to quickly get the human and material resources to realize  the project, as she enjoys the same trigger.
And since flow money is a technically a negative interest, it dons  your ?far-sighted glasses?, making you focus on the long-term and  sustainability rather than short-term profit, since flow money  reverses the discounted cashflow (Net Present Value). Discounted Cash  Flow = Discounting the Future.
Compare these to graphs (from Lietaer's The Future of Money). First is  current view by financial analist, with positive compound interest.  Second graph is monetary system with ?flow money? in place.
The only other this we need to change is to make money always exactly  sufficiently available, just like centimeters or inches. I.e. remove  the ?saving? or ?collectible? property from the monetary system by  creating the money at the moment of transaction (i.e. not by fiat- money created by banks).
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-25 13:10:41
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Hi Ryan,
Still doesn't work. I've changed my subcription address back to the  one I'm using now. Tried to cut down on spam by creating unique  receiver addresses on mailing lists and like this. Didn't work :-(
Typed in an elaborate response to yours the other day. Lost it  completely by a Select-All & Paste action that replaced it by just 4  lines from the paste buffer, and then sent it off to the p2p list.  Poof. Gone in a cloud of orange smoke.
So, here I go again.
First of all, I've read the other replies as well, but prefer to  answer Ryan's first. May reply to those of others as well, but later.
So true. A healthy system should be in dynamic balance, driven by a  creative tensions that pull it into the chaotic as well as the ordered  direction, but when wandering off too far, it gets pulled back to the  dynamic balance.
Yes, that is one of the most useful traits of money: it abstracts  trade from time and space. That is, you don't have to trade 3 chickens  for a ham at the exact time and place, you can sell your chicks and  buy something else from someone else at some place and some time.  Let's keep that trait.
At the same time, let's design a system that removes the feature that  one can own money. Why? Because then no one can hoard it and as a  result we don't need any expensive uncontrollable constructs to keep  money flowing.
Money then simply becomes a distributed (p2p) reputation system. Money  then represents the effort (or energy) you have put into delivering a  product or service.
So true. A bottle of water at noon when you're all alone in the desert  is probably much more valuable than the same bottle sitting on the  shelf with 500 others in the supermarket around the corner.
So the value of something is (extremely) context dependent. Another  example would be some ointment treatment, for pigs, say. You can buy  it by the barrel, for just ?10/kg. The identical ointment can be used  to treat the rash on your baby's skin, yet a 50g tube sells for ?10 at  your local drugstore. A 20-fold increase in price (?200/kg) , but  you're happy to buy it, since it's for your newborn child.
Every time you buy something you either implicitly or explicitly  evaluate its price, checking if you are able and willing to pay the  price for the value delivered.
You can always compare two similar, yet distinctive, offerings. You  can always feel and rationalize which one is ?closer to you?,  resonates more with you. Even, or in particular, for very subjective  thing like a painting or music this is true. You can always personally  value these offerings: are you willing and able to pay the price to  obtain this product or service. That is, are you willing and able to  deliver a contribution to the community at large at some time in the  future that matches (compensates) your receiving this product/value  now. In other words, can you afford this? Can you repay this over time  (or have you maybe already done so in the past)?
This begs the question of how much an hour of effort (energy) is worth  and if a difference between one hour from the janitor or the  orthodontist can be justified. If one hour from tha janitor is worth  ?10, say, then is ?60 for the orthodontist justified? Is there a fair  or human maximum to the ratio between two valuations? That is, while  the janitor makes something between ?15k and ?20k annually, the CEO of  the bank he works for makes ?1M annually. Can this 50x be justified?
To my opinion, differences in hourly valuation can be justified and  should be limited.
All this implies that marktplaces still will work. People will still  compete to deliver an excellent price/value. They will strive to  excell in what they do, honing their talents and living their  passions. In our current monetary system, people have become slaves.  Are you working for the money, or is the money working for you? Many  are compelled to work and do things that do not match their talents  and passions, just to pay the bill. A unprecedented form of global  slavery. Yet, we all seem eager to keep playing this game, designed by  a set of smart, yet unwise, economists.
Is this true? Can you be absolutely sure that this (centralized plan)  is true?
How does Google's PageRank work? And what about Ebay's solution to the  prisoner's dilemma? Is reputation measured by a centralized plan?  Well, centralized implementation maybe, but not a centralized  judgement. There is a set of centralized game rules that players must  follow in order to play at all. These game rules foster decentralized,  autonomous behaviour and implement, tmo, a distributed reputation  system (although centrally hosted).
In the Google and Ebay and many other systems, the scales or  centimeters emerge from actual use and behaviour, and it satifies  point A above.
Ah well, this is were it gets interesting, at least to me.
How about this: suppose money is created exactly at the time and place  of the transaction.
If you go to the dentist for a root canal treatment, and the dentist  charges you ?50, say, your account gets debeted and the dentist  credited. The money is created at exactly that time and place. A  measurement system of mutual credit. (Love to see the digital  infrastruncture that supports this in a true peer-to-peer fashion, as  opposed to centralized).
This way, you will always have the exact amount of money, no more, no  less. No scarcity, and no abundance of money. Just like centimeters.
Zero sum, yes. That is the monetary system itself is zero sum, but  open your eyes and observe that each and every transaction actually  creates something of value for someone else, or there would be no  transaction in the first place. If you take everything into account,  it is definitely non-zero sum. It is a world of creation, creativity,  unfolding, embellishing.
Using money to reward something of value creates two opposing streams.  The product or service flows in one direction, the money in the other.  It is akin to the current in an electrical system: electrons and  ?holes? also flow in opposite directions. One also designs and build  an electrical system so that its currents and temporal storage of  electrons (capacitor, battery) most effectively and elegantly support  the goals of that system, e.g. amplifying audio signals a thousandfold  with negligible distortion.
With our current technological digital infrastructure (a.k.a. the  internet), it is almost trivial to implement. In fact, our current  banking systems already provide the secure infrastructure to make this  a reality. It is not a matter of technical issues, it is a political  issue. It is an issue of willpower, guts and leadership.
Of course, you still need to move within the limits of your dynamic  trustwidth, your growing benefit of the doubt. Every time your  contribution to the communities that you're in matches the value you  received from the community?you are in balance when you touch zero? your trustwidth increases, while decreasing over a period of inactivity.
No more need for hierarchically centralized banks. No more need for  overpaid officers to regulate and administer the delicate balance of  the amount of money needed, or the interest rate. Just like you don't  need expensive superfluous institutions to regulate the amount of  centimers in the world, let alone interest on centimeters.
This turning the dials and gauges of the money amount and interest is  an extremely delicate process indeed. Consider two mobile phones in  the same room, one calling the other. Make the connection and put them  both on loudspeaker. Now slowly move them closer to each other, the  microphone of one juxtaposed to the speaker of the other. At some  point you will start hearing an echo, and a high pitched tone as a  result from the self-reinforcing feedback loop just created. The echo  is due to the delay of signals through the phone system.
Now, move the phones closer, and the sounds almost become unbearable.  Move them farther away from each other, and the sound fades away.  There is a subtle, fragile area somewhere in the middle where you can  delicately control the volume of the sound. But it is a small and  sensitive range indeed. Now imagine we have zillions of these kind of  feedback loops with unpredictable delays and amplification, and you  are out of control. Simply because they are only self-reinforcing  feedback loops. There is no dampening, no immune system. Our current  scarcity-based compound positive interest money systems works  likewise. And you and me and our planet are paying the price.
As a reference, I invite you to read Places to Intervene in a System  from Donella Meadows. We need a new paradigm, new goals, and a set of  matching self-organising, self-healing ?game? rules that facilitate  and catalyse it, and in that order. A system that minimizes the need  to turn dials and toggle buttons.
I challenge the P2P Foundation (and myself, of course) able to come up  with just these things.
I agree that perpetual motion machines will not work. However, the  monetary system is just part of a larger whole. If you limit your view  to just the monetary system, your view is, well, limited. The monetary  system should act like oil or water. It lubricates trade and makes the  energy flow to create (non-financial) wealth for human kind as well as  for the planet as a whole.
The infinity is not in the earnings or consumption. These kind of  systems will eventually self-destruct, commit suicide. The inifinity  is in the diversity, variation, creativity, (non-financial) wealth, as  it unfolds and embellishes itself into pure self-expression. Ever  increasing layers of s-curve-like unfoldings.
Hmmm... complex adaptive systems can be designed so that they foster  dynamic balances between supply and demand with an exalted society and  prosperous nature as spin-off. Let's design and adopt systems that  support this, and omit some design failures from the past.
The outlined system of mutual credit still supports personal  evaluation and decision-making, as explained above.
Money comes from our mind in the first place. We wrote the game rules.  We can change them.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-25 13:32:41
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
There is no need to ?fix? them. Just let the market decide. Everyone  will their own valuation of labor, skills, raw materials, etc.
Seems to me this is only true in our current monetary system. You are  required, compelled even, to make a profit since you must not only be  able to pay for the materials and labour, but also for the interest! A  lot of this interest is ?hidden? in the inputs for your production  process, since the suppliers of those input also include the interest  they pay into their products and services. This ?hidden? interest  often ranges in the 20% to 40%.
When you ask for a mortgage for your house of ?100k, you will actually  pay ?200k for that house in a period of 30 years against 3% interest.  The bank does not check your creditworthiness. Instead, the bank  checks your capability to ?steal? this extra ?100k from others in  those 20 years.
Also note that your house does not increase in value, but that your  money decreases in value.
Since compound positive interest follows an exponential curve, it will  eventually inflate everything to unimaginable levels, as we are  experiencing right now. Pumping more money into the system only makes  it worse. Due to the long delays in the myriad of feedback loops, we  only notice this when it is too late.
The Internet facilitates a global marketplace for matching supply and  demand (Ebay being a good example). Production still can be  So true. But be sure to take the whole system into account.
It is exactly this fact that causes labour to flee to low wage  countries: the wages do not take the whole system into account,  tipping the system into unbalance, beyond its limits.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-25 13:41:53
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I've skimmed through this material, and I simply did not find the time  to read and digest it. It does have my serious interest, though. If I  can only find the time...
It may also be the case that is is indeed to hard to grasp. Perhaps  drip-feed it, or convert it into a pattern language?
I find myself resisteng the word ?growth?, since it seems to be the  cure for everything. Yet, unlimited (exponential) growth is self- destructive. Although a baby grows into an adult, there is an  asymptotic limit. Most, if not all, healthy growth follows an s-curve.  I prefer the term development or unfolding over growth for the time  Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-25 14:30:28
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
A good example of rapid feedback loops (w/o too much delay) that aid  healthy systems.
Yes. And we should also design systems that prevent them from  emergence in the first place.
So to the point. A (monetary) system has a very strong organizing  effect. So, use with care. One should bare this in mind when designing  systems. Characteristics like bonuses, interest, flow money, scarcity,  buffers, feedbak loops all help organize a system and its users as a  whole. Organizing means bringing order to chaos. Care must be taken  that the system does not over-overganize (i.e. focuses on efficiency  only). Same applies to under-organization, or chaos.
See (esp. page 15 and further) of Lietaer's White Paper on all the "Options for Managing Systemic Banking Crises",  and their economic consequences. It also provides the theoretical  justification for the recommended strategy (560 Kb). Please, click  here to dowload.
Or, better tmo, design and implement a system (of game rules) that  EDUCEs the right behaviour.
 >>>
educe \eh-duse\ A marvelous word seldom used or practiced, meaning "to  bring or draw forward something already present in a latent, or  undeveloped form." It can be contrasted with induce, too often used  and practiced, meaning "to prevail upon; move by persuasion or  influence?to impel, incite, or urge."
One of Dee Hock's principles for Visa.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-26 12:50:46
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Thank you.
right. just like centimeters and inches don't have ownership. it is  useless and senseless to own centimeters (unless you manufacture them,  of course).
why not? everything can be pilitically instituted. this too. it's a  matter of will.
or by national (or european) support and programs.
any organization (like an Inc.) is fully free to implement and use  whatever internal household system they please, as long as they adhere  to the local laws and regulations of the country they are in. large  organizations like Microsoft, Oracle, GM, etc, have a complete  intricate internal financial/economical system. it even makes sense  for them to include non-core services in their company, as it will  save them interest (at least 20% of every euro).
same applies to a country: they can use whatever monetary system  pleases them, as long as they adhere and interface to the countries  they do business with and to the next higher level laws and regulations.
just like the WIR in Switserland.
right. leading by example. if The Netherlands, say, would adopt a free  money system?based on mutual credit and flow money, and where money is  created at the moment of transaction?while still adhering to European  and international law, and other countries see our abundance of  wealth, prosperity and happiness, and the fact that we will probably  far exceed our internationally agreed goals, they will be eager to  adopt some or all of it. see monkey do monkey. it may well become a  lucrative export product :-)
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-26 13:13:11
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
hmm? not sure. i understand that things at Gent are moving slowly and  steadily. still needs a lot of education, awareness, training, etc. we  might play the Serious Gek Geld Spel (Serious Funny Money Game) that  takes its participants through the emotions and behaviour of two  monetary systems (slave money (the one we have now), and free money).  tell them and they will forget. show them and they will remember.  involve them and they will understand.
btw, i'm working with Lietaer and netwerk vlaanderen on a Dutch spoken  website on monetary topics.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-27 16:18:03
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
First of all, apologies for the elaborate reply.
You're right. Money happens. Simply because it is so practical. I  doubt that it is a spontaneous self-ordering ecosystem. If money  happens, then what monetary systems do we have in our body? And which  of them have traits similar to our current monetary system? Cancer- like systems always self-destroy, by nature, by definition. An  uncontrolled chain reaction just burns up the host. And we're burning  up our planet likewise.
We humans have thought up the rules of monetary systems (without  sufficiently biomimicry-ing nature). Someone (a gold smith?) once came  up with the thought that compound positive interest was a good idea  and implemented it. And giving out more money than could be covered  was another idea that has been implemented.
It now becomes apparent, and to a growing number of people, that our  current monetary system does not serve us all too well. So, collect  some smart and wise people (ecosophists), use a set of creativity  techniques, an excellent facilitator, and innovate our monetary system  for the better.
There is more than one way to design a system. The system should match  its zeitgeist and culture. Remember Conway's Law: organization and the  architecture (system design) of the product are isomorphic. Therefore,  make sure the organization is compatible with the product  architecture. Our organization is global now. Yet, we also need things  on smaller scales (holarchic). So we need a scale-free system design.
The dozen currencies that sprung up over the past centuries all had a  practical sparkle indeed. Too bad that the system with cancer built in  has won so far. We might as well have opted for the Egyptian Giro  systems that date back at least to Ptolemaic Egypt in the 4th century  BC. State granary deposits functioned as an early banking system, in  which giro payments were accepted, with a central bank in Alexandria.  Giro was a common method of money transfer in early banking. Look at  the heritage the Egyptians left us. The pyramids still ?make money?.  The Egyptians in that time had a good, abundant, and exalted lif, and  they expressed it in great long-term cultural heritage.
In this context, allow me to quote governor Mervyn King, Governor of  Bank of England, from a lecture in 1999:
?Is it possible that advances in technology will mean that (...) the  world may come to resemble a pure exchange economy? Electronic  transactions in real time hold out that possibility. There is no  reason, in principle, why final settlements could not be carried out  by the private sector without the need for clearing through the  central bank. (...) [T]here is no conceptual obstacle to the idea that  two individuals engaged in a transaction could settle by a transfer of  wealth from one electronic account to another in real time. (...) The  same system could match demands and supplies of financial assets,  determine prices and make settlements. Financial assets and real goods  and services would be priced in terms of a unit of account. Final  settlement could be made without any recourse to the central bank. (...) Without such a role in settlements, central banks, in their  present form, would no longer exist; nor would money.?
Oh, how peer-to-peer. I'll share his complete speech in a separate  On spontaneous self-ordering: Self-organization ?happens? or emerges  due to a (relatively small) number of smart and simple rules. These  rules comprise the potential emergence of a system.
Consider a flock of birds, unordered, chaotic. Now, have each of the  birds adopt three simple rules:
Cohesion: Move towards other nearby birds, unless the other is too  Alignment: Fly in the same general direction as your neighbours, give  or take a some degrees in any direction.
Separation: Keep approximately the length of one bird disctance to  your neigbours, so not to bump into them.
These rules will make them flock, and a swarm will emerge. Think about  how the swarm will behave if you remove one of the rules. Think about  how the swarm will behave if you add a rule like: Lazyness: Try not to  fly at the head of the swarm.
Dee Hock puts it succinctly:
?Simple, clear purpose and principles give rise to complex,  intelligent behavior.
Complex rules and regulations give rise to simple, stupid behavior.?
? Dee Hock, VISA
We humans have the creativity and power to invent, design, and  implement rules. We constantly do so. Many of them end up in laws and  contracts. Even de peer-to-peer principles can be viewed as such.
What are the new rules for the new economy? (And, before that, what is  our paradigm and what are our goals that those rules ought to  Try and ?think roundabout?. On normal crossings you have to give way  to cars coming from the right (or left, depending on your country).  It's the law. On a roundabout you suddenly have to give way to cars  coming from the left! Takes a while to get used to when first  encountered. A simple rule change with a profound positive effect:  completely self-organizing, less accidents, and near-zero maintenance  (very cost-effective).
 From a systemic point of view: every system has its limits beyond  which the system does not function properly. Open all doors and  windows in mid-winter, and your heating system is not able to cope,  might even burn-out.
Well, would you be willing to adopt it? I certainly would, since it  will make the rich richer, and the poor rich. Richer, wealthier, in  the non-financial sense of the word.
If everyone is wealthy and we have found ways to repair Earth (we  excell in the art of cradle to cradle), then even for the already  wealthy their world has become wealthier. A lot less crime and war, no  poverty, less (or no) theft, abundance of nature, culture, etc.
What would we lose if we'd switch (or migrate) to such a system?
We need to transcend and include our malfunctioning current system.
I'd like to have systems that require minimal gardening, i.e. that are  self-gardening. Nature is a good example.
Yes. Would you? Why?
Good question. They can enable their children to grow their trustwidth  in their parenting period by transferring from their to their  children's account. They can also (gradually) transfer ownership of  real estate or other valuables to their kids.
In a good brainstorming process we can even come up with a lot more  ways to do this.
Also, we need to ask ourselves the question why we would want this in  the first place. What is the need? What do we lose if we cannot. From  an end-game perspective, the need for this may even be obliviated.  Since there can be no more money-hoarding, it simply does not make  sense anymore.
Why do kids deserve such an (unfair?) privilege over other kids?  Shouldn't they also demonstrate their willingness and ability to be a  good citizen? If they are as good as their parents, they'll be able to  achieve similar levels of trust.
I admit, this area definitely needs work. So, let's get get  crackin' (preferrably on a seperate thread).
There is no need to hold wealth for emergencies, since if we keep the  feet of our neighbours dry when they have a bad time, they will return  the favor.
Also, clever ways to design flow money, the small percentage (of your  saldo or trustwidth) that trickles away into a holarchy of community  funds, can potentially replace the tax and insurance system as we know  it, and enable us to do the things that we as a community can but as  an individual cannot do. Precisely where these systems are designed  for in the first place. Something we also tend to forget very often.
Tax translated to Dutch is ?belasting?, translated back to English  meaning  ?burdening?. But tax effectively alleviates the burden to  build (rail)roads, police, medical care, etc. May I suggest to use the  word ?verlichting? (enlightenment) instead? Since that is what it  effectivly does.
Probably. But if you want to buy a painting from Picasso, you must  have the trustwidth to do so. The trustwidth reflects your life-long  good citizenship until now. If you can afford a Picasso painting,  you've probably, no, provably, contributed quite a lot to the  community. Please note that community is a scale-free connotation  here; it scales from small communities to villages to regios to  counties to countries to continents to our planet.
What do you exactly mean by personal security?
That's almost a philisophical question. One of Dee Hock's principles  is to educe rather than compel, and I, for one, am a strong supporter  of this principle. Then again, if a community drafts a number of  overarching values and founding principles, it is expected that  everyone in the community adheres to them and is expected to keep each  other sharp in this respect. These principles are, in fact, a number  of rules, and rules help a system emerge and organizes (or orders) the  community. As such, they also compel behaviour.
New entrants in the community (immigrants) are compelled to adopt the  community's culture and values and principles and laws and regulations  or perish. This although I dislike the word and meaning of compel.
On the other hand, when a potential immigrant tends to migrate to  another country and culture, it is a conscious decision and as such  educes certain behavior from the immigrant. The immigrant will  evaluate the different cultures to choose from and pick the one that  resonates the most.
Note that values shape principles, principles shape constitution and  constitution shapes law and regulation, and in that order.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-27 16:23:39
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mervyn King on the (non-)future of central banks 
A plea for a fully digital giral distributed monetary infrastructure.
As promised a copy of the 1999 speech of Mervyn King,  Governor of the  bank of England on:
The future of central banks
Despite some ups and downs, central banks are ending this century well  ahead of where they started it. There are more of them, and they have  greater power and influence. But is this the peak? Will future  historians look back on central banks as a phenomenon largely of the  twentieth century? Although central banks have matured, they not yet  reached old age. There remains much to be done.
The case for price stability, and the role of central bank  independence in achieving it, needs to be made to a wide audience. We  must build a constituency for low inflation, without having to resort  to episodes of high inflation to prove that instability is costly. To  that end, communication has become more important ? central banks have  moved from mystery and mystique to transparency and openness. The  language of central banking must evolve to reflect the need to  maintain broader support for the objective of stability and the  legitimacy of independent central banks in pursuing it.
Looking further ahead, the future of central banks is not entirely  secure. Their numbers may decline over the next century. The  enthusiasm of governments for national currencies has waned as capital  flows have become liberalised and exchange rates more volatile.  Following the example of the European Central Bank, more regional  monetary unions could emerge. Short of this, the creation of currency  boards, or even complete currency substitution, might also reduce the  number of independent national monetary authorities.
But much more important is the potential impact of technological  innovation. At present, central banks are the monopoly supplier of  base money ? cash and bank reserves. Because base money is the  ultimate medium of exchange and of final settlement, central banks  have enormous leverage over the value of transactions in the economy,  even though the size of their balance sheet is very small in relation  to those of the private sector.
For years, economists have had difficulty in incorporating money into  rigorous general equilibrium models. To the elegance of the Walrasian  model of an exchange economy has been bolted on an assumption about  the technology of making payments such as a ?cash in advance?  constraint. These untidy ways of introducing money into economic  models are not robust to changes in institutions and technology. Is it  possible that advances in technology will mean that the arbitrary  assumptions necessary to introduce money into rigorous theoretical  models will become redundant, and that the world may come to resemble  a pure exchange economy?
Electronic transactions in real time hold out that possibility. There  is no reason, in principle, why final settlements could not be carried  out by the private sector without the need for clearing through the  central bank. The practical implementation of such a system would  require much greater computing power than is at present available. But  there is no conceptual obstacle to the idea that two individuals  engaged in a transaction could settle by a transfer of wealth from one  electronic account to another in real time.
Pre-agreed algorithms would determine which financial assets were sold  by the purchaser of the good or service according to the value of the  transaction. And the supplier of that good or service would know that  incoming funds would be allocated to the appropriate combination of  assets as prescribed by another pre-agreed algorithm. Eligible assets  would be any financial assets for which there were market-clearing  prices in real time. The same system could match demands and supplies  of financial assets, determine prices and make settlements.
Financial assets and real goods and services would be priced in terms  of a unit of account. The choice of a unit of account (perhaps a  commodity standard, which would produce broad stability in the price  level) would be a matter for public choice and regulation, along the  lines of existing weights and measures inspectors. Final settlement  could be made without any recourse to the central bank. As Henckel et  al. (1999) have noted, the key to a central bank?s ability to  implement monetary policy is that it ?remains, by law or regulation,  the only entity which is allowed to ?corner? the market for settlement  Without such a role in settlements, central banks, in their present  form, would no longer exist; nor would money. Economies of this kind  have been discussed by Black (1970), Fama (1980) and Hall (1983). The  need to limit excessive money creation would be replaced by a concern  to ensure the integrity of the computer systems used for settlement  purposes. A regulatory body to monitor such systems would be required.  Existing regulators, including central banks, would no doubt compete  for that responsibility. Moreover, in just the same way as the  Internet is unaware of national boundaries, settlement facilities  would become international.
The key to any such developments is the ability of computers to  communicate in real time to permit instantaneous verification of the  credit worthiness of counterparties, thereby enabling private sector  real time gross settlement to occur with finality. Any securities for  which electronic markets exist could be used as part of the settlement  process. There would be no unique role for base money, and hence the  central bank monopoly of base money issue would have no value. Central  banks would lose their ability to implement monetary policy. The  successors to Bill Gates would have put the successors to Alan  Greenspan out of business.
As a central banker interested in information technology, should I  regard this prospect as a dream or a nightmare? Perhaps the answer is  that central bankers should enjoy life today. I shall place my faith  in the words of Walter Bagehot who, in Lombard Street (1873), wrote  that ?Nothing would persuade the English people to abolish the Bank of  England; and if some calamity swept it away, generations must elapse  before at all the same trust would be placed in any other equivalent.?
Central banks may be at the peak of their power. There may well be  fewer central banks in the future, and their extinction cannot be  ruled out. Societies have managed without central banks in the past.  They may well do so again in the future. The website of my favourite  football team has the banner ?heroes and villains?. For some, central  bankers are heroes ? more powerful and responsible than political  leaders ? and for others they are villains ? too fanatical to be  entrusted with the world economy. For all our sakes, it is important  that central bankers are seen neither as heroes nor villains. They  should be modest technicians, striving to improve the way they use the  tools of their trade, and always eager to learn. Openness of mind and  fleetness of foot will be the best way to avoid extinction.

@_date: 2009-05-27 16:46:00
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Please be more specific. I agree that our current money system is  imposed by state violence, and the state, in turn, by a small number  of foxy businessmen.
I find the distinction between ?money? and ?money system? crucial in  these kind of conversations. Money is not bad, it's the system  designed for it that is (or isn't).
People like Gessel (Free Money or Vrijgeld in Dutch) en Keynes (ICU/ Bancor) already proposed and designed better monetary systems, but  they we silently of violently killed in the process.
We get another opportunity to move swift and cunning and seed the  world with viable alternatives. Let's move on.
As for hoarding, there are monetary systems that simply do not know  the concept of hoarding. Hoarding is simply not possible. The system  can only be used for payments, for measuring value, just like  Our current monetary system has two principal functions: 1) a means to  pay; and 2) a means to save.
The ability to save money in combination with compound positive  interest is what's killing it (and us and our planet).
Remove the saving function, and hoarding simply becomes impossible and  the focus, and therefore our behaviour, redirects to balance ?import?  and ?export?, to balance want we consume and what we produce (or value  we create).
Flip the interest sign from plus to minus (flow money), and we  suddenly focus on long-term and sustainability instead of short-term  profits at the cost of others and scarce planetary resources.
Anyone skilled on programming NetLogo? We can create a number of  stunning and eye-opening simulations that prove these claims.
Nice. Thanks!
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-27 16:52:42
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Fully agree with you, provided you are talking about a money system  that supports the saving function.
Please also see my previous email.
Right! ?Flow money?, or ?stroomgeld? in Dutch, or ?demurrage? in  French. A.k.a. as liquidity tax, but I dislike the word.
Please continue to contribute in anyway you like.
I tend to be very definite, but I know nothing for sure. So each and  every rebuttal that does not kill it, makes it stronger.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-27 17:25:58
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I must disagree. I had two loadspeakers on the shelve for a couple of  years, did not use them. Gave them to my son the other year, but the  rubber rim of both woofers pulverized on first use.
Similar speakers, used daily, have been working for more than 20 years  So, it depends. Some stuff that is not used decays quicker than when  it's used. Even a car shows these kind of symptoms.
In fact, everything decays over time, whether used or not. It's called  entropy. Note the ?thing? in ?everything?. A thing is  (in)formed: some ordering process caused its form to emerge. Left  alone, it will gradually deform, turn back into chaos (or pure  energy). Stuff, material, is ?slowed down energy?, according to  quantum physicists.
If I understand you correctly, the point is that sometimes the lender  needs things back in a timely manner. Well, negociate and agree on the  time period and perhaps a fair price for use. Perhaps we should not  call this interest. It's just pay for use. E.g. it sounds fair to me  to pay a certain percentage of price of an object for each day that I  use it. Rent.
It's the exponential aspect of compound positive interest that kills  the system. An annual interest of 3% doubles the amount in 20 years.
See  and Striking that the Interest entry in wikipedia does not show an  claryfying exponential curve...
True. But everyone can simply pay for borrowing the goods, right? And  they can make formal agreements for returning the good. Pay upfront,  pay later, pay over time, malus, bonus, what have you. But no compund  positive interest, please!
Right. Yet this doesn't have to be compound positive interest, now  does it? Simple rent would do. Perhaps with an extra bonus when  brought back before or on the deadline (rather than a penalty when  returned too late). You can also agree that you pay for the full thing  up front and repay the difference on return). A myriad of elegant  solutions pop up.
True. It is a characteristic of a money system. One of the dials one  can turn to influence the flow of money through the system.
I do not see this. Please elaborate. Or prove that a system without  compound positive interest will fail.
It's about time we put some thought and work to that, then.
Can you discriminate between one hour of a dentist and one hour of a  janitor? Is there a relative difference in valuation?
Just like we agreed that one meter as the distance travelled by light  in free space in 1?299,792,458 of a second, we can agree that one  hour of a janitor equals a value of 100 (whatever unit we like to use;  Gessel, say :-).
Then, we can relate all other valuations against that standard.
I still remember the standardization around computing power. It used  to be that 1 MIPS (Million Instructions Per Second) VAX MIPS, where  computers were measured on a task and their performance rated against  the VAX 11/780 that was marketed as a "1 MIPS" machine.
So, what is our VAX 11/780 equivalent of one hour of human labour?
Yes. Contribute what you want, when you want it. If it gives you a  happy live, enjoy it. If you want more, create more industry, get  busier, generate more turnover and touch zero more often to increase  your trustwidth.
Right. So we need to design simple and smart rules into the system  that educes the right behaviour.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-27 17:33:50
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Hi Ryan,
Prepare for a bloody battle, one way or the other. Unless a few  enlightened leaders have the guts and power and diplomacy and humanism  to pull it off (Obama? others?).
Or, better still, someone somewher just unleashes some viral software  or service exemplifying the traits we discuss on the web that catches  on like wildfire; just like the phone, radio, tv, fax, internet,  email, the web, blogs/rss, wiki, twitter, what's next...
We need to include and transcend. Not throw the baby away with the  To the benefit of all. With the least amount of destruction, and  triage when needed.
Financial engineering, yes. Economy as a science? Not quite yet. New  Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-27 21:11:11
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Hi Ryan,
I never said or maybe hinted that it would be democratic. If I did, or  created the perception, please forgive me. That said, I also do not  say that is will not happen in a democratic way. In fact, I have no  idea how it will happen, but it will, and I will live to witness it  (and hopefully contribute to it in one way or another).
Would love to see it happen in a holocratic way. For me, holocracy ==  sociocracy + agilism.
Yes! Fully agree. That is why we need simulations and smaller scale  experiments. And mathematicians and complexity experts and ecosophists  and biologists, to name a few. Perhaps a new country with a population  of one million or so, to be run as a open source lab. The pearls (just  like the patterns in a pattern language) cultivated there can be  picked up by others at will, as soon as they see and feel fit. That  they may be educed.
It's also the reason that I've developed and evolved de Serious Funny  Money Game, since experiencing, feeling and observing different  systems is so eye-opening. Playing it on all levels in the power  pyramid will create awareness and makes people ponder. The majority of  people is still unaware, unknowing.
Perhaps we, as a p2p foundation, can find proof in nature (external  evidence) for the things you are looking for en mimic that.
To quote  Donella H. Meadows: ?Systems folks would say one way to  change a paradigm is to model a system, which takes you outside the  system and forces you to see it whole. We say that because our own  paradigms have been changed that way.?
We agree to disagree here. Fine with me. Time will tell. Wanna bet?
Nope. To the holacratic. Revolution may be needed, but is definitely  not my preference.
Holacracy gives the option to pick whatever ?cracy?, depending on  situation: democracy, autocracy, sociocracy, adhocracy. Pick the cracy  best suited for the situation.
Hmmm... anti-democratic not perhaps, but revolutionary? I see no  problem with that. It doesn't imply violence per s?. To me, it just  more radical.
Again, I'm not anti-demcratic or revolutionary or anti-revolutionary.  I am pro heal the Earth.
Some things do need hard decision and bring on collateral damage.  Triage goals to minimize that, but it cannot always be prevented if  you want to maximize the number of survivors and their health.  Survivors include man, nature and our planet.
Also, just like a caterpillar metamorfoses to a butterfly, I see our  globe metamorfose in a similar way. And in that process, caterpillar  and butterfly each fight each other for live or death. One system  makes way, althoug very reluctantly, for the other. It is a bloody  fight. All the events and symptoms we're now witnessing strenghten  this observation. But look at the results! Wonderful, right?!
If only we would know. The situation at hand will educe and evoke the  leader required to do the job. Leader will rise and fall. Quicker,  higher, and deeper.
Better be a wise, ethical leader. One who goes before and shows the  way by example.
Let's help each other find this woman or man.
Any suggestions? (Chavez probly not, right?)
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-28 10:43:39
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I fully agree and concur with this.
I am a bit surprised by your reactions. What have I said or done that  you bring these points up? Please share your concerns or worries, so  we can better understand each other.
My impression is that we are on the same wavelength, but that I've  said something that nudged the frequencies a bit. Need to harmonize  Please see Brian Robertson coined the term. He's an agile software guy who joined  sociocracy and agilism at the hip. Since that is one of my backgrounds  too, and because it resonates with me, I embraced it. It's just a nice  combination of a number of succesful practices to evolve, dynamically  steer, and organize a group of people. It culminates many of the  practices that make the open source and internet developmenst so  succesful. They focus mainly on business. TMO Holacracy (or elements  from it) can be used scale organization.
But, please, I invite you to read the white paper and share your  I'd say, don't worry, be happy. Agilism's key things are courage,  communication, simplicity, and feedback. Together: embrace change. In  fact, everyone and every organization, and politics too, has to  embrace and is embracing change. Agilism is a pattern language of  proven practices to deal with that. To change the changes if you will.
Agilism is not a goal. It's just a very practical way to do things, to  make progress while proactively and reactively absorbing meaningful  external and internal impulses.
The speed is more in the capability to steer than in the speed of the  car. You determine the car's speed. And the car stays nimble. It is,  in fact, just like driving a car. Fixing the steering wheel will not  get you at your goal. You have to continuously steer in order to make  it there, fast enough and safe. And when you get there, you're in the  right place (which often differs from the goal you had at the start of  the journey).
Anyway, I'm just a big fan of many of the proven practices (patterns,  pearls) of agilism an so. Oragnizations are picking these pearls up,  I very much agree. That's one of the reasons I'm fond of sociocracy.  Decisions there are made on the basis of consent (quite different than  consensus). So, if someone proposes an idea, it is accepted unless  there are grounded objections. If there are, each of these objections  is addressed and reworked into a evolved proposal until no more  objections exist.
The thumb protocol gives everyone a very simple voice: proposal  accepted if at least one thumb up and none down.
Sometimes, the group cannot make a decision and progress slows down as  a result. In that case, a benevolent dictator, elected by the  community on the basis of trust, then makes the choice.
This way, solutions that are waiting to emerge, that want to emerge  enyway, are facilitated to surface. And everyone has a voice. Very  democratic indeed.
Holacracy includes and transcends democracy and sociocracy.
BTW, Sociocracy is more on the way a holarchy is organised. Please see  Sure. One if the values is openness. The other thing is that it is an  collaborative process. So, the plan is a result of the holacratic  processes, made by, for, and with all stakeholders.
I'm confused here. Don't understand what you say. Please elaborate.
Agree fully. Please see above. It is a fully collaborative people- oriented thing. As opposed to many current cracies.
How did you get to know my dreams? Scary :-)
This is exactly what I'd like to see happen, yes.
Again, Ryan, please share your thoughts and concerns so we can better  understand each other. Email is sometimes a very lousy medium and poor  communication channel. I get the impression that I've put you on the  wrong leg by the way I communicate. Curious.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-28 14:59:47
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by 
Hi Andreas,
You're right. How does happen in real life now than? I borrow you my  book and I get it back some time. Or we agree verbally on a date.  After the deadline I'll start nagging you, perhaps. Maybe later this  utrns into stalking, until I get my book back. Or I'll charge for it.
I see not much difference with borrowing stuff. You always need to  plan a little, especially when the thing is scarce and used by more  people; i.e. demand > supply.
A good ?money? system helps self-organise this.
Making these transactions  for simple things like books is overkill  indeed; unpractical.
True. There is some threshold where it becomes important to measure  and pay for borrow time, depending on context.
Rent (normally) is lineair with time; you just pay for use over time.
Compound positive interest is exponential with time. A slow start, but  an ever steeper line after its tipping point. You pay rent over rent.  This is what will eventually kill it, or make it less attractive.
I disagree. Why does interest become unavoidable? Or do you mean rent?
It is a challenge, yes. But one that can be solved. We've solved it  already, didn't we? You know what you need to pay for a root canal  treatment, don't you? You can even compare prices between dentists. So  can dentists themselves, and adjust their prices so that everyone's  happy from a business and price/value perspective.
Have you read my previous suggestion regarding the VAX 11/780 standard  for MIPS? In that general direction.
So it's whatever someone wants to pay for it, or can afford. I agree.  If you can pay the price, than you are also able to deliver value to  others (your employer?) to be able to afford it. There must be a  dynamic balance between what you consume and produce. ?You? in this  case scales from individual to large companies or even countries.
But you can value them relatively when having two choices. And you can  check them for your affordability. Are you willing and able to pay the  price for this innovation or idea.
I seriously doubt this. Great artists just want to do what their  talents educe them to do: perform great art. It's just that it doesn't  get bought because money is artificially kept scarce. If there is  always sufficient money (not too much, not too little) I'd have an  artist create a painting for me and pay for it.
Quote from previous message on this channel:
If I offered you a feast immediately after you had a large meal, it is  nearly worthless to you.  But tomorrow, you may want that feast very  much.  The makers of feasts count on their own skill at calculated  just how many feasts will be wanted today or tomorrow.
So true. A bottle of water at noon when you're all alone in the desert  is probably much more valuable than the same bottle sitting on the  shelf with 500 others in the supermarket around the corner.
So the value of something is (extremely) context dependent. Another  example would be some ointment treatment, for pigs, say. You can buy  it by the barrel, for just ?10/kg. The identical ointment can be used  to treat the rash on your baby's skin, yet a 50g tube sells for ?10 at  your local drugstore. A 20-fold increase in price (?200/kg) , but  you're happy to buy it, since it's for your newborn child.
Every time you buy something you either implicitly or explicitly  evaluate its price, checking if you are able and willing to pay the  price for the value delivered.
You can always compare two similar, yet distinctive, offerings. You  can always feel and rationalize which one is ?closer to you?,  resonates more with you. Even, or in particular, for very subjective  thing like a painting or music this is true. You can always personally  value these offerings: are you willing and able to pay the price to  obtain this product or service. That is, are you willing and able to  deliver a contribution to the community at large at some time in the  future that matches (compensates) your receiving this product/value  now. In other words, can you afford this? Can you repay this over time  (or have you maybe already done so in the past)?
This begs the question of how much an hour of effort (energy) is worth  and if a difference between one hour from the janitor or the  orthodontist can be justified. If one hour from tha janitor is worth  ?10, say, then is ?60 for the orthodontist justified? Is there a fair  or human maximum to the ratio between two valuations? That is, while  the janitor makes something between ?15k and ?20k annually, the CEO of  the bank he works for makes ?1M annually. Can this 50x be justified?
To my opinion, differences in hourly valuation can be justified and  should be limited.
All this implies that marktplaces still will work. People will still  compete to deliver an excellent price/value. They will strive to  excell in what they do, honing their talents and living their  passions. In our current monetary system, people have become slaves.  Are you working for the money, or is the money working for you? Many  are compelled to work and do things that do not match their talents  and passions, just to pay the bill. A unprecedented form of global  slavery. Yet, we all seem eager to keep playing this game, designed by  a set of smart, yet unwise, economists.
TMO there's also a psychological effect that impacts perceived value;  besides the context that is. Spears has a bigger audience because,  according to many, she sang great songs. Pop songs. Pop, from Popular.  London Philharmonic Orchestra appearantly speaks to a smaller audience  than Spears (once did). Less popular. Less valued.
Time that we meshed work and leisure together. That work is actually  something that you do with pleasure because it matches your talents  and passions, and that it helps your self-expression and authenticity.  Our current monetary systems enslaves the majority of people because  they have to bring up the ever growing interest and shortage of money.  It's a trait of the system.
We'll work it out. I'm open to suggestions.
Thanks for your constructive critique.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-29 11:21:47
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I can imagine that, yes. Radical and revolutionary are not a goal or  intention. They're more consequences of the acceptance and spread of a  new system. I mean, de CD was radical and revolutionary, compared with  vinyl. So was the first Web. Remember Mosaic?
I expect a 2nd order change (systemic) rather than a bunch of 1st  order changes (incremental). It's almost inevitable. Complexity  science supports that.
Take an hourglass. When the flowing sand forms a pile, zillions of  grains simply roll down hill, and you'll see many small ?avalanches  and every now and then a mid-sized one, changing the ?landscape? of  the growing pile as they happen. Then, suddenly, a real landslide,  changing the ?landscape? all together. I have the feeling that we're  building up to such a landslide in our economy.
So do I and it's not my intention to have ?my? monetary system win as  a sole apporach. In fact I'm no fan of a ?sole? approach, I'm a fan of  an eclectic, open holacratic approach with evolution built in.
I'm just exploring all this and picking pearls (patterns: solutions to  recurring desires/problems in a certain context) from all that is out  there so something new and better can unfold. It doesn't feel like  ?my? monetary system and that's also not my intention.
It must be be ?our? monetary system in order to work, keeping the  things that work, replacing the things that are counterproductive with  better ones and creating new things that further embellish it. All for  the greater good and by consent.
I'll elaborate some more on this when answering Michel's question on  the need for plural systems.
Thank you, but I feel that as too much honour. I stand on the shoulder  of giants like Gessel, Keynes, Lietaer, Van Arkel, Alexander, Kelly,  and many many others. Almost everything I wrote has been written and  implemented elsewhere. The only new thing that I have not seen  anywhere else is the concept of dynamic trustwidth.
Sure will, because the individuals on this channel give very valuable  One million users at least. But we could start out small. Building  some concepts into Second Life would be a great start. Or a next  version of twollars perhaps?
Well, I'd like to do an experiment in real life. I've written up a  concept where such a monetary system is used in a social lottery kind  of way.
register on game website; this opens your account
everyone starts at zero
earn points by helping others (e.g. in your neighbourhood): if you  help someone, the other just rewards you with points: your balance  goes up, the other one goes down by the same amount (negative balance  is okay; just means you need to contribute); please note that the  amount of points is not the goal!
largest trustwidths win daily, weekly, four-weekly and quarterly prizes
grand finale in week 13; first prize ?13M.
trustwidth grows whenever your balance touches zero, with turnover as  parameter (higher turnover increase trustwidth more)
trustwidth decays over time (so keep busy helping others to maintain it)
game has rules built-in that prevent gaming the system, of course
e-bay-like marketplace to match demand-supply
might also include rules that favour local services over long distance  ones (to reduce travel and to foster community building)
sponsored by large national companies and the media; so a lot of  1 million daily players
to play for a day pay ?1
13 week game (one quarter): total fund of ?91M for development,  operation and prizes
significant prizes every week; ?1000 and up
extensive coverage on rtv; weekly tv-show on prime time celebrating  winners; good for marketing, sponsoring, etc. very social, sustaiable,  has some traits of a lottery or insurance (many contribute a small  amount for large prizes/cost for a few), but, unlike real lotteries,  you are in complete control of your chances of winning (and so is  everyone else; that's what makes it a fair and sportive competition)
all software used and or developed is open source
would love to us contactless devices (RFID?) as wallet; also mobile  phone as wallets; yet all data have redundant copies floating around  on the net; so you don't lose your data or account when you lose your  Interesting. Didn't know that. Will explore.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-29 13:41:17
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I'm definitely for such an open approach. In fact, I favour an  eclectic approach and an open framework, like LEGO? for monetary  Free Money Pearl Language
My dream scenario would be to develop a pearl language that can be  used to generate monetary systems that exactly fit the situational  need. It's a web of pearls that help you unfold the desired solution  for the current situation. The application of a pearl transforms the  current situation into a better, wholer one.
Since these pearls are small, modular pieces of practical proven  wisdom, you are free pick and choose the ones you want. So, you're not  compelled in anyway to use this system or that system, and there is no  one system (to rule them all ;-). You have freedom of choice.
Freedom of choice joined with monetary systems give Free Money  (Gessel's Freigeld (German) or Vrijgeld (Dutch)).
Capturing such practical wisdom in pearls also makes it much more  neutral, not bound to a particular person, religion, country, or  whatever. A Pearl Language unites on specification and may sportively  compete on implementation.
Such a Pearl Language allows a thousand flowers too bloom, leaving all  options open as opposed to a sole monetary system forced upon everyone.
A wiki is an ideal vehicle to start developing such a language. In  fact, the first wiki's (e.g bu Ward Cunningham) actually were used to  develop pattern languages.
Pearl versus Pattern
Christopher Alexander developed A Pattern Language?Towns, Buildings,  Construction. A pattern is a solution to a recurring problem in a  context. So a pattern focuses on a problem, a hurdle. Giving  attentention and energy to something makes it bigger. Focusing on your  hurdles, your goal disappears. Focusing on your goal, your hurdles  disappear. That is why pearls focus on desired outcomes, on the  fulfillment of a wish rather than on the problem.
Every problem can be inverted into a wish, desire, outcome or goal.  For instance, if you are overweight you might say ?I am  overweight.? (problem), or ?I don't want to be overweight.?  (negative  wish). Inverting this into a whish or desire makes it easier to  accomplish it, so ?I want to have the right weight.? is already much  better. Inlcuding a concrete, measurable goal is even better, so ?I  want to weigh less than 80 kg.? is even better.
Hence pearls and pearl language. A subtle yet important nudge.
A few very raw examples of pearls in the Free Money Pearl Language.
FLOW MONEY
Context: ...an ecosystem with an OPEN MARKET.
* * *
Desire: Since every transaction implies the creation of value, you  want money to flow.
Therefore: Allow a small precentage of everyone's positive balance to  flow into a HOLARCHY OF COMMONS FUNDS that fund community projects and  * * *
OPEN MARKET
Context: ...an ecosystem.
* * *
Desire: You want a thriving ecosystem where supply and demand can find  each other effortlessly and trade with eachother, using fair prices.
Therefore: Create a marketplace where prices, demand, supply and  reputation are open and transparant to all players and the public at  large. Consider using FLOW MONEY to foster industry and buzz.
* * *
LOCAL FORCE
Context: ...a community currency.
* * *
Desire: Often, money leaks away to ?foreigners? or speculative  markets, or just flashes through your community, so you want to keep  the money flowing local as long as possible, creating local value as  it flows through the community.
Therefore: Increase the buying power of foreign currency when  exchanged for local currency by a small percentage like 5 percent. Do  the inverse when local money is exchanged for foreign money.
* * *
Just some thoughts.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-29 16:09:41
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money 
It is a bit more complicated than that. Of course, when you have one  hour worth 100, then two hours are worth 200. But there is also a  difference between the kind of hours. One hour of dentist is valued  more thant one hour of a janitor. And one hour of dentist Fred may be  valued more than one hour of dentist John. So price differences and  valuations will continue to play an important role.
Well, almost. Due to market working, there will be competition on  price/value. So if someone is more productive, he or she may be more  attractive to potential buyers. One way or another, the final price of  a product or service will always reflect both the material and labour  resources that went into it.
BTW, when I use the term ?value? it includes aspects about the  quality. Higher quality is normally valued more than lower quality and  people in general are willing to pay a highr price for higher quality.
I sense a misunderstandig here. What I mean to say is that work will  be (or ought to be) as pleasurable as leisure. So similar even that  you cannot feel or sense the difference. This is only possible if the  ?work? closely matches (resonates) with your personal talents and  passions that you forget time. So, when do you forget the time while  still being busy? That is the time that you're in flow, that the job  at hand and your talents match completely.
Unfortunately, in our current economy, many are forced to separate the  two. You go to work, do the obligatory things to make money (to pay  the rent, mortgage, debts), and then rush home to actually do the  things you really like (and therefore match your talents). Some,  however, go home and get drunk or high to forget about work...
I get your point and I partially agree, especially on the  ?objectivity? of this quantification. Therefore, comparing two similar  yet distinct things (service or objects) does allow you to, very  subjectively, scale their relative value (for yourself). As a result,  you can link an different amount of money to each and ask yourself the  question if you can and will afford it.
For very subjective and scarce or unique things like paintings and  such, auctions are a way to make this decision.
Okay. Time will tell. Thanks for putting me on this track. It will  make me ponder it and formulate an asnwer and/or solutions some time  in the future.
Well, yes. I believe so. Then again, we have quite a challenge to  rebuild this trust into the world. Trust has been so abused, so  deformed that it takes ?global psychotherapy? to heal. When we can  design systems and constructs that help us catalyse this process, we  should. I believe that there are monetary systems that foster  collaboration and community, and therefore trust.
In fact, the trustwidth concept (see other messages on same topic) is  a promising step in that direction.
Thanks again for your feedback Andreas. Love it.
Succes en plezier,

@_date: 2009-05-31 21:31:54
@_author: Martien van Steenbergen 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by 
Thanks for clearing this up Dmytri. I didn't know this (i.e. the first  part of your explanation). I'll read it a couple of times, because I  don't grasp it al yet.
You say:
I'm confused. How does demurrage solve artificial scarcity?
Succes en plezier,
