
@_date: 2008-04-11 10:01:49
@_author: Matthew Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 6, Issue 6 
I'll blog about .nyc in a week or two -
On Fri, Apr 11, 2008 at 6:00 AM,

@_date: 2008-01-31 09:23:30
@_author: Matthew Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Your Swarm Registration / enterprise p2p 
Sounds good.  Any other recommendations before it "goes live"?

@_date: 2008-11-18 13:20:11
@_author: Matthew Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 13, Issue 26 
Hi All,
I would just like to share that Michel will be giving this same lecture
Sunday, November 23rd at 7pm in New York City.
Details at Please forward to anyone you know in the New York City area.
Matt Cooperrider
mattcooperrider at gmail.com

@_date: 2008-09-23 12:48:09
@_author: Matthew Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Platform 
Hi All,
I'm now working full-time on a project for a platform that will support
crowdfunding, decision making, and a number of other related features.  The
way that the platform is being managed may be of particular interest.
I've been busy with OneWebDay until yesterday, but I should be able to give
an in-depth report soon.
Matt Cooperrider

@_date: 2008-09-23 19:42:52
@_author: Matthew Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Platform 
Hi Sam and All,
Those features are all nearly built but not yet installed.  I expect we'll
have the full feature set in place in the next month.

@_date: 2009-04-23 14:01:39
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] policy sprints 
Hi Michel,
I agree it's blogworthy, but am still wrapping my head around what it is.  I
will produce a blog post after the workshop.

@_date: 2009-04-28 18:20:27
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Participate Virtually in Tonight's Collaborative 
Hi All,
We welcome virtual participation in tonights workshop with Dr. Mark Elliot.
More info:
Please share!
sorry for the last minute cross-post - went to:
- sunlight labs
- poliparsers
- cooperation commons
- p2p research
- open government nyc
- open government

@_date: 2009-08-23 11:01:36
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] EU Funding Opportunity and Open RFPs 
Hi All,
Check out this potential for an e-participation pilot project with the
EU.  The submission deadline is about a month away.  While I and other
folks at Collabforge are interested, we are already slammed this
month.  Besides, we'd need European proxies to head this up.
This gave me an idea which could apply to lots of RFPs like this:
- We make an Open RFP google group.
- Anyone who is looking for partners for a project could dump the RFP
into a page, for group comments
- Members of the group could then work out some agreement for how to
apply for the job together.
For reference, Sunlight Labs attempted something similar earlier this year:
I think such a list might fit nicely into the OpenKollab ecology, and
could be called "OK RFP" or some such.
So two questions:
1. what do you think of the proposed OK RFP group?
2. anyone want to team up on this EU project?
Matt Cooperrider

@_date: 2009-08-24 11:38:15
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] EU Funding Opportunity and Open RFPs 
Let's connect on this offline.  I'll email you individually.
Michel and all,
I'll certainly report back if any progress is made.

@_date: 2009-08-26 09:29:44
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kind of a neat open source tool -- ShiftSpace (Ryan 
The Shiftspace team is Brooklyn based, and I'm friendly with them.  They
(especially Mushon) are always on the lookout for new opportunities and
applications.  Anyone interested should not hesitate to reach out.  I can
put you in touch if you like.

@_date: 2009-02-02 16:55:02
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] member managed web service 
Hi Patrick,
I think that is exactly what I'm looking for: a community in which everyone
who is a member has some voice input into the evolution of the site itself.

@_date: 2009-02-04 18:17:27
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] member managed web service 
Hi Patrick,
I think I follow your argument.  What about when we are dealing with a
commons (as many wikis can be understood)?  There is no owner, and no sale
of goods, as far as I can see.  How would you interpret that situation
within your theory?

@_date: 2009-02-04 20:09:44
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] member managed web service 
I see now.  The server is the service provided.  What about an entirely xml
based web service?  Everyone has a piece of code on their own server.
example:

@_date: 2009-02-06 14:17:52
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P TV? 
Hi All,
Just a random idea I had: What if everyone on the list made a 3 minute video about his or her work?  I
set up a tipping point campaign at the above link to see if I could get 12
pledges to get the ball rolling.  I'm pledge number one.

@_date: 2009-02-08 11:03:03
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P TV? 
I like the way you zoomed in on my small suggestion and then backed out from
there to the 50,000 foot view.  The reminder of the 'real' beneath all of
this webby activity is helpful.
I want to make clear that I was not hoping to start a widespread p2p tv
movement.  Rather, I wanted to create a novel way to feature the work of the
people here on this list (who do know how to share).  I figured it could
help bring some attention to these ideas at a time when they are needed.
Of course this assumes that this group *wants* to grow and raise its
profile.  I have to be careful not to succumb to the logic of perpetual
growth :)

@_date: 2009-01-06 17:05:13
@_author: Matthew Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Yochai Benkler Cooperation Research Opportunities 
Very interesting.  I hadn't heard about this project before.  See below.
Please, help me to circulate this among your friends, students and networks.
Thank you. Carolina
Cooperation Research RA Opportunities
Cooperation Project Research Opportunities: 3 positions
The Cooperation Project is a Berkman Center Project supported by the Ford
Foundation and led by Prof. Yochai Benkler that aims to understand how
different industries and actors are adopting commons-based strategy and
cooperation arrangements.
Some goals of the project are:
1)     Map the practices, organizations, and institutions that form the
basis for creating commons-based information production in areas critical to
long-term development in a global information economy.
2)     Provide a source of ideas and learning opportunities for new social
and educational agents who are considering new tasks, and thinking about how
to approach their organization so as to leverage the power of distributed
peers in support of their goals.
3)     Provide data necessary to examine the success and sustainability of
commons-based practices as part of the online policy and political debates
over the importance, extension, or contraction of patents, copyrights, and
similar exclusive rights and their implementation through the world trade
4)     Provide a platform and context for practitioners and researchers
interested in commons-based production, collaboration, development, and
access to knowledge to network with each other, to learn from each other's
work and in conversation with each other's practices.
5)     Provide a rich set of materials to stimulate innovative
organizational and institutional thinking among policy makers, at both the
national and international levels; among civil society activists and social
entrepreneurs; and among the small but growing portion of the business
community that seeks to interact with practitioners of social production and
achieve positive social outcomes.
6)     Develop a political map ? who depend on patents or not and who can be
the allies ? here we may be limited by jurisdiction (political-economy =
regional) (or project base- globally).
Over the course of next year we will look deeply into three initial sectors:
alternative energy, educational materials and scholarship and biotechnology.
Research Assistant Responsibilities:
We are seeking 3 Research Assistants based in Boston/Cambridge area. Each RA
will perform sectoral research, assist in the development of quantitative
and qualitative research, and conduct interviews among other activities
under the coordination and supervision of the Fellow of the project. The RA
also may assist the Fellow to organize meetings, online discussions, and
other conversations around the research focus.
The required time commitment is flexible, but between 10 and 15 per week is
preferred. Interns generally are required to work onsite at the Berkman
Center one day per week at least or when agreed with the Fellow coordinating
the project, but otherwise may work remotely.
Required Education, Experience and Skills:
Graduate students with professional or academic experience in one of the
sectors that are part of the initial focus of the project (alternative
energy, educational materials and scholarship and biotechnology) are
encouraged to apply.
Applicants should have a demonstrated interest in and enthusiasm for
commons-based research, or technology-related issues. Experience with
technology as applied for collaboration and commons-based production,
excellent research and writing skills, and the initiative and energy to see
projects to completion in a fast-moving environment are essential.
We are also seeking a mixture of skills in data gathering and analysis,
online community familiarity (from blogging to social networks and forward),
lightweight web programming (Ruby and PHP especially), and other technical
and analytic skills.
Applications and Questions:
To apply, please email a current CV or resume and a cover letter summarizing
your interest and experience. Applications and requests for more information
should be sent to:
Carolina Rossini
crossini [AT] cyber.law.harvard.edu Cooperation Project
and more information on the Research Assistants positions here:
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are currently subscribed to mcc-talk as: korth at cs.nyu.edu
To unsubscribe send a blank email to leave-9925929-5695186.5b942933bcc65c599
789a8058d9d8fd3 at lists.nyu.edu

@_date: 2009-01-12 17:01:20
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 15, Issue 26 
Are folks here familiar with Berkman's VRM project?
For this discussion particular:
Also, as usual, P2P Foundation page summarizes it better than the home site:
Just tryin' to weave the ol' network...

@_date: 2009-01-13 12:24:00
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 15, Issue 26 
It's not really where my mind is right now either, but what Marc is saying
really jived with what I heard at the VRM conference at Berkman in October.
Doc explained that they don't heavily promote it, but hope that the right
folks will discover it virally.  I'd encourage anyone to participate on the
wiki or reach out to one of the members if they find the project worthwhile.
I get the impression that David is not heavily involved, and I don't know
John Clippinger at all.

@_date: 2009-01-22 15:44:58
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Virtual Congressional Districts 
Hi All,
This new paper examines the potential for a social network platform that
empowers citizens to manage government.  It is authored by Britt Blaser,
David Weinberger, and Joe Trippi, for submission to the Digital Governance
Society of North America 2009 conference.
What the paper doesn't tell you is that this platform is almost built.
There is a very un-beautiful and still-buggy installation at
I'd love to hear any feedback on the paper.
Matt Cooperrider

@_date: 2009-01-27 16:10:13
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer production of peer production 
I'm peer producing my master's thesis about peer production (though for some
reason I'm calling it social production in the text)
Any feedback would be most welcome.
Matt Cooperrider

@_date: 2009-01-31 13:30:44
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer production of peer production 
Hi Michel,
Thank you for taking a close look.  Your first response advised me to break
down the research into modules and send specific questions to the list.  I
agree completely (and Howard Rheingold said something similar on the CoCo
list).  First, I'm going to step back to the 50,000 foot view for a bit, and
then focus back down to something more specific so that I can come up with
some specific questions.
So, whether I focus on open manufacturing, political campaigns, etc., will
be determined by this exercise.  My thinking right now is that I will focus
on the open design of a web service - an actual fully functional website and
online community (not merely the open source codebase on which such a web
service might run).
So here's a specific question:  What are some examples of online community
web services in which the members are directly involved in the management of
the web service?
I expect the next mutation to arrive in mid-February.

@_date: 2009-07-28 12:43:10
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OpenKollab 
Hi P2P List,
Since Participation Camp, I've been working on a project called OpenKollab.
This message will give you some idea about it, but the documentation at
 breaks it down more.  We're having our weekly open
chat session in Skype (email me your Skype name for an invite - we'll be
migrating to IRC starting next week FYI) tomorrow 7/29 at 15:00 GMT.  Would
love to hear your thoughts here or in any of the channels over at
OpenKollab.  I'm really excited about the group that's gathered around this,
and the degree of focus we've achieved.
WHATS HAPPENING WITH OPENKOLLAB
The follow up to Pcamp ( has now resulted
in the formation of a team (Matt, Tav, Michael, Stephan, Gerry and
Suresh) that are working on developing an initiative called
OpenKollab. OpenKollab Project will help organizations that are
strategically aligned explore potential working relationships. It will
do this by identifying groups with related goals, highlighting
opportunities for resource sharing between those groups, and making it
easy for those groups to hold a productive virtual meeting. OpenKollab
is both a community process and a platform. While you all are invited
to take part in building the community and thinking through the
platform needs, Tav and his crew of Espians - a group of visionary
technologists that are working on developing a next generation
architecture to support distributed real time collaboration and
community formation - have agreed to build parts of the platform.
AGENDA FOR WEDNESDAYS MEETING
This Wednesday, we are going to focus our discussion on:
-The OpenKollab Platform: What do our web services do now, and what
will they do in the future?
-The Roadmap: What is our longer term plan?
-Project Mapping: How will we gather the necessary information to map
projects and realte them to each other?
OUR UNIQUE SYSTEM FOR RELATING PROJECTS
Our next project is to create a standard format for structuring
information about projects.  Once projects are listed in this format,
it's easier to see how they fit together.
The OpenKollab Project's own listing looks like this:
?       Needs: project mappers, funding support,
?       Resources: a place to list your project, share it with a community,
and hold a virtual meeting
?       Members: mattcoop, tav, tropology, gerryg, sureshf, sdohrn
?       Super-Ordinate Goal(s): stimulating collaboration amongst related
?       Sub-Ordinate Goals(s): getting you to attend our meeting, etc.
Details on the technology specifications, the roadmap as well as the
mapping process can be found at:
WHATS HAPPENING WITH OPENKOLLAB
The follow up to Pcamp ( has now resulted
in the formation of a team (Matt, Tav, Michael, Stephan, Gerry and
Suresh) that are working on developing an initiative called
OpenKollab. OpenKollab Project will help organizations that are
strategically aligned explore potential working relationships. It will
do this by identifying groups with related goals, highlighting
opportunities for resource sharing between those groups, and making it
easy for those groups to hold a productive virtual meeting. OpenKollab
is both a community process and a platform. While you all are invited
to take part in building the community and thinking through the
platform needs, Tav and his crew of Espians - a group of visionary
technologists that are working on developing a next generation
architecture to support distributed real time collaboration and
community formation - have agreed to build parts of the platform.
AGENDA FOR WEDNESDAYS MEETING
This Wednesday, we are going to focus our discussion on:
The OpenKollab Platform: What do our web services do now, and what
will they do in the future?
The Roadmap: What is our longer term plan?
Project Mapping: How will we gather the necessary information to map
projects and realte them to each other?
OUR UNIQUE SYSTEM FOR RELATING PROJECTS
Our next project is to create a standard format for structuring
information about projects.  Once projects are listed in this format,
it's easier to see how they fit together.
The OpenKollab Project's own listing looks like this:
?       Needs: project mappers, funding support,
?       Resources: a place to list your project, share it with a community,
and hold a virtual meeting
?       Members: mattcoop, tav, tropology, gerryg, sureshf, sdohrn
?       Super-Ordinate Goal(s): stimulating collaboration amongst related
?       Sub-Ordinate Goals(s): getting you to attend our meeting, etc.
Details on the technology specifications, the roadmap as well as the
mapping process can be found at
We are also interested in making our process as open as possible and
therefore do most of our communicating on theIRC channel If you need assistance logging into this channel, let us know.
Also, make sure you join our Google Group at:
group/openkollab/  to keep
receiving announcements and updates on this
We are also interested in making our process as open as possible and
therefore do most of our communicating on theIRC channel If you need assistance logging into this channel, let us know.
Also, make sure you join our Google Group at:
group/openkollab/  to keep
receiving announcements and updates on this

@_date: 2009-06-01 08:33:29
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google's wave ends email? 
I saw a great presentation on this by Mike Singelton from drop.io at
BarCampNYC4 on Saturday.
It looks a lot like your gmail inbox, but with a new metaphor
(waves=conversations, wavelets=pieces of conversations [defined by who's
included], blips=pieces of content) and with deep integration of realtime
and rich media.  They've rebuilt email from the ground up.
The reason it could replace email is that they plan to release an API and a
protocol for wave.  You'll be able to run your own wave server.

@_date: 2009-03-27 11:14:25
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative democracy project 
I think that it's a great proposal.  In fact, we are already building a lot
of what he describes.  Which means I'm not sure how to approach this.  I
feel like I'd just end up describing my project in detail.  I'll give it
more thought tomorrow, but suggestions are welcome meanwhile.

@_date: 2009-05-23 17:24:03
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p-like law making: Italian law proposal for 
Hello All,
I've written the first draft of:
Here are the needs of this article that I see:
- more accurate breakdown of the components of policy production
- more examples of collaborative writing and design of policy
- examples of the peer production of other components of policy production
(e.g. how swarm lobbying could help peer-produced policy get passed)
Thanks for your help,

@_date: 2009-05-23 20:10:32
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer Governance of This List 
Hello P2P List,
I followed the recent netiquette dispute somewhat.  For my part, I have had
trouble keeping up with the list, mainly because it takes so much extra
mental effort to draw out the discussions I am interested in from everything
else.  I thought about some technical solutions to improve the situation,
but I realized that any such move would need to have buy-in from the group
to be successful.  That made me think, more generally, that we have a
commons here that we could be more actively governing to our mutual
benefit.  At the very least it's an opportunity to theorize together in a
contained setting that we know intimately.
Anyone want to take a stab at framing the discussion?

@_date: 2009-05-24 12:15:46
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer Governance of This List 
Michel and Ryan,
Both of your responses have been enlightening.
Ryan, I chuckled at your image of "prissy" types who write with "19th
Century care" (am I writing that way now?  I just rewrote this email for the
third time...).  I sometimes forget how deeply I've incorporated the old
academic ideals of completeness and bibliographic order .  Usually this just
leads to me feeling guilty about not "keeping up".  Laughing at those ideals
helps me let go of them.
Michel, I'm also wary of unnecessary governance, and I like your pragmatism
about the benefits of this list.  If anything, it's most critical that you,
Michel Bauwens, have easy means to survey this space, since you put in so
much effort to curate the P2P information commons.
All that said, I'd still be interested to see the existing governance
structures of this list, and perhaps the blog and the wiki as well,
documented so that they are available for examiniation.  Michel, I imagine
you do an awful lot that we're not aware of an everyday basis to maintain
the P2P foundation.  Do you have your daily/weekly P2P duties recorded
anywhere?  Is there an organizational chart of who manages which resource?
Of who has admin rights and has the power to ban or exclude?
I certainly don't want to build new governance structures unnecessarily.
Moreover, my interest in these issues is not directly related to recent
events or particular list issues - I merely saw an opportunity to start a
But if we've learned anything from the transparency movement, it's that you
don't know what benefits can be achieved until you show the community what's
going on on the inside.  Even details that seem trivial or obvious can
generate new insights when documented and shared.

@_date: 2009-05-24 17:31:23
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p-like law making: Italian law proposal for 
Does the following text work?  If so, tell me a date to post it, and I'll
create the post.  I also welcome feedback from the list in the interim.
Peer Production of Public Policy
I've recently been exploring how peer production methods can be used to
build smarter public policy.  One benefit of this approach is that the
community that drafted the policy would then become a political force urging
its passage.  Such a scenario might provide a means to counteract the often
damaging influence of corporate special interest.
My first question, then, is how do we create an environment in which peer
production of public policy can occur successfully?  I find the following
excerpt informative.  It is taken from a Cooperation Commons summary <
 of a work by Elinor Ostrom and Nives
Dolsak called "Governing the Commons in the New Millennium":
Resource users will devise new institutions for managing [a]
resource or change existing rules governing its use when the perceived
benefits of the change in the rules exceed the costs associated with
creating the rules and with the change of the resource use
I suspect that peer production methods and appropriate web tools can help to
lower the cost of such institution-devising and rule-changing.  This in turn
would increase the pace of institutional innovation, at a time when new
rules and institutions for commons governance are desperately needed.
In order to move this research forward, I've created a wiki page at:
I hope that the work being done in this area is greater than what I've been
able to uncover so far.  If you have anything to contribute, please edit the
page or make a suggestion in the comments.

@_date: 2009-05-25 11:56:34
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer Governance of This List 
Fun!  I feel like I just cracked open an undiscovered book of histories :)
I added some of this at  and
linked the full text from there.  If anyone has suggestions, I am happy to
work them in, if you're not feeling like editing directly.
I see an opportunity both to practice transparency and other principles of
open goverance, and to keep a history of the foundation.
Thanks for indulging me on this Michel.

@_date: 2009-05-25 12:01:22
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer Governance of This List 
Oh yeah, some questions.  Is the information about the official nonprofit
entity and the board members publicly available?  Would it be a problem to
post more details?  Also, what is the nature of the relationship with
On Mon, May 25, 2009 at 11:56 AM, Matt Cooperrider <

@_date: 2009-05-30 12:11:31
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Participation Camp 
Hi All,
I am organizing the event below.  I hope some folks can attend.  If not, I'd
love feedback.  Also, we're committed to good documentation and providing
opportunities for virtual participation.
Today we announce a new un-conference focused on creating a truly
participatory democracy.
Participation Camp
June 27th and 28th - New York City
Learn more and register now at
*About Participation Camp*
Participatory government is a powerful ideal, but changing the system will
not be easy.  In the spirit of Transparency Camp,
we're calling on open government advocates from all walks - including
government officials - to come together and share their knowledge and
strategies.  PCamp09 will include featured speakers, participant-driven
workshops, and hands-on projects.
*Get Involved Now*
We're all about participation, and we'd love to have your help making
PCamp09 even better.  We need organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and just
good ideas.  Learn more at
ParticipationCamp.orgor email us
directly at
*participationcamp at gmail.com*.
To continue to receive PCamp09 updates, be sure to subscribe on our site, or
reply to this email and include the word SUBSCRIBE.
*More Open Gov Events
**Wednesday, June 3rd - OpenGovNYC's Summer of Gov
*: Join us for wine and cheese, followed by a series of presentations on new
open gov projects.  A good way to meet people in the movement and get
involved.  *Friday, June 5th - Capitol Camp : *Albany throws
open its doors for an open gov unconference, and invites you to help them
improve your state goverment.  Participation Camp is Sponsored by
   - Mudball - Collaboration Media, Community Building - mudball.net
   - New Work City - Coworking New York Style - nwcny.com

@_date: 2009-10-13 10:10:14
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Crowdsourcing and Open Source Planning as Means 
below is an excellent article which I'm referencing on the 15th,
perhaps you can add your own commentary based on your own experience and
Hi Michel,
I've added my response below your original post, so that you can see it how
it might eventually look on the blog.  I'm happy to make any adjustments you
might suggest.
*Citizen engagement + openness = improved p2p
*[image: photo of Michel Bauwens]* Michel Bauwens
8th October 2009
 City governance and open-source programming never seemed like a likely
marriage. However, emerging initiatives have been working towards it, and
have received a boost of popular support through Obama?s call for open
government. When NYC?s Mayor Bloomberg launched the Big Apps competition
this past June, he invited individuals and groups to program applications
that make government data sets accessible to the public ? solidifying that
technology can contribute to improved quality of life. Applications created
in response to Bloomberg?s decisions will join the crowd-sourced initiatives
that already exist in New York City, and already explore methods that can
offer residents not only information, but a place to gain a sense of
community, to exchange ideas and to visualize space digitally.
For more read Olivia Chen?s overview
Inhabitat, on New York?s crowdsourced open city initiatives.  Below is a
response from Matt Cooperrider, organizer of the Open Government NYC meetup
group .
 While Mayor Bloomberg's recent initiatives are innovative and
forward-looking, perhaps his most valuable role for the openness movement in
New York CIty has been as a foil.  This is a mayor so strong that he
steamrolled the City Council into approving a term limits extension so that
he could run for a third term, and then made the 2009 mayoral race a
formality by massively outspending his opponents.  He has consolidated
executive power at the top of one the most arcane and entrenched municipal
governments in the United States.  In a way, this has been beneficial to the
open government and open data movements, as it forces them to make a strong
case and build real political support.
Often, the work of New York City activists takes hold in other cities before
it feeds back home.  Outsiders watch our story unfold, borrow our tactics
and message, and convince their more progressive officials to adopt early.
New York officials get to watch and wait, and implement selectively based on
successes elsewhere.
This summer, City Councilmember Gale Brewer <
 Chair of the Committee
on Technology in Government, introduced legislation <
mandating an open data policy across all city agencies.  Bloomberg has
fought the bill partly on cost, but his team's core argument has been that
they take a "customer-focused approach" and will release data streams
selectively as customers demand them.  (The New York Observer's Future
Initiative blog has tracked the entire story here <
 under its "open data" tag.)  So,
even though Brewer's legislation might create an innovation ecology that far
surpasses anything that Bloomberg's corporate-model government could
produce, we have not as a movement made a sufficient case.  Meanwhile,
cities like San Francisco and Portland are aggressively releasing their
municipal data.
The Open Planning Project (TOPP) , one of
the organizations mentioned in Ms. Chen's article above, has been a major
driver of the open data movement.  They have produced useful one-off
applications, such as FixCity.org , which crowdsources
potential locations for new bike racks thus speeding their installation.
They have also acted as stewards of open standards in the Geographic
Information Systems (GIS) community and, more recently, the Open 311
community.  Mayor Bloomberg pioneered the 311 non-emergency telephone-based
citizen information service, but has been slow to open up the data for
mashups by eager civic hackers.  Washington D.C. was the first to move on
this, and TOPP is now stewarding the effort at Open311.org <
 to create a standard for all Open311 APIs in any city.
As part of this effort, TOPP is hosting an Open311 DevCamp at their home
office in New York, where officials from more than 7 cities from across the
Americas will gather to develop best practices.  It wasn't until late last
week, however, after so many other cities got on board, that NYC officials
bothered to acknowledge and RSVP for an innovative event in their own
Another telling example can be found in Ms. Chen's article.  Tom Lowenhaupt
has been fighting for almost ten years to bring the .nyc top-level domain to
New York City.  His vision has been to use the revenue generated from this
civic resource to provide digital literacy and civic education through
neighborhood-oriented online community spaces.  In that time, Tom has built
a knowledge base (within a TOPP wiki) that has become a common reference
point for City TLD initiatives globally.  It contains a wide range of
information, including arguments for why a TLD needs to be as carefully
planned as city streets, and the potential civic benefits that can accrue
through such planning.  Tom has worked with parallel initiatives in global
cities such as Paris and Barcelona to develop international standards for
City TLDs, ensuring that non-English speakers can easily access the city's
Recently, city officials announced their intention to apply for the .nyc
TLD.  They issued an RFP, seeking vendors who are qualified to manage this
resource.  The key criterion for choosing the winner?  Who can produce the
most revenue for the city in the next five years.  There is no mention of
appropriate planning for the allocation of domain names, or synergies with
other global cities.  While other cities may benefit from Tom's grassroots
efforts, New York is looking to make a short term profit from a TLD
"landrush", and will soon find themselves lagging behind more
forward-thinking cities that have benefitted from better digital planning.
In the .nyc case, there is still time for the usual pattern to unfold.
Perhaps officials will look beyond the short-term revenue potential (a
difficult thing to do in this economy) and learn from other cities some
lessons that they, ironically, learned in the first place from a determined
New Yorker.  There is incredible civic innovation in NYC, in some ways
strengthened by the resistance it faces.  But we don't always reap what we
sow, and when we do we are often served last.

@_date: 2009-10-20 09:57:05
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I'm forking this out from the discussion "Is the P2PFoundation a Shill for
Proprietary  Software?"  The question of whether P2P is an ideology needs
I don't think it's been thrown under the carpet at all.  Upon close
inspection, the notion of a general ideology in p2p itself is a nonsensical
concept.  P2P is a phenomenon / process.  Participants may have diverse
ideologies (e.g. profit-only vs freedom-only), but as long as they agree on
the basic principles of production, that doesn't impact the process.
Ideological differences can and do impact organizations participating in p2p
production, and that has come up regularly (e.g. Wikipedia).
I don't have much of an argument, but I wanted to invite others to discuss
(particularly to invite Athina to rebut, and Kevin to expand on his close
I agree with Kevin that there is no "general ideology in p2p itself", but
the notion of "p2p itself" brackets the historical context.  Employing p2p's
"basic principles of production" in 2009 has potentially huge political and
social implications.  Those of us who work to advance "p2p alternatives" do
so because p2p processes (maybe not in every case, but when considered
together) privilege certain outcomes that we prefer.  Our preferences need
to be examined.

@_date: 2009-09-15 10:24:35
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OpenKollab Wednesday Meeting - Implementing P2P 
Dear Open Collaborators,
Tomorrow is our weekly open meeting in the  channel on IRC
Freenode.  Last week an excellent discussion on alternative currencies
emerged from the accidental assembly of interests and intentions on that
day.  Here's one insight:
 new currencies emerge when there is a lack of available
desired currency
There's no question that many of us working at the leading edge of
collaboration are short on funds.  I propose that we continue this
discussion this week, with an eye towards implementing a solution that helps
all achieve our research and development goals.
Some background:
   * Wall Street Journal piece explains the concept:
 (found via P2P
Foundation blog
   * Flowplace, a platform for issuing new currencies (just a demo):
 (shared by OK regular gerryg)
We need your help to make this work.  Join us tomorrow.  Visit
 for instructions on how to join, if you are not
familiar with IRC (or email me).

@_date: 2009-09-17 18:26:07
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OneWebDay 2009 
Hi All,
In case you haven't heard, OneWebDay happens every 9/22.  It's kinda like
Earth Day for the Internet.  This year's theme is Access for All, which is
appropriate for these lists since so many of our projects depend on access
to the web.
OWD was born in the U.S., but it's starting to reach other countries.  See
if there's an event in your town.
If not, please consider blogging or tweeting -  - to help spread the
word.  Thanks for your time.

@_date: 2010-04-20 23:10:46
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [VBbuilders] Why and how work together? 
It's a great question Andrius, and one worth answering.
But it's way too big a question for one person to answer. Would folks on
this list first try to answer this question instead?:
*** What do we need to do in order to be able to answer the question "why
and how work together?" ***
Here's mine:
Map people, groups, goals, strategies, and resource and their relationships
using standard data formats and a distributed database. (a lot of work has
already been done on this across a number of the participants here)
- Matt

@_date: 2010-04-21 07:59:09
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [VBbuilders] Why and how work together? 
Sam, I think you are right on about protocols, and am glad to hear that you
think Wave has what it takes. I have a gut feeling about this, but not the
expertise to evaluate it.
I was lucky enough to have breakfast with lead Wave engineer Stephanie
Hannon in Sydney recently. She says they are working hard to extract
proprietary code from their Wave client, so that others can get their own
clients up more easily.
But they have a lot of other pressures and deadlines, and need to show mass
adoption first and foremost. So use those invites!!!

@_date: 2010-04-21 11:39:54
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [VBbuilders] Why and how work together? 
Sam Rose's response to these questions make a ton of sense to me, and I
trust Forward Foundation's expertise to build the appropriate technology.
Any upgrades to P2P infrastructure should be done with his approaches in

@_date: 2010-05-13 09:33:34
@_author: Matt Cooperrider 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Moving forward with the Appleseed Project! 
Appleseed is an open source social networking project with a focus on
creating distributed social networking protocols. I came across it a
few years back, and was impressed by the vision and concept. I'm glad
to see Michael is starting back up.
Would anyone with more technical skill be willing to check this out
and verify Michael's claim that he is way ahead of projects like Elgg?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
First things first, I want to apologize to everyone who has emailed me
and has not?received?a reply. ?I have not been good about keeping up
with this project, and I hope to change that from now on.
With the recent privacy changes on Facebook, and the amount of op-ed's
calling for an open alternative, I've decide to re-open the Appleseed
Project, and try and figure out a direction forward. ?I've been
looking at other proposed open social network softwares (elgg,
anahita, diaspora, onesocialweb), and I haven't seen anything yet that
is at the level that Appleseed is, so it would be a shame to leave it
to the graveyard of open source projects. ?The goal is to try and get
some kind of funding or backing so that I can make this a priority.
So here is a list of resources for Appleseed so that we can push this
project forward.
I created a Mozilla Drumbeat profile. ?Please create an account and
"like" the project so it gets noticed.
Also, I've created a test site for people who have been having
troubles installing Appleseed to get an account to play around with.
The site is pretty bare, but it's available here:
It does use an invite system, so if you'd like an invite, please email
me back and let me know.
I've set up a Google Group for discussions, available here:
And there's also a project/bug tracker using PHPCollab:
And a Wiki for documentation:
The main Appleseed project site is currently hosted on Sourceforge, in
case anyone's forgotten:
If you'd like to get involved with this project, and if you can help
in any way (code, translations, funding, testing), I urge you to do
so. ?Thank you for supporting Appleseed!
Michael Chisari
michael.chisari at gmail.com
