
@_date: 2009-08-06 08:36:50
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Starbucks API 
The Starbucks API
Take it one step further:
Create a "physical API"... of the Mayo Clinic or Cleveland Clinic. Copy
their entire way of doing business and paste it into hospitals around the
country. In a nicely wrapped package deliver their systems for
decision-making, integration, coordination, and expertise. Include their
human resources practices, innovation efforts, and technology. Import their
employment model, their bargaining power, and of course brand recognition.
This is a beta release so if anything is left out, it can be included in a
later version. Mix with water. Implement. Poof! Great health care!
Just think about it, Local County Hospital, powered by the Mayo Clinic or
Our Lady Health Care System, supported by the Cleveland Clinic; it's a
definite brand extender.
You can get these information bottlenecks even when there's no competing
interests, and nothing proprietary -- it's just hard (without an API) for
people to know where or how to look.
So instead of this convoluted, consuming, and confusing reform debate, how
about something more fun and innovative?  President Obama has routinely
cited the Mayo Clinic and the Cleveland Clinic as models for providing high
quality, low cost care.  If they can do it, we ought to be able to learn
from them, and roll that model out nationwide.

@_date: 2009-08-12 09:41:47
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] While we 'were' on the subject of games... 
Eclipse Phase is a pen & paper RPG launching at Gen Con. It's a
transhuman/singularity near future milieu with horror & conspiracy elements
added for mood. I love the quote 'money is for people who don't know how to
take care of themselves'.
- Reputation Economies. In designing the game's material culture, we threw
out the idea of money as a major motivator for characters ("Money is for
people who don't know how to take care of themselves"), instead focusing on
how characters network to get things they need. There are corporate
interests in the setting trying to keep money alive, but we don't portray
this in a good light. We really want to see someone try doing this in a
massmorg, and we're hoping our game spreads the idea around. Reason: massive
simulations of new economic systems in environments like massmorgs may well
be predictive of how they'd work in real life. - Weird shit. Players can choose to portray a giant transgenic crab with a
cyberbrain run by a red market AGI if they're feeling it. - Wide synthesis of other transhuman SF concepts. Microfacturing, open
source blueprints for same, personality uploading (leading to virtual
immortality), and a lot of other stuff you'd see in works by Stross,
- Creative Commons. The game is being released under a CC license. Link:

@_date: 2009-11-30 22:24:56
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] about those old android phones for 3rd world kids... 
And it will be 'FREE':
I've watched Google since they were founded. in that time I have noted 3
things Google does.
1. They never plan for the short term. They decide what they want to make
happen 10 years from now and then proceed to plan backwards from that. They
plan ahead. ICANN is now international and URLs will be in every language.
Google can already translate web pages, URLs will be no different. They make
mistakes, but they still tend to be years ahead.
2. They do not charge their users. EVER. They are not a company that makes
money off the public. They are a company that earns money off of businesses.
Every program, every app, every service is free to the user.
3. They kill cash cows. Note that for the last several years they have been
making their own up to date maps. Now, they own the most accurate road maps
in the world. They released a GPS navigator for free. Time and time again,
Google creates a product that undercuts, and eventually crushes competitors.
because it's free. It might take several years, but they almost always end
up being the dominant product.
This article makes a very logical point. The Google Phone may very well be
absolutely free to users, and charge businesses for in store traffic
directed to them by their new Navigator. You use the Google phone to go
someplace, that place pays Google. The phone and service fees are covered by
that revenue and the end user pays nothing, just like every other product
from Google.
It doesn't have to compete with high end phones, or be the "best". Just
being free will make it a massive success.
And over the course of the next few years, it will get better, more
sophisticated, and more powerful.
And it end up wiping out the Mobile Carriers, Phone makers, and even the
Because what Google may be designing isn't a phone at all.
People have been talking about how Phones and Computers and various other
entertainment devices are becoming more integrated. You have Gameboys, PSPs,
IPods, IPhones, etc.
But what none of these things do is connect directly to your computer in the
sense that they are pretty much the exact same thing in different sizes.
Between ChromeOS and Android, a Google Phone could be your desktop PC, only
smaller. Free connection to an always available internet, able to connect
remotely to your personal data on your home system as well as freely
accessing the cloud, able to do everything your PC can and running the same
apps. It could possibly even share processor resources with your home system
using distributed processing.
And all those "Competitors" will have ceased to have a cash cow, and unless
they shift to a similar Business model (years behind Google) they will cease
to exist.

@_date: 2009-12-06 21:37:15
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the jasecon bottom up cycle 
Loved the Jascon graphic and the amount of depth and thought they put into
explaining it.  I'm going to ask them for permission to expound upon it for
our community here. I also agree with Ryan, what a wonderful way to rate a
community :-)
In addition, Michel's 19 institutions cover the rest of the bases in a
larger 'macro' view.

@_date: 2009-12-08 12:45:18
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Back to DNS one last time with an open-source tool: 
Windows/Mac/Linux: Last week Google
 announced a free DNS service designed to speed up your browsing, but
just because Google wants to be fast doesn't actually mean they're the best
option for you. Namebench finds the fastest DNS server for your connection.
After you download and fire up namebench, just click the Start Benchmark
button to test out a handful of free public DNS services, from
 Google Public DNS to
 OpenDNS to   UltraDNS.
Once started, the test took about 12 minutes to complete using the default
settings. When it's done, you'll be presented with a handful of handy charts
displaying the results of the tests.
 the
image above for a closer look.)
the image above for a closer look.)
Namebench is a free, open-source download, works with Windows, Mac OS X, and

@_date: 2009-12-09 10:48:49
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Personalized medicine 
[Matt Boggs] Is it just me or does the article on personalized medicine
remind you of the movie THX1138.

@_date: 2009-12-23 11:02:15
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Book Search litigation is a Digital Nightmare 
I've been following the Google Book Search litigation pretty closely. I'm a
bibliophile, so hey!   This story in
the New York Review of Books by Robert Darnton simply must be read by all,
not just bibliophiles. On principle Google's desire to digitize all the
books in the world is a good idea. Who could not possibly appreciate having
every book ever written at their fingertips? Of course, there are serious problems with the way Google is going about it.
As always, privacy issues are front and center, but also monopoly power.
Both, in my opinion, alone should nix the deal. But I'm getting ahead of
myself. Darnton makes some very cogent points about the pending litigation and
Google's efforts to water it down. The most important critiques in the
article come from a European legal draft. I include the points I think are
key in summary: 1. The settlement gives Google a virtual monopoly over orphan works, even
though it has no claim to their copyrights.
2. Its opt-out provision, which means that authors will be deemed to have
accepted the settlement unless they notify Google to the contrary, violates
the rights inherent in authorship.
4. It gives Google the power to censor its database by excluding up to 15
percent of the digitized works.
5. Its guidelines for pricing will promote Google's commercial interests,
not the good of the public, through the use of algorithms created by Google
according to Google's secret methods.
6. It favors secrecy in general, hiding audit procedures, preventing the
public from attending meetings in which Google and the Registry will discuss
library matters, and even requiring Google, the authors, and publishers to
destroy all documents relevant to their agreement on the settlement.
The power of one corporation having all the books ever written under its
corporate, profit driven power should give us all pause. And it should
awaken Congress and the president Obama form their slumber. As I said, in
principle, Google's idea is an excellent one. But in the end we are talking
about a public good and a public service. This is not a project a private
corporation should be heading up. This is properly a function of the state.
As Darnton notes: The most ambitious solution would transform Google's digital database into a
truly public library. That, of course, would require an act of Congress, one
that would make a decisive break with the American habit of determining
public issues by private lawsuit. The legislation would have to settle
ancillary problems-how to adjust copyright, deal with orphan books, and
compensate Google for its investment in digitizing-but it would have the
advantage of clearing up a messy legal landscape and of giving the American
people what they deserve: a national digital library equal to the needs of
the twenty-first century. But it is not clear how Google would react to such
a buyout.
And yet, the idea of a virtual library of Alexandria at our fingertips, in
our Kindle, at any given time?
One can hope.

@_date: 2009-12-24 13:32:59
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone Hacking 
I'd like to chime in for a moment and agree with Andy's comment(s) below.
Total surveillance is total freedom not lack of because if we can observe
the observers we have a level, do I dare say, P2P system.
Of course the only way a system like this would ever be implemented (because
I too believe all governments are self-serving) would be by our benevolent
machine overlords :-)
Message: 9
This discussion is rapidly becoming pointless.  The basic points are being
addressed by the same unsupported assertions repeated over and over.  "J"
doubtless realises we're onto him and the game is up.  He just keeps giving
us more of the same.  The substantive objections are not being addressed,
it's the same arguments time and again.  The crucial point is made, however:
he admits that his entire edifice is based on the delusion of a separation
of science from other kinds of knowledge.
The only thing I think is worth commenting on right now, is this:
"my dog doesn't worry about privacy from me.  I protect it, walk with it, be
its companion, feed it, take it out to pee.  If I was the dog, I don't think
I'd care very much about privacy... I don't see why I'd care.  I don't care
now.  The only threat is from other people...not from machines.  If machines
wish to kill us, I suspect others will wish to protect us...  We can easily
stop most crime now by rfiding all vehicles and making all money
electronic...  Fearing governments is a bit 20th century Orwell was a
brilliant writer and an interesting guy, but the gig is sort of up." (Ryan)
I guess this proves the point that computers will soon be smarter than
humans, because I remain astounded that humans can be so incorrigibly *
stupid*.  Ryan, you evidently have no idea how states actually work.  They
are not, and never have been, benevolent protectors.  Nobody in political
theory seriously believes that unconstrained states able to override
constraint by society and/or individuals are benevolent protectors - not
Locke, not Marx, not Burke.  I'm not going to waste time debating how far
totalitarianism reduces 'crime', but suffiice to say it always drastically
increases the far more serious 'crimes' and legalised atrocities of the
powerful.  Now, go away, read about Cointelpro, read about MOVE, read about
destabilisation campaigns, read about the strategy of tension in Italy, read
about the abduction of Aristide in 2004, read about how the police behaved
in St. Paul's last year, read about Mumia, read about neoliberal
restructuring, then read about the history of the genocide of Native
Americans, colonialism, the slave trade, the Nazis, the rise of Stalinism,
and come back and tell us if you still think states are benevolent
Put simply - if they aren't afraid of us jamming their functioning and they
don't need us to do their work (or fighting etc) for them, *they don't need
us*.  And there is no reason for them to benevolently protect us rather than
treat us as disposable commodities, or worse, as vermin.  I don't know where
you've picked up your rather silly illusion that they exist to protect us
and will carry on being 'benevolent' even if they have no need whatsoever to
be.  But I'm pretty sure it has to do with *identification with the
oppressor* (look it up).  Don't bother coming back with the retort that you
don't "feel" oppressed either, because that is also part of the same

@_date: 2009-12-29 07:38:31
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
James Kunstler, author of the Long Emergency, offers his predictions for the
upcoming year. Buckle up, for the ride is about to get scary. Essential
reading in my opinion.
[Matt Boggs]

@_date: 2009-07-06 16:46:46
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] essay with a smattering of P2P 
One of life's lessons is that those in charge are the ones who write the
rules. Usually this just means that might makes right and the powerful set
the standards. Often to their own benefit. On a more fundamental level
though, it means the opposite. Those who figure out what the rules are, set
the standards by which society functions. Rather than spend my life trying
win according to rules which often seem incomprehensible, contradictory and
tilted towards those already possessing advantages, I set out to figure what
really is going on. I did not seek answers to give me comfort, but truths to
which I must answer. The following essay revolves around three
interconnected observations about physical reality, spirituality and
economics. It is not about how to win, because in life the finish line is
death. It is simply about understanding how life works and how it might work
better. The conceptual foundation is the cycle of expansion and contraction
and the infinite number of interactions.
In trying to make sense of life, there is a constant tension between moving
forward and reviewing the past. We neither want to be stuck in the past, or
miss any lessons it might have to teach us. There is no one guide to the
future, so it is a constant process of adaptation. Often the corrections are
so natural, we make them subconsciously, while other times they are the
source of endless agonizing. The larger society goes through this process
and political coalitions form to advocate for various propensities, such as
conservatism looking to the presumed order of the past, or liberalism
leaning to the formless energy of the future. That cycle of social expansion
and civil consolidation.
What is time itself? Is it a narrative path along which we travel from the
past to the future? That is the common assumption on which thought,
knowledge and the concept of history is based. It is Newton's absolute flow
of time and Einstein's relative fourth dimension. There is a problem though.
The past is a generally agreed upon series of events, while the future is an
infinite number of possibilities, fanning out from the present. According to
Relativity there is no absolute measure of time and since Quantum Mechanics
says circumstance is not entirely deterministic, many physicists propose
that multiple realities emerge whenever the laws governing the progression
of events are not deterministic. Schrodinger's Cat is both dead and alive.
Is nature really this inefficient? What if some basic logical error exists
in our thinking? There are natives of South America who think of the past as
being in front of and the future behind the observer. That is because their
frame is the event, not the observer. Something happens, is observed and
then is past. We, on the other hand, are a few degrees removed from this
basic reality. For us, time is that series of events recorded in our minds
and history books, so the future is in front of us and the past is behind.
Consider that if two physical entities collide, it creates an event. While
the material proceeds from past events to future ones, those events go the
other way, from being in the future to being past. What is the real
direction of time? Are we traveling this path from the past into the future,
or does the activity of what is present create a series of events which go
from being future potential to past circumstance? Does the earth travel the
fourth dimension from yesterday to tomorrow, or does tomorrow become
yesterday because the earth rotates? Is time really the basis of motion, or
simply an effect of it? If it is an effect, than time has more in common
with temperature, than space. Energy creates and replaces events. Time is
the measurement, not what is being measured and that is why it is relative
to the circumstances of the measurement.
There is no such thing as a dimensionless point in time, as that would
require a cessation of the very motion being measured. Such a state would
have a temperature of absolute zero. The reason light is described as
timeless is because it has no internal motion, since that would have to
exceed the speed of light in order to happen.
The past is information. The future is where the energy goes.
Reality is composed of energy manifesting structure and information. While
the energy is neither created or destroyed, its constant activity is
creating and consuming the information. The timeline of energy is from past
events to future ones, while the timeline for information and structure,
being created and consumed, is from future possibility to past circumstance.
While this structure is constantly evolving, it does so at varying rates, so
that change can be rapid or slow. As long as structures can absorb as much
or more energy as they lose, they continue to exist, but this requires
adapting to the information which the consumed energy manifests, whether it
is an organism eating food, or an institution adjusting to changes in the
larger culture. As institutions become more powerful, they tend to become
less adaptive and insular, while provoking external reaction. As long as
structures grow and adapt, the future is an evolving continuation of the
past. When they can no longer adapt, the future becomes a reaction to the
past. Evolution and revolution.
While our brains are of the physical reality that goes from past to future,
our minds are the record of events which scroll away into the past.
Eventually though, our lives are units of time that begin in the future and
ultimately recede into the past, as the larger process of life moves onto
the next generation.
This dichotomy is analogous to the top down order, vs. bottom up process of
Complexity Theory. Order is the linear information receding into the past,
while process is the non-linear energy expanding into the future. As with
cosmology, where the gravitational structure of matter is contracting, while
the various forms of energy expand.
Space, on the other hand, isn't simply three dimensions. Dimensions are
really just linear projections. Lines. Three dimensions are simply the
coordinate system of the center point. While relativity tried to model time
as an additional dimension, based on the narrative series, it did succeed in
showing that space cannot be considered an absolute three dimensional grid,
as the perspective is distorted from one point of reference to another. This
is evident in basic political terms, since everyone has their own view of
reality and they often clash, yet both points of view are serially coherent.
You could say the Arabs and Israelis use different coordinate systems to
define the same space. There is no universal perspective, as the more
universal a concept, perspective, or point of reference is, the more
generalized and inconsequential it is to any particular situation. It's the
infinite dimensionality which makes life dynamic, since there is no ultimate
pattern into which it can settle. The mind feeds on chaos and turns it into
order. Without that constant stimulation, it stagnates. Then again the
opposite effect is that if we cannot discern order in the chaos, we would
fall to pieces, intellectually and emotionally. That's why we constantly
make up stories and other explanations to piece together what we do not
understand, rather than just accept that we do not understand. We have to
move forward, or we will fall apart.
When you have large numbers of points moving about, the one concept which
does define the overall situation is temperature. The scalar level of
activity. In fact the same logic which uses the speed of light to say time
is a fourth dimension of space, could use a given amount of energy to say
temperature is an additional parameter of volume, since a change in the
volume of this energy would have a proportional effect on its temperature.
Volume and dimension are the scalar and vector of the vacuum, while
temperature and time are the scalar and vector of the fluctuation.
So time and temperature are actually quite similar, as emergent effects of
motion. They describe the conceptual dichotomy of narrative and the larger
network of activity from which we distill the narrative. This relationship
between temperature and time manifests in the two halves of the brain, with
the parallel processor of the right brain functioning as a thermostat, that
perceives the multiplicity of the present moment, while the serial processor
of the left side records the linear cause and effect of time, from which
rationality emerges.
Physics is trying to solve a problem arising from our intellectual distance
from reality, not a problem with reality. Other disciplines, such as
biology, neurology, computer sciences, etc. are working around this
conundrum in their own fashion.
Since thinking is conceptual reductionism, we tend to be focused on the
contrasts, rather than the connected medium. With morality, this is the
conflict between good and bad. The popular assumption is of a conflict
between two extremes, but the attraction to the beneficial and repulsion of
the detrimental is the primordial biological binary code, of which we are
complex manifestations. It evolves from the bottom up, rather than
proscribed from the top down. What is good for the fox, is bad for the
chicken, yet there is no clear point where the chicken ends and the fox
begins. Life is a bootstrapping process of creation and consumption, just as
time needs to consume information in order to create new information.
Success is being the foundation of what comes next, while failure is being
fodder for it. Both are necessary and all are part of the larger organic
process. While we like clear and easy answers, rather than hard and painful
truths, it should be remembered that between black and white are not just
shades of grey, but all the colors of the spectrum.
We think of God as an all-knowing absolute, but the universal state of the
absolute has no division and therefore is both everything and nothing, while
anything not absolute is relative to everything else so defined. The
distinctions of knowledge are relativistic feedback loops of information and
judgment. It is a process, not an object. The essence of interpersonal
morality, to treat others as you would have them treat you, is moral
relativism. A spiritual absolute would be the raw essence of consciousness
from which complex organisms rise, not an all-knowing moral ideal from which
humanity fell. When society does prescribe moral absolutes, it is often
contradictory, since the linear presumption is that if a little is good,
than a lot must be much better and if anything is at all bad, than it must
be all bad. There is no conceptual regard for reciprocity, reaction,
balance, laws of unintended consequences, silver linings, etc. Ambiguity is
derided and people are expected to line up with the good and against the
bad. The result is endless chaos as masses of people are herded around
complex situations by simple minded assertions of good and bad. The irony is
that relativism provides a much more comprehensive moral code, since one's
actions are weighed against the rest of the universe, as opposed to whatever
definition of God you happen to abide by. Karma means that for every action,
there is an equal and opposite reaction. What goes around, comes around.
Monotheism began as an idealization of social hierarchy and the wisdom of
elders, but it overlooks the more fundamental process by which society
regenerates this order, as each generation dies off and is replaced by the
next. The top down order is periodically replaced by bottom up processes.
Those higher up the evolutionary and social ladder are emergent layers of
evolution that depend on those below them, far more than those below depend
on those above. In fact, in nature, emergent levels tend to be predatory for
the purpose of controlling the growth of those they depend on, just as
emergent layers of society control those from which they rise. If they
succeed in destroying the health of those below them, then these higher
levels are no longer necessary.
It was polytheists who developed democracy, as tribes and cults interacted
and had to compromise, while monotheism gave us the divine right of kings.
It is necessary to have a common set of goals and standards for any group to
coexist, but it is more effective to have one built on a sensible foundation
of common goals, than one chasing after abstract ideals. That is because the
perfect is often the enemy of the good.
Polytheism weaves a tapestry out of individual threads, while monotheism
braids a rope out of individual strands. Each have a purpose.
Even though our religions remain monotheistic, our political institutions
are largely democratic because they need the ability to regenerate from the
bottom up, as old ways and leaders get stagnant and rigid. Now our social
hierarchies are not so much a matter of political power, but economic
weight, as wealth accumulates to those most adept at controlling the flow of
it. It is becoming increasingly obvious this situation is both unstable and
destructive to both society and the environment. The question is how to
institute a system which combines healthy bottom up growth, with effective
top down leadership and the ability to adjust both to changing
circumstances. The old system of adolescent greed and fear, constrained by
government regulation and protection, becomes less effective as the level of
economic and social complexity increases.
A potential solution might lay in a reconsideration of money, that
institution of collective trust on which our mass society is based.
Money functions as both a store of value and a medium of exchange. These
work at cross purposes, because as a store of value it is a form of private
property, while as a medium of exchange it is a form of public utility,
similar to a road system. Most people focus on their own wealth in
comparison to others and thus think of it as private property. The reality
is that the system belongs to whomever guarantees its value. We do possess
the money we hold, in the same way we possess the section of road we are
driving on. You own your car, house, business, etc, but not the roads
connecting them. Money is a similar medium. It was one thing when money
signified some commodity you had stored or traded and its value was entirely
based on that underlaying commodity, but now the money supply far exceeds
the underlaying value of the real economy and so its value is maintained by
the ability of the government to support it through taxation. This means it
has become an illusionary bubble of value into which ever more resources are
needed to support and so is only functional as a medium of exchange. While
this is potentially catastrophic, it presents an opportunity to change the
basic economic equation.
Believing money is private property encourages people to hoard it. The
problem is that capital is subject to the laws of supply and demand, with
the lender as supply and the borrower as demand. Since the supply of capital
must be balanced by demand for it, there must be sufficient borrowers for
this notational wealth, or its value will collapse. The problem is that
political power is on the side of those with money, rather than those
borrowing it and this lack of balance regularly creates situations which
swell the supply of money, while depleting the abilities of those borrowing
it. This results in periodic credit collapse, as masses of borrowers
default. We are at an extreme state of this particular situation, since the
government has borrowed massive amounts of its own money back, loan
standards were left in the dust and enormous bubbles of excess circulation
were blown up by the financial services industry to hold this surplus
notational wealth. Now that the bubble is collapsing and its value
evaporating, the powers that be are engaged in more destructive behavior by
issuing ever more debt and currency to keep the bubble from imploding. Since
the only way to prevent this additional money from being seriously
inflationary is to monetize ever more value out of society and the
environment in order to support and pay interest on it, to the increasing
detriment of world health. The situation is analogous to high blood
pressure. As bad debt clogs the arteries, increasing pressure doesn't clear
the clots, but damages healthy tissue and causes it to harden and burst in
weak points. When that happens, a person dies, but an economy flooded with
loose credit is distorted. In a Ponzi scheme, the money from later investors
is used to pay off earlier investors. When an asset bubble builds up, due to
easy credit, rather than improved earnings, the same thing happens, as later
investors pay earlier investors, then lose their investment when the well of
credulous investors dries up.
Paul Volcker is credited with curing inflation in the early 1980's, by
raising interest rates and reducing the flow of fresh credit into the
economy. While inflation may be caused by loose monetary policy, the effect
of higher rates is to reward those with money to lend, while punishing those
wishing to borrow it. So how did he cure an oversupply of money already in
the system, when his method of choice also significantly reduced demand for
it? The difference between the Federal Reserve selling debt it is holding
and the Treasury issuing fresh debt, is that while the Fed retires the money
it collects, the Treasury uses the money it gets to fund public spending.
Public spending doesn't compete with the private sector and generally funds
projects that enable increased private investment. So not only does this
deficit spending directly provide demand for credit, but has a multiplier
effect in the private sector, by increasing both its size and profitability.
Suffice to say, the rapidly increasing deficits of the early 1980's had a
significant effect on bringing the supply of credit in line with demand for
it. The reason a surplus of money increases the expense of borrowing it is
because the tendency is to spend it, rather than lend it, so there is
actually a shortage of money to borrow and the cost goes up. At the time,
economists were concerned that increased government deficits would further
raise interest rates for the private sector, but the opposite happened and
rates came down. The supply of money is potentially infinite. The issue is
keeping it in line with demand, so that its value is stable and people are
willing to lend it at nominal interest rates. Or spend it chasing asset
values upward, which is often just another form of inflation.
Government debt is in fact one of the primary sources of demand for capital.
Just think for a moment where all the money that all the governments of the
world borrow would be invested otherwise? The stock market? Real estate?
Derivatives? Emerging markets? Now that the economy is distressed and many
are buying government debt as a safe investment, rather than houses or
pets.com, this public debt has become the biggest bubble of all. Will it
pop, like the dot com and housing bubbles? Can the government pay it back?
Well, that depends on how its tax receipts do. Need I say more?
Consider how it would change public perception of monetary wealth, if we
were to come to the realization that the monetary system really is now
entirely a form of public commons? The practice of hoarding excessive
amounts would lack logical justification, so savings would be taxed
progressively. This is not to discourage individual effort, but a necessary
recognition of the effect of excess savings on a functioning monetary
system. Too much of a good thing isn't always good. If people understood
monetary value constituted public property, than they would be far more
reluctant to drain value out of their social networks and environment to put
in a bank in the first place. We all like having roads, but there is little
inclination to pave more than we need. In this situation, the same would
apply to monetizing our lives. Other avenues of trust and reciprocation
would have the space to develop, which would strengthen communities and
their relationship to the environment.
Political power started as private initiative and eventually grew into
monarchy. Monarchists railed against mob rule, but we eventually learned how
to make it a public trust by allocating power where it was most responsive.
Why not do the same with the banking industry? As the currency is a public
utility, so profits from its administration could be public income. A public
banking system would not be one huge behemoth, but consist of institutions
incorporated at every level of governance, so that individuals could bank
with the ones which funded the services they are most likely to use.
Different communities would seek to provide the best services with these
funds, otherwise they would lose business and citizens to other communities.
As it is, banking doesn't need the inventiveness for which private
enterprise is most suited, but the stability that is the strength of the
public sector. Those running this financial system seem to think they have
the right to drain off as much as they can, with other business leaders
feeling the need to follow. What if the police, military, courts, etc. felt
they had the same rights to exploit their responsibilities? When that
happens, it's not a pretty picture.
The lack of extreme amounts of monetized wealth might also reduce the
potential for bloated regimes to develop. There will always be economic and
political convection cycles of rising influence and power, which eventually
cool off and settle back down after a few generations and in many ways that
is healthy and normal, but what we have now is an economic hurricane that is
sucking wealth out of the entire world as monetary abstraction has
metastasized into this enormous bubble of illusionary value. Given the state
of the world, it is a crisis we can't afford to waste.
The only unit which fully defines humanity and life is the earth. Possibly
humanity is the embryonic central nervous system of a planetary organism.
Otherwise we are just top predator of a collapsing ecosystem.
Matt Boggs

@_date: 2009-07-26 12:38:17
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Process is the Product (Michel Bauwens): correct 
Fascinating stuff.
I actually knew a few of the 'Psychick Youth [sic]. TOPY' crew. They still
exist though mostly in the Pacific Northwest.

@_date: 2009-11-21 20:03:12
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How (not) to resolve the energy crisis 
Increasing the share of renewable energy will not make us any less dependent
on fossil fuels as long as total energy consumption keeps rising. Renewable
energy sources do not replace coal, oil or gas plants, they only meet (part
of) the growing demand. The solution is simple: set an absolute limit to
total energy production. Why should we not be able to cope in 2030 with the
amount of energy we consume today? More at the link:
[Matt Boggs]

@_date: 2009-11-24 12:40:37
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Perhaps a stretch on P2P but...Pathways of Desire: 
Streets and sidewalks the P2P way....
[Matt Boggs]

@_date: 2009-10-21 12:14:15
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barter software update 
So, I've been talking to one of the founders of the oldest barter software
in the US and almost as old as the Weir system.
Like the Weir, it is a closed system but, it seems to do some amazing things
and the founder lives here in Colorado. I had a five hour chat with this
gentleman by the name of Gary Lasater and he seems to really like the idea
of a bottom up approach I am taking rather than the B2B both of these
systems currently cater to. Any comments or suggestions from you all would
be greatly appreciated in helping me make an educated decision. I will be
doing a live demo with him soon as well.
Links:  or Gary is available to also chat with any of you. He has a very accessible
contact list.

@_date: 2009-10-21 22:24:58
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Caught In A Machine That Grinds Us Up 
I describe here a destructive, unsustainable system that creates company-
and society-breaking machines. These exist because of the economic and
social incentives that our government has set up and we allow to stay in
place. Breaking unions, stealing pensions, outsourcing jobs and squeezing
customers all depend on government not enforcing laws and regulations -
especially labor, consumer and environmental rules. (The last
administration's Labor Dept actually gave advice on how to break unions.) As
long as we let the economic incentives call us "costs" and getting rid of us
"efficiency" this will continue.
Certainly there is no incentive at the top to stop this. This system helps a
wealthy few get ever wealthier and do not feel the consequences. The people
who do this are celebrated as "successful." And if they don't like the
resulting devastation to the economy, community, country and world they can
just hop into their private jet or yacht to retire to their private island
or tax haven.
Of course, in the last year we have seen that this was not a sustainable
system. The economy collapsed because everyone in the system - the workers,
consumers, companies, banks, Wall Street - all hit the limits of how much
debt you could pile on our backs. But we haven't started to make any changes
in the design of the system, or in the machines that unsustainably grind up
our companies, workers, customers and country. And we haven't changed the
ideology and rationalizations used to justify destroying lives and companies
and our long-term prospects for short-term profits for a few.
But imagine if instead we put in place economic and social incentives that
set up a sustainable system with company-making machines that direct all of
this capital and energy toward building good companies that serve all of our
interests. Call them "green machines." What if we set things up so people
could get rich doing this instead? Then people would create green machines
that would grind through the economy, finding companies and transforming
them into businesses that serve their customers and communities, creating
rewarding and fulfilling jobs in stimulating and enjoyable work
environments, and building a better future for all of us.
[Matt Boggs] Source link:

@_date: 2009-10-22 09:46:32
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barter software update 
In my long chat with Gary, we both looked at the historical model of
published LETS systems since the '80s and some other similar systems. We
concluded that in these  'paticipatory economies', the core group
(administrators, etc) would burn out after the membership reached 300-500.
We also concluded that creating connected 'pods' of 3-500 would keep the
system going but still be under one main database. Has anyone looked at the
links to the barter system yet that Gary runs ?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, October 22, 2009 9:24 AM
Lietaer; Jean-Fran?ois Noubel; Georg Pleger; michael linton
On Wed, Oct 21, 2009 at 11:06 PM, Michel Bauwens This caught my eye. Got me thinking about when and where there might be
needs for scaling beyond a local community, and how an flexible architecture
and governance for community to community systems might realistically look.
I am partly of the opinion that LETS may not really need to scale, and if it
reaches the point where it needs to, I wonder what a commons maintaining
route might be for moving forward?
Sam Rose
Social Synergy
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human ambition."
- Carl Sagan

@_date: 2009-10-23 16:55:08
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barter software update 
I am most certainly up for a live chat on this and could even have Gary
Lasater chime in as well. He seems like a decent knowledgeable fellow.
I believe in the 'pod' system. It is no different than different districts
or precincts in local police forces as a good example.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, October 23, 2009 3:32 PM

@_date: 2009-10-23 21:20:02
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barter software update 
That would be great, 11AM mountain, correct ?
Sent: Friday, October 23, 2009 8:53 PM

@_date: 2009-09-02 09:17:40
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michel; A question 
But first, a little bit about me:
I live in downtown Denver Colorado and have just recently secured a decent
sized warehouse with a 15,000 sq. /ft. lot suitable for growing. My partners
at this space include very talented hardware engineers, a Horticulturist,
specialized tradesmen (welder, fabrication, etc.) and myself. I put this
group together to explore various sustainability studies, engineering and
reengineering ideas. The 'soul' of these studies is rooted in the P2P
Foundation and the betterment of my community. My first goal is to focus on
a small group of members (300-500) of 'mostly' people I know to be
sympathetic to what I'm doing (I am not new to community building). Before
the group gets too big, I would create another 'chapter'. Each chapter would
be free\encouraged to communicate\exchange with each other. To start, our
first production studies will include; a large greenhouse, a biodiesel
facility, a walk-in cooler for EG (Excessive Goods that are not for resale).
We will also set up educational workshops on these topics and their
associated components. Future near term projects include solar, algae
production, byproducts from biodiesel\greenhouse, micro gardening, open
source hardware modules and a good deal of hacking items into other things.
And now my question; I would like to accomplish these tasks with a minimal
amount of money. There will always be 'hard costs' but I feel this project
will be incomplete without the inclusion of some sort of organized system
like LETS, which I know you are familiar with. Why does the P2P Foundation
not start a non-money system? God knows, I've seen some great ideas shared
on the P2P list over the years. Here is what I envision: A social network (I
know you dislike that word) like MySpace, but includes a person's social
currency value. That value, in the form of; what I can do and what I've done
for the community would be displayed as a graph. I would also throw in a
little bit of Craigslist as well for good measure while keeping the concept
of federal dollars out and social\time dollars in. I believe the fastest way
to educate the people on P2P (bottom up) is getting them comfortable with a
system that is familiar but different enough to subtly change their mindset.
Anyway, Michel, I've wanted to write this note for some time. I figured now
was the best, as I've put both feet into this new project.

@_date: 2009-09-03 10:36:02
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michel; A question 
I am emboldened by your kind and positive words of encouragement. The space
I am setting up in can be seen on Google Maps at the location: 3930 Blake
St. Denver, CO. It's an outdated picture but you can plainly see the
potential. Right now we are simply unloading equipment and building walls
and infrastructure. Next weekend I'll be attending the 'Slow Money'
Conference in Sante Fe NM. If there is interest from the group, I'll report
on it.
Lastly, I'll be sending personal and detailed notes to all of you who have
personally shown an interest as well as potential contacts that Michel has
mentioned to me. I look forward to a speedy and positive progress to this
project that has been on my mind for some time.
Thanks again,

@_date: 2009-09-03 22:13:54
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michel; A question and some responses 
.         Michel: I will indeed add/use P2P explicitly in my project name,
to indicate the linkage. Why would I not? J Also, regarding eCars; we have a
full time master mechanic in house that will be converting generators\cars
to run on biodiesel as well as DIY workshops. While electricity is the way
to go, it is too new for most people. We will experiment with fuel
cell\battery technology eventually. Our next door neighbor is Car-Go Battery
( and they seem very open to our goals. I like the
term 'Godfather' or better yet, 10 godfathers !
.         Nathan Cravens: I did look at Kew Bridge Eco Village. Interesting,
but, indeed spontaneous and therefore possibly unstable. I await your report
upon visiting the facility. Also, I like this quote you made to Sam Rose: 'A
global effort might be useful for what Paul referred to as
"stigmergic" development in another thread.   Model p2p money software
might be designed to be adopted by any local network that wanted to
use it, and to be built on a modular basis.' I think this to be the type of
mind shifting path to P2P emergence to the masses.
.         Sam Rose: You defiantly seem to have 'game' going and I do believe
there are many commonalities between our goals. Here are some responses:
Looked at Drupel, sounds good on paper but I like what Nathan had to say in
response. From your quote: 'We are currently missing a standard for LETS to
be used online'. Indeed we are, and I think that could be a very valuable
tool for the P2P Foundation to develop in tandem with Dmitri's online
endeavors. I have a programmer now working with me on creating a magnetic
strip card that can be adapted to be read from most POS systems to create
exchanges\credits with commercial vendors. And a response to this quote;
'LETS and P2P systems are not global, they tend to be more localized an
situational. So, it is best to work towards optimizing what you need for
your area and your project. If you use open standards and open source
software, others can replicate what you are doing, and adapt it to their
local conditions.' I couldn't agree more. The core failure I see from LETS
systems is that they get too large for the founders and create
disappointment\burnout. At the most basic level, P2P is person to person,
neighborhood to neighborhood, but, not global. I could see another
'Godfather' project for the Foundation as determining statistically when a
LETS pod needs to replicate before getting too big. My research has shown
300-500 max per pod. Of course, all pods are free to communicate\exchange
with each other. Globalism shouldn't come from top down but from many small
but communicative groups. Well, that's it for now; we unloaded a large truckload of old commercial
refrigeration panels today to be re-serviced as interlocking partition
walls. They look quite spiffy when a circular grinder polishes them up and
they each have three to five inches of foam insulation between the steel
frames. When it comes time to move, you simply 'unlock' and stack them. They
are also very structurally sound enough to support a roof structure. I'm
Thanks for reading and responding,

@_date: 2009-09-05 11:45:10
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michel; A question and some responses 
A Google search of 'Bernard Lietaer ' brought up a Wikipedia bio saying that
he resides and teaches in Boulder, Colorado. Less than an hour from my
location. Is Bernard Lietaer aware of P2PF ? Needless to say, a man of this
caliber, backing\participating in a P2P open currency system would be
marvelous. Bernard Lietaer + P2P + a real world local scenario to develop
and operate an open currency system sounds like a winner. If this were all
to pan out, I am very positive I can get healthy funding from private of
city government sector.
Awaiting any info,

@_date: 2009-09-07 21:11:25
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the Cuban agricultural revolution 
A friend 'snuck' me into Cuba many years ago while I was vacationing in
Florida one winter, long fun story, but to the point:
I made easy friends while I was there who spoke English. I got the nickel
tour when I asked them how they managed to feed everybody. Gardens
everywhere, some permaculture practices, though I was not aware of the term
until recently. Same went for meat production. I went into what looked like
a high rise apartment building. Inside, they had three types of animals;
chickens, rabbits and hamsters. I think the rabbits were on the top of the
food chain and then what they crapped out was funneled down to the chickens
to eat who then in turn, crapped out the hamster meal...minimal waste. I may
have a documentary somewhere about Cuba's food production but I'm not
finished unpacking at the new place :-)
Message: 3
Not me, but sounds interesting if it is online?

@_date: 2009-09-08 08:34:09
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the Cuban agricultural revolution 
Shit chain, indeed J quite real and not entirely unique to Cuba. I'm pretty
sure the rabbits were on the top of the chain now getting some kind of
Once I've settled in the new space, I'll find and upload a documentary I
have on Peak Oil that uses Cuba as an example of what could happen
elsewhere. In the documentary, they go into the agri\shit chain\lifestyle
Sent: Tuesday, September 08, 2009 1:47 AM
The one I've seen:
Doesn't go into a lot of specifics, just a general overview.  Doesn't
mention the animal shit-chain you summarized, which seems pretty
Why is there only this one video on Cuba's "Special Period" and
transformation?  The world has a severe documentation problem.  Also, if
Bill Mollison thinks permaculture is so vital to our future, why is his book
not free online, with people building upon it, and testing it?  Instead, you
can't get it easily for under 75 bucks, and I haven't seen any real science
on the topic.
Thankfully, Wikipedia and Instructables have laid the groundwork for what we
need badly: documenting by interns, exchange students, retired persons, and
anyone on a visit to somewhere interesting.  Anthropologists for the
information commons.

@_date: 2009-09-08 08:35:38
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the Cuban agricultural revolution 
Shit chain, indeed J quite real and not entirely unique to Cuba. I'm pretty
sure the rabbits were on the top of the chain now getting some kind of
Once I've settled in the new space, I'll find and upload a documentary I
have on Peak Oil that uses Cuba as an example of what could happen
elsewhere. In the documentary, they go into the agri\shit chain\lifestyle
Sent: Tuesday, September 08, 2009 1:47 AM
The one I've seen:
Doesn't go into a lot of specifics, just a general overview.  Doesn't
mention the animal shit-chain you summarized, which seems pretty
Why is there only this one video on Cuba's "Special Period" and
transformation?  The world has a severe documentation problem.  Also, if
Bill Mollison thinks permaculture is so vital to our future, why is his book
not free online, with people building upon it, and testing it?  Instead, you
can't get it easily for under 75 bucks, and I haven't seen any real science
on the topic.
Thankfully, Wikipedia and Instructables have laid the groundwork for what we
need badly: documenting by interns, exchange students, retired persons, and
anyone on a visit to somewhere interesting.  Anthropologists for the
information commons.

@_date: 2010-04-06 16:44:04
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Great article by Shirky: What "people must pay for 
Clay Shirky's latest broadside, "The Collapse of Complex Business Models," is as incandescent as ever. It's a thoughtful and provocative piece on the way that "high quality" products (which are also complex and expensive) reach diminishing returns, where they are being made ever-more complex without any rise in value, because the institutions that made them don't know how to be less complex. It's a great commentary on walled gardens, paywalls, and the reflexive entertainment industry sneer that YouTube is made out of nothing but priceless pirated media and worthless videos of cats. The Collapse of Complex Business Models

@_date: 2010-04-09 14:23:28
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What if, globally speaking, 
I believe we were all discussing this a month or so ago:

@_date: 2010-04-21 22:39:52
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The 'Ning Thing' and why it is so important 
Not one to be very verbose on this group but short and sweet; if 'the cool
kids' can figure out the direction to go with an alternative to Ning that is
collectively in the spirit of 'P2p' Then I count that as I milestone. Of
course I will support and help in any way I can with implementation when it
looks like it's getting close.

@_date: 2010-04-27 13:11:05
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Story of Your Enslavement 
Presented well and perhaps an inspiration for a similar P2P video.

@_date: 2010-08-02 20:59:40
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New laws in Michigan 
Michigan's newest laws relating to the sale of home grown foods. I haven't
had time to keep up with it, but my fellow growers there seem to be very
happy with it.
This afternoon, Gov. Jennifer Granholm is to sign into law two cottage food
operation bills that will allow individuals to make or package certain foods
in their kitchens instead of having to use a commercial food operation as
they do now.
Baked goods, jam and jellies, candy, vinegar, dried fruit, herbs and mixes
made in your kitchen could all be sold publicly provided they are properly
labeled to reflect that they are homemade and identify all ingredients under
guidelines provided by the state.
The new measures will allow people to sell their goods publicly at farmers
markets, roadside stands, county fairs, flea markets and festivals without a
state Department of Agriculture license. An individual residence could make
up to $15,000 gross annually from such sales, which could help some families
with good bakers and cooks make ends meet or spur the creation of

@_date: 2010-08-02 22:52:16
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New laws in Michigan 
Yeah, I figured Sam would be especially pleased. Let's hope this is the
beginning of a national trend.
Sent: Monday, August 02, 2010 9:58 PM
hi Matt, this is superb news, and I would welcome any report on it for our
blog ...
Michigan's newest laws relating to the sale of home grown foods. I haven't
had time to keep up with it, but my fellow growers there seem to be very
happy with it.
This afternoon, Gov. Jennifer Granholm is to sign into law two cottage food
operation bills that will allow individuals to make or package certain foods
in their kitchens instead of having to use a commercial food operation as
they do now.
Baked goods, jam and jellies, candy, vinegar, dried fruit, herbs and mixes
made in your kitchen could all be sold publicly provided they are properly
labeled to reflect that they are homemade and identify all ingredients under
guidelines provided by the state.
The new measures will allow people to sell their goods publicly at farmers
markets, roadside stands, county fairs, flea markets and festivals without a
state Department of Agriculture license. An individual residence could make
up to $15,000 gross annually from such sales, which could help some families
with good bakers and cooks make ends meet or spur the creation of
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2010-08-09 09:21:30
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] more on Josiah Warren; 
Josiah Warren
1874   Death of Josiah Warren
  (b. date unknown, 1798
 ), American reformer, inventor,
musician, printer, typographer, author (
 True Civilization; Equitable Commerce; Manifesto
 , written at Robert Owen
 's community, New Harmony
 ).
He was a co-founder, with Stephen Pearl Andrews
  (1812
  - '86
 ), of  Modern Times
  community. Warren is sometimes called "the
first individualist anarchist
  in America".
 , Warren published The Peaceful
Revolutionist  , arguably
the first anarchist paper in the world. Philosopher John Stuart Mill
 , an admirer of Warren, in
his Autobiography adopted Warren's phrase, 'sovereignty of the individual
 '.
"He took an active part in Robert Owen's communistic experiment at New
Harmony, Indiana, in 1825-'6, and was so discouraged by its failure that he
was on the point of abandoning any further attempt in that direction when,
as he said, 'a new train of thought seemed to throw a sudden flash of light
upon our past errors, and to show plainly the path to be pursued.' He
forthwith gave up the idea of maintaining a communal system of society, and
sought to attain the same ends through individual sovereignty. He held that
the proper reward of labor was a like amount of labor, and elucidated his
theory by a supposition. 'If I am a bricklayer, and need the services of a
physician, an hour of my work in bricklaying is the proper recompense to be
given the physician for an hour of his services.' He proved the sincerity of
his belief in this idea by establishing what was known as the 'time store'
in Cincinnati, Ohio, which he conducted with fair success for two years,
giving and receiving labor-notes in transactions with his customers. He
propounded his theories in a work entitled the 'True Civilization,' and some
of his views elicited the commendation of John Stuart Mill."   Source
"Josiah Warren and Stephen Pearl Andrews were brilliant and idealistic men,
social reformers whose dream was to create a utopia where everyone would
live in harmony, where profit would be a dirty word and absolute personal
freedom ? including ``free love' ? would be the ultimate goal.
"So it was almost 150 years ago that Warren and Andrews founded Modern
Times, a social experiment that occupied, for a volatile 13 years, the land
that now is part of Brentwood. Short-lived though it was, Modern Times left
its mark as a place whose time had not yet come: Its maverick residents, who
never numbered more than 150, were free to cohabit with or without marriage.
To be sure, this was what gave the place its reputation as a 'Sodom of the
pine barrens,' but it was only part of what Modern Times was about. The
village operated harmoniously for several years without police, courts or
crime. All residents were allowed total personal freedom as long as their
actions hurt no one else. Food, clothing, land and housing ? all the
necessities ? were sold at cost."   Source
Warren was cited in the article on Anarchism
  by none other than Prince Peter Kropotkin
  in the famed 1910 edition of
The Encyclopaedia Britannica. Others Kropotkin cites include Stephen Pearl
Andrews  , Lysander Spooner
 , Benjamin Tucker
 , Herbert Spencer
 , Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
 , August Spies
 , Albert Parsons
 . Kropotkin adds: "anarchism
is connected with all the intellectual movement of our own times. J. S. Mill
 's Liberty, [Herbert]
Spencer  's Individual versus
the State, Marc Guyau's Morality without Obligation or Sanction, and
Fouill?e's La Morale, I'art et la religion, the works of Multatuli (E.
Douwes Dekker)  , Richard
Wagner  's Art and
Revolution, the works of Nietzsche
 , Emerson
 , W. Lloyd Garrison
 , Thoreau
 , Alexander Herzen
 , Edward Carpenter
  and so on; and in the
domain of fiction, the dramas of Ibsen
 , the poetry of Walt Whitman
 , Tolstoy
 's War and Peace, Zola
 's Paris and Le Travail".
"On May 18, 1827, an historic date, he opened a little general store at the
corner of Fifth and Elm Streets in Cincinnati. He called it the Equity
Store, but as soon as people found out about it, this became the most
popular retail business in the city, and was known because of its method of
computing price as the 'time store.' Price was based on the principle of
equal exchange of labor, measured by time occupied and exchange with other
kinds of labor. All goods were marked with their cost plus overhead, usually
about four percent. It was, incidentally, the first self-service business.
The customer selected what he wished, brought it to the counter, the clerk
computed the time spent in service, and the customer gave a labor note, 'Due
to Josiah Warren on demand, thirty minutes in carpenter work, John Smith'
or, 'Due to Josiah Warren on demand, ten minutes in needlework, Mary
Brown.'"   Source:
Communalism, by Kenneth Rexroth
World's First Continuous Sheet Press "About this time he found that in order to build such a press as he
contemplated and his ambition dictated, it was necessary for him to go to
Cincinnati so that he could have his work done, and sometime in March he
went to Cincinnati, taking me with him. He soon had his work room for the
iron work and machinery, also cabinet shops, office and printing office for
job work such as business cards, advertisements, etc. The writer, then only
13 years of age, did the typesetting and card-printing; this work was done
on one of my father's job presses. The building where this work was done,
and where the first continuous sheet press was ever built and worked, was in
the middle of the magnificent block facing the splendid fountain on Fifth
Street. The block at that time was considered a splendid structure, being
two stories high. "The work of building the press progressed rapidly for those times, and job
printing was carried on by the writer. Finally the great and beautiful press
was finished, and fully tested. It proved capable of striking off from forty
to sixty copies per minute?an achievement in printing never before heard of
or imagined. As it was the intention to use this mammoth press for the
presidential campaign of 1840 as soon as it had been thoroughly tested, this
magnificent printing press was placed on board the steamboat Rover on New
Year's Eve, 1840 ? I shall never forget that night.
Moving the Press to Evansville "It was cold, and a terrible wind, snow and a hail storm [were] in full
blast as we pulled out from the wharf. As the Rover was the last boat which
was expected to leave for some time, she was well crowded with passengers.
It got colder and colder, and the ice was forming rapidly. Finally we cut
our way to shore several miles from Madison, Indiana, or 57 [miles] above
Louisville. "In the morning we were informed by the Captain that the prospects were very
flattering for a starve-out or a walkout of seven miles to Madison, and all
hands started on a dismal walk through the snow, the beautiful snow. We made
the trip, got to Louisville, stayed three days, and it kept freezing harder.
As no stages were running, my father made arrangements to go in a sleigh,
got up at 4 A.M., took the sleigh, rode three hours, stopped for breakfast,
and finding we were nearly frozen, we concluded to walk the balance of the
way home?one hundred and seventy five miles. This distance we made on foot
in six and a half days to New Harmony. It took the Rover over two months to
do it [to Evansville], as she was icebound all that time."
Josiah Warren  , by his
son George W Warren (the enterprise was a $6,000 investment by the sons of New Harmony
  founder, Robert Owen
 )
Josiah Warren: A Bibliography
Josiah Warren Archive    Early progressives in the Book of Days
Example of Warren's Universal Typography
     New Harmony
Scientists, Educators, Writers
 & Artists
'The Free Love Movement and Radical Individualism', by Wendy McElroy
     Josiah Warren Project
     More

@_date: 2010-08-11 08:52:21
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the sticky-wiki mproblem 
Just a few small things to add to the discussion:
First of all, I can see both sides of this and my input is just to add a
little info to help make a decision.
WYSIWYG editors are great and I use them all the time, flipping from visual
view to HTML view. The problem seems that Media-Wiki does not have a true
WYSIWYG interface:
 This quote from the above link is key and I think distills this argument
down to the core:
'The problem is that any WYSIWYG editor would have to know wikitext grammar,
and no full grammar for wikitext exists - the "parser" doesn't parse, it's a
twisty series of regular expressions. So present WYSIWYG editors either have
to (a) reverse-engineer as much of a grammar as they can, or (b) forget
wikitext and just write HTML.'
I hope you two can work this out.

@_date: 2010-08-12 09:25:36
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My last two cents on the Wiki Showdown 
I have been reluctant to opine on this battle because it is my nature to
fully look at both sides and actually try to personally play the role of
each side either in my head or in process. Michael, as the founder of all
this, you certainly have the final word and my support. If it were not for
you, I would not have stumbled upon this foundation over three years ago. On
the other hand, as a 'techie' type, I can see where Alex wants to go. I've
never wrote on the Wiki until a few days ago. I signed up and attempted to
create an article trying to use a simple workflow of a 'non-techie'. It was
not a pleasant experience. I then tried the WYSIWYG rich text editor. While
solving some problems (stripping articles of all tags), it was horrible for
putting in an article that did have hyperlinks. I tried my personal workflow
on the Wiki and did not like it any better. I tried to find a conversion
tool that would keep my precious hyperlinks and tagged diagrams and it just
looked like a mess. Now Michael, I'm going to assume you are much better at
inputting code into the Wiki than I. If not, well I see the problems. Here
is an example:
On the 8th of August I sent you and the list an article on Josiah Warren.
The list got a sloppy version because Yahoo Groups cannot translate it.
Michael got a really nice article with pictures and a wealth of links to
explore if you wished. Here are my concluding thoughts: Alex and Michael need a break from each
other. Alex needs better social skills to enunciate his goals on the Wiki. I
do not think of Alex as an evil Sith Lord attempting to overthrow Michael
'Wan Kenobi'. I do think Alex is having a hard time being human to  Michaels
through his 'Darth Vader' get up though, and needs to realize that if
Michael wants to write straight text articles without the benefit of
tagging, let him. Content is king. Michael, the code is important. It allows
your work to gain a power of magnitude you may not realize. It is not the
dark side and can be your friend. As a graphic example anyone can
understand; Remember the talk about that software PersonalBrain ?. Well, I
looked at it and it does have a steep learning curve. But, if you look at
the examples of skilled users, you can see the obvious benefits it has. The
P2P Wiki, can be brain like as well with all that (invisible) code making it
easy for the masses who will never appreciate what's 'under the hood' but
sure will love the convenience of it omg ! invite all their friends to check
it out kinda thing. PS I hope Alex does not get banned from the group like that 'other IPhone
app' guy a year or two ago (he brought in some good discussions before going
ballistic). I hope Alex just backs down in silence and let Michael do his
work in the way he likes. And, some day, the foundation will be able to hire
Alex or someone like him to plop all that code in full time, transparent to
Michael.

@_date: 2010-08-15 02:02:05
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] re-New Town - Sustainable Urban Housing & Community 
The MIT school of Architecture released  a 57 page magazine\report on
sustainable urban housing and communities. It was a fascinating read. So
much so that if there is interest, I can scan it to PDF for those interested
as I do not know how I can get any more copies (I could host it for download
on my server). This report covers the years 2030-2050 speculation on urban
housing trends and contains quite a few P2P trends.

@_date: 2010-08-15 09:25:44
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] re-New Town - Sustainable Urban Housing & 
Below is the download link to the scanned MIT report. Enjoy !
Direct Download: Preview:

@_date: 2010-08-30 10:13:12
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Creative Commons and sharing 
"Creative Commons has published an extensive interview with Lewis Hyde,
author of the modern classic 'The Gift: Creativity and the Artist in the
Modern World
 ' and a
brand new, deeply historical book on the cultural commons, 'Common as Air:
Revolution, Art, and Ownership
 '." It is surely the case that the GPL has antecedents in gift cultures. As I
explain in The Gift, one old ethic asks that gifts be "kept in motion"; they
ought to be passed along in the same spirit with which they were received.
Put another way, in a gift culture one is not supposed to capitalize on the
generosity of others or of the community. That said, such ethics belong to custom rather than law; the wit of the GPL
was to give legal footing to the gift ethic of the software community. As
for antecedents in that line, I note in Common as Air that I found one other
example of a gift norm that got grounded in law: Pete Seeger and his friends
secured the copyright on "We Shall Overcome," then set up a trusteeship to
donate the money earned to support "African-American music in the South."
That trusteeship has a "claim and release" structure not unlike the one
built into the later GPL. As for links between the Creative Commons license suite and my sense of
copyduty, I'm not sure these need be limited to the "Share Alike" option.
Many are the duties that arise from a person's sense of both self and
community. One might, for example, feel a duty to contribute to the public
domain with no strings attached, in which case "copyduty" would be best
expressed by the CC0 tool. That was Benjamin Franklin preferred mode, by the
way. He believed that any claim to own his ideas and inventions could only
lead to the kind of disputes that "sour one's Temper and disturb one's
Quiet." He never took a patent or registered a copyright. Lewis Hyde, author of Common as Air: Revolution, Art, and Ownership

@_date: 2010-08-30 10:25:10
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Update on Diaspora: 
If you are not familiar with this awesome project that I have posted here

@_date: 2010-12-13 16:17:51
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is open diplomacy possible? 
Bioethicist Peter Singer   has a thought-provoking piece on Wikileaks' Cablegate, in which he discusses The Treaty of Versailles  , one of the most notable pieces of secret diplomacy. Since the treaty bore substantial responsibility for several of the conditions that led to World War II, Singer says "it has a fair claim to being the most disastrous peace treaty in human history." He brings up points both pro and con:
Openness is in this respect like pacifism: just as we cannot embrace complete disarmament while others stand ready to use their weapons, so Woodrow Wilson's world of open diplomacy is a noble ideal that cannot be fully realized in the world in which we live.
We could, however, try to get closer to that ideal. If governments did not mislead their citizens so often, there would be less need for secrecy, and if leaders knew that they could not rely on keeping the public in the dark about what they are doing, they would have a powerful incentive to behave better.
Is open diplomacy possible?

@_date: 2010-02-15 12:06:45
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Space: The Final Frontier of Profit? or P2P ? 
Government agencies have dominated space exploration for three decades. But
in a new plan unveiled in President Barack Obama's 2011 budget earlier this
month, a new player has taken center stage: American capitalism and
entrepreneurship. The plan lays the foundation for the future Google, Cisco
and Apple of space to be born, drive job creation and open the cosmos for
the rest of us. More here: <

@_date: 2010-02-21 10:45:57
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
Now here's something I know a bit about...
I had the luck 10 years ago to have very fast internet and a block of IP
addresses in my personal loft live\work space. There was none of the cloud
computing services offered at that time except for web-mail. As a computer
consultant and tinkerer, I had a full rack of computers and several
scattered around that were dedicated to things like music on my stereo and
movies on my projector. Later, friends would want me to share them and the
best thing available was FTP. The only streaming at the time was Shoutcast
for music, which I had set up as well. As for getting music\video from
others, my options were again FTP or newsgroups (now referred to as the
'Undernet'). Fast forward to 2010: The problems facing what Stephen Downes
suggest are as follows: first and foremost: Hardware\software failure. Your
personal server (PS) would need a hefty but not unreasonable system
requirement to compete with the ease of the 'cloud services'.  A PS needs
maintenance, sure, Microsoft has been working on a home PS for some time,
but, there are still lots of ways bad things can hurt your PS from the
outside if you don't maintain it. And lastly, people. The common man wants a
fuss free box they can simply plug in and out without a thought. Until
hardware prices come down and software becomes more self-aware, I don't see
a mass PS revolution. Add to that the ISPs will not be happy with all that
bandwidth moving about without any additional revenue from dedicated pipes.
Lastly, how would you index the information ? without an index, we go back
to the really old days of BBS and word of mouth. The PS for the home is not
an outlandish wish though, perhaps in 10 years if there is still an internet
as we know it.
Final thought: a peer based internet using an ISP backbone is certainly
possible and has been for a long time. Not only for sharing information but
for sharing memory and CPU cycles to tackle complex calculations or 3D
rendering. In addition, Peer based internet has other applications such as
TOR (for annoniminity). VOIP hardening (Skype uses this) and bit torrent
style secure backups where everyone has a piece of the backup so that if
chunks get lost, the swarm can regenerate the whole. I just feel it is still
in the realm of geeks at this time...still :-)

@_date: 2010-02-21 11:32:39
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Will big business privatize the monetary 
Excellent commentary Sepp, I look forward to digging into the Douthwaite
discussion further. Indeed, I believe the only way to keep big business out
but more realistically; stave them off for as long as possible, is to
empower each member of the local collective. Also, my very unscientific
research indicates that if you keep the local communities small enough, they
can react swiftly to threats to their system (pods no greater than 300-500).
So, empower the community via ownership ( I know that is a slick word, but
you know what I mean) and keep those communities small enough so that big
business would have to tackle many networks before it would be economically
feasible for them. Needless to say, open source software would have to be
the backbone of the technology that links the pods to other pods in the
Currently, I am experimenting with a proprietary trade system that is about
ready to launch. My first community will be industry specific in the state
of Colorado.
It will be a dues based closed system for now. Proprietary because it is the only way I can tie in bank accounts and
credit\debit cards securely.
Industry specific because I want to keep it simple and it has a revenue
model by which I can develop an open system for the community in the future.
Closed because I don't know what I'm doing and I'd rather have a sterile
environment right now and slowly open the spigot rather than facing
threats\obstacles I have not even imagined yet :-)
This initial experiment will follow two rules I mentioned above though. It
will empower the community albeit a local business community and it will be
agile; each pod would be no greater than 300.

@_date: 2010-02-21 16:00:32
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
Message: 11
I studiouly try to avoid using the cringe-indusing terms cloud computing or Web 2.0 myself.
Yeah, me too, I was only on my first cup of coffee and was too lazy to think
of anything else.
You did operate a 19" rack in your living space? Wasn't that a bit
on the noisy side? The only semi-silent racks are full of musical
I had two racks. It was a big loft, I'm pretty deaf anyway and during the
summer the swamp cooler was even louder.
ftp is still de rigeur in hardcore filesharing circles.
Usenet alt.binaries is still seeing lots of use.
That's what high availability and failover are there for. In
case of p2p high availability there's very little complexity.
Most people don't have any sort of localized failover mechanisms let alone
UPS.. The problem is putting trust in the service provider, and also
in the availability of your data. It's a no-brainer that your
provider will snoop you out and rat on you, and that there's no
accountability is case of total loss of data, or even transient
unavailability (even it's a commercial service).
You answered your own question.
Home NAS appliances do all these things for you. You can of course
roll your own, using FreeNAS, OpenFiler, and EON Storage.
Admittedly a decent (=fast) NAS will set you back around 600 EUR sans
But baseline NAS (PogoPlug) starts at around 100 EUR. Slow but usable
NAS is around 300 EUR.
These are either too expensive\constrictive\too slow\ or unsecure at this
We've got already people trying to evade deep packet inspection and Layer 7
traffic throttline, playing cat and mouse with the cheap providers (the
decent kind charge enough/provide decent data plans so that throttling
is unnecessary).
True, but even local ISPs keep the upstream bandwidth slow unless you pay up
for higher tier service with a block of IPs.
I think it's a reality for many people already. Home NAS is a booming
market. All I've seen was eDonky as any type of index back in the day and it was
awful, but, that would be great if it really is happening now for
individuals .
There will be still the Internet as we know it, and even if I have to
roll my own. I run my own "cloud" (uck, ptui), have my own networks,
my ISP is nothing but a (hostile, untrusted) transport layer.
Rolling your own would involve unrolling your own wire house to house as
well if things get nasty J
certainlyYou can do very decent meshes with Level 3 switches and FTTC/FTTH.
reason it's not being done is mostly because policy is easier to roll
out to the network core. You've got accounting and trust issues. You can't really sandbox code.
Because there's no p2p online currency (despite BitCoin & Co) there's no
way to cash in on services rendered to the community.
Skype is a corporation, hence not really p2p. Their software layer is subscriber to subscriber.
Check out Tahoe.
Geeks are always 10-20 years ahead of the mainstream. As Gibson said, the future's here, it's just not evenly distributed yet.
Very true, I guess we'll have to wait for the Hundredth Monkey threshold to
kick in.
Lastly, regarding Community owned ISPs:
These were all over the place less than 15 years ago in the US. Then they
were bought out or regulation had their pipes taken away.
VPS can most certainly be community owned. Better yet, purchase a dedicated
server that you own in a data center that does all the maintenance.

@_date: 2010-02-24 16:21:02
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Lessig is my hero 
Hope there are locations available to view this near you.
On February 25, 2010, Lawrence Lessig will deliver a talk on fair use and
politics in online video from Harvard Law School in Cambridge, MA. In
conjunction with the Cambridge event, the Open Video Alliance is also
supporting screenings in other cities around the world.
The Open Media Foundation, along with the Digital Media Studies program at
the University of Denver will be co-hosting a similar event at the Denver
Open Media studios, which will include Lessig's presentation followed by a
panel discussion. Panelists to include: Chris Coleman, Jonny 5, Laleh Mehran
and Derigan Silver.
Lessig's talk will explore copyright in the digital age and the importance
of the fair use doctrine for free expression on the Internet.
This event is free and open to the public; refreshments will be served.
Thursday, February 25th, 4:30-7:30pm. Open Media Foundation and the Denver
Open Media studios are located at 700 Kalamath Street.

@_date: 2010-01-06 10:04:35
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is barter taxable 
I hired a tax attorney for this one and her response (United States) is that
Bartering is called 'inputted income' and therefore taxable. However, that
tax can be offset by any expenses incurred during the transfer of said
goods\services. In selecting a bartering network software platform for my
NPO, I had to take this into consideration.
[Matt Boggs]

@_date: 2010-01-06 10:33:22
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Speaking of projects, I am in need of a NPO 
That has 501c3 status that is willing to mentor our projects. Specifically,
we would like to get a grant from an existing 501c3 NPO. I have been told
this is common for new Non Profits to get a leg to stand on. We have not
obtained our 501c status due to budget. Our core motto is sustainability.
Our particular projects are barter systems including 'blended currencies'
combined with sustainability studies (i.e. triple bottom line) for local
individuals and businesses. With the exception of the barter system, all our
projects are open source. Technologies include urban gardens, urban compost
with local restaurants,  distillation and biodiesel, aquaculture, and open
source hardware and software to make these technologies more efficient.
Whenever possible, we use recycled materials. We intend to be profitable
through consultations, workshops, and manufacturing. We have excellent pro
bono legal counsel as well. Any ideas ? we are struggling a bit right now
due to the cost of our facility and the time of year (end of 4th quarter,
holidays, cold weather).
[Matt Boggs]

@_date: 2010-01-11 00:29:42
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Burning Man's Gift Economy... 
The 'Burners' as they are called are a big part of my community. Colorado
has the 2nd largest population of Burning Man  'participants' in the world.
Nevada is 1st and San Francisco is a close third. I should be able to answer
any questions about this diverse group.
[Matt Boggs]

@_date: 2010-01-19 13:28:04
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog-roll 
Although not officially launched yet, the website for my NPO FREQ (Front
Range Educational Quorum) is live and being worked on
I am looking for submissions from you all, my peers, for the blog roll to
promote your sites that are related to sustainability, P2P culture, and open
source projects.
Also, If someone could redirect my blog currently on the P2P site under my
name (Matt Boggs) to this new site, that would be great as well.
Cheers, and Michel, please do get well soon.

@_date: 2010-07-06 13:16:49
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] about that whiskey... 
Ryan, I am in contact with our local whiskey puveyor:
My friends pretty much set them up when they started and have all the info
on US regulations and permits.
I'm also familiar with the Leopold brothers who are also here in Denver as
well as a sake manufacturer. two of these three establishments were set up
by my friends from the ground up.
Contact me if you need more info.

@_date: 2010-07-22 17:12:51
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Omega Gardens 
I really like those Omega Gardens that were on the open source world web
site. Anybody know how well they work ? If well, they would be a great
addition to any resilient community. Too bad the details in building one is

@_date: 2010-07-23 09:18:54
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] . A cloud backup for the internet 
I too share this concern. There are Senate meetings going on right now in
the US concerning the creation of an internet 'Kill Switch'. While doing R&D
for a major law firm, I came across various holographic backup systems
employing bit-torrent and par files. But, as previously mentioned, it would
take much resources to back up the internet.  What I've done, if the
internet were to go down is: Have a static IP and record important static
IPs The only way to truly kill the internet is cutting all the wires, If
there were a collapse, it would not be all at once (provided there is still
electricity) and the DNS servers owned by the US would go out first. Next, I
have terabyte's of data already stored on a bunch of external hard drives
(these are also backed up on DVD media). Lastly, get a ham radio license and
a radio...that was the 1st internet :-)
On another thread, I found this decentralized open source project quite
interesting...perhaps a replacement for Ning ?
cheers !

@_date: 2010-07-30 10:02:38
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Patrick Andersons proposal 
I like the thoughts you laid out on your recent blog post. Over the last
year, I have been looking at many alternate currency models and decided on
one that had a capacity to blend currencies at the user level while
generating income for the community as whole. While my intentions are good,
the 'how' was; how do you translate those profits to the community in a way
that shows their 'investment'. In solving that problem, solves another
problem; the voting system for what to do with that profit. I suppose, the
more transactional activity, the more 'votes' one can use (this would also
include purely barter transactions as well). The only abuse I can think of
in this system so far is example: two single moms bartering babysitting
services between each other at a ridiculous  hourly rate to generate more
'voting' points.

@_date: 2010-06-15 10:51:24
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homebrew Industrial Revolution: A 
Congrats on the new book ! Can't wait to read it. I posted to two of my

@_date: 2010-06-17 10:34:38
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] multiple gods and fluid identities 
Interesting article and theory. Are you familiar with Zakaria Sitchin ?
He claims that these 'gods' were extraterrestrials using communication
devices such as radio.
The man has written many books and is a verifiable scholar on the
translation of ancient text, specifically Sumerian of which there are many
thousands of tablets in existence. If you read some of your quotes again,
does it not sound like it is describing a 'broadcast' ? Does not
broadcasting yourself on television today create fluid identities ?
Just a random thought...

@_date: 2010-06-21 21:56:36
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
"The Supreme Court has ruled that human rights advocates, providing
training and assistance in the nonviolent resolution of disputes, can
be prosecuted as terrorists," said Georgetown University law professor
David Cole, who argued the case.
Passed along without further comment.

@_date: 2010-03-02 22:46:44
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How peering is changing the shape of the Internet 
Peering goes back to the earliest days of the Internet, when organizations
would directly connect their networks instead of paying yet another company
to route data traffic. Originally, the companies that owned the backbone of
the Internet shared traffic. In recent years, however, the practice has
increased to the point where some researchers who study the way global
networks are put together believe that peering is changing the fundamental
shape of the Internet, with serious consequences for its stability and
security. Others see the vast increase in traffic staying within a structure
that has remained essentially the same. What is clear is that today a significant portion of Internet traffic does
not flow through the backbone networks of giant Internet companies like AT&T
and Level 3. Instead, it has begun to cascade in torrents of data on the
edges of the network, as if a river in flood were carving new channels.

@_date: 2010-03-08 13:52:52
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1. Re: Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" 
My vote goes to monogamy.
Polyamorous just gets really old.
I do agree though that monogamy is on the decline. I feel that the cause for
the shift, at least in America is that people do not know how to naturally
create deep bonds with their fellow man\woman. In addition, people also feel
they don't have time to do so.
Just my two cents...

@_date: 2010-03-10 11:06:54
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] my baseline 2 cents on the meltdown (primarily 
1) employment is not going to recover to pre-great recession levels for at
least a generation, maybe more, in terms of % of people employed.  The late
Clinton economy is the best you or I will see in our working lives.
2) Politics will continue to be dominated by monied interests and that
dominance will increase, rather than decrease.  They will use their power to
fight over the shrinking pie, rather than to increase it, and will make any
real systemic restructuring of the economy essentially impossible.
3) a right wing "populist" will get in after Obama.  Since the only sort of
stimulus they can do is war stimulus, they will pick a war with someone.
Who, I'm not sure.   In economic terms they will have all the wrong
solutions to various real problems.
4) Under both Democrats and Republicans the deterioration of civil liberties
will continue.
5) Median standards of living will take at least a 20% drop within 10 years
or so.  Maybe more.  Not sure exactly when, but if anything, the % may be an
6) Resource nationalism will continue to rise as will 1/1 deals between
countries.  China has already restricted rare earth sales, for example.
Countries will start insisting on doing the value add in their own countries
rather than shipping raw materials overseas, if they have the ability to do
7) As state and local governments loose their ability to govern (a process
which will proceed in cycles), there will be cyclical of cuts in basic
services, including police, road repair, schooling and so on.  Get thee to a
very affluent neighbourhood, if you can.
 Entitlements will be cut, perhaps openly, perhaps through statistical
tricks, but it will be done.  There is a bipartisan consensus on this, and
when Republicans get in charge they will be able to find enough Dems to sign
off this time.  (If Obama can, he'll do it before then, but Republicans want
to use this against him.)
9)  There will be another major economic crisis, probably within 8 years.
In principle it could happen within a year, the timing depends on political
actions I'm not sure how to predict.  I consider this nearly inevitable.
10) I expect an end to the war on some drugs, because States are going to
want to tax the drug trade and need to.  Likewise the prison-industrial
complex is likely to suffer.  Its constituency is not as powerful as some
other important constituencies.
11) New Oh yes, I should mention that I expect an actual population decrease
when things get really bad, a la Russia's collapse.
In the longer term I expect severe water shortages, for both people and
crops, in large areas of the world including big chunks of the US, China and
India.  Climate instability will continue to increase, and in about 10 years
(according to a friend whose judgement has been good on this) various sinks
will be overloaded and we'll start seeing some really serious global warming
increases on top of the instability.  Expect food to be short and much more
expensive, expect inland areas to devolve back towards local manufacturing
and for megashops to start collapsing.  Expect coastal vs. inland to a big
division, until global warming starts wiping out coast areas.
Americans will put off cutting the military, I think, till they've gutted
virtually everything else.  I expect the military will probably win the
fight against financial interests when the moment comes, though we'll see.
There will be various break-points along the way, where decisions can be
made which will make a difference but I think it's close to impossible to
avoid a failed Obama presidency and a right wing backlash against that
Presidency.  Once the right wing fails, there will be another chance, a
slight one, to turn things around.

@_date: 2010-03-11 20:50:12
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FirstView PC607V Computer - an 'andy Android 
This  FirstView PC607V handheld computer runs on either Android or Windows CE and
apparently costs around $65.00 to make. The minimum spec says that's for
128MB of RAM, 2GB storage, 7 inch touchscreen, 3G SIM slot, WiFi, SD card
slot, speakers and two USB ports.
At that price, we're probably talking $95 retail, which is scary. Expect a
gazillion of these cheapo Chinese computers to hit the market this year and
next. Link:

@_date: 2010-03-12 10:21:48
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who is Wilbur ? 
And what kind of drama was it ?
The cool thing about trying to Google the answer was discovering the work of
Ken Wilbur, who happens to live here in Denver,

@_date: 2010-03-15 00:56:20
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Thorny Triangle: Cyber Conflict 
Ryan, your response to Athina made me think of this quote from Rushkoff at
SXSW this week:
if you're not a programmer, you're one of the programmed. If you're not able
at some level to alter your interfaces, to develop them to suit your own
needs, then you're fulfilling the needs of the interface creators. Filling
out your Facebook profile is creating an explicit consumer identity. That's
not necessarily a bad thing, but it's a thing...
and this quote at the same conference by Clay Shirky:
Behavior is just motivation filtered through opportunity.

@_date: 2010-03-16 00:08:18
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p example ? 
Author and Internet researcher Jonathan Zittrain   got hit with a mysterious but serious illness that doctors couldn't figure out. A friend created a blog (with Zittrain's identity veiled, for privacy) to crowdsource the investigation into why he was illin'?and it looks like they've figured it out. Zittrain is on the road to recovery, and is no longer in need of help finding out why  . Yay, internet, and yay, smart doctors  !

@_date: 2010-03-16 10:21:58
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] : Re:  The Thorny Triangle: Cyber Conflict 
Or rephrased; if you can't grow 'as' a carrot, you are not a
carrot\vegetable. Honestly though, I do see your point in the context of'
its easy making and commenting on these statements from the comfort of our
keyboards.' Even if we actually live by example to our peers, we are only
trickling down a little bit, but, I do still believe in the 100th monkey
theorem. Importantly, one might say: If you can't grow a carrot, you are a
vegetable. Access to land is prior to any and all of these questions,
which remain mere luxuries unless you can grow your own food for
survival - indeed, dabbling in these questions while people are being
evicted from their land all over the world to grow biofuel for
cyberspace electricity, extract minerals for conductors and cables and
so on, is a displacement act devoid of solidarity with those who suffer
the consequences of our little virtual playground.

@_date: 2010-04-30 22:14:42
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concerning wikiworld and its use of 
... and you're both northamerican.
This proves Michel DOES have a sense of humor.

@_date: 2010-05-18 10:34:14
@_author: Matt Boggs 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 31, Issue 35 
Running a personal mail server (at least in the United States) usually
violates the terms of use with your ISP. Yes, even if you buy a block of IP
addresses. Besides, Google Apps is free for the first 50 email addresses you
set up on your domain...more than enough for me and quite reasonable if you
need more. I'm all for decentralization, but I'm not going to risk
mission critical services on a home computer.

@_date: 2010-09-16 12:01:21
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Diaspora Developer Released 
Looking forward to playing with this as I hope it will revolutionize social

@_date: 2010-09-27 13:38:07
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OHR and MITRE 
I had a friend who worked for MITRE...spooky Military stuff.
