
@_date: 2008-02-20 23:13:37
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Arguments against generalizing copyright-less 
Greetings, everybody, and thanks to Michel for the interest in my
thoughts and the invitation to discuss them here. I had said I'd wait
a week to answer to finish other work, but the discussion is just too
interesting to wait.
Some general points before I answer in detail to some of your comments:
a) I have changed the subject because I don't think the one Michel
   used to present my article reflects its main point. I'm not saying
   that open/free doesn't apply to other content. I'm saying that the
   arguments usually brought to the table to say that copyright should
   be abolished altogether seem much less solid or general than
   advertised
b) I'd suggest to please read again  and
    before answering to the comments
   which follow.
c) Before answering, I've read all the messages in this thread so far,
   and I already knew all or almost all the counter-arguments. With
   all respect, I'm not really interested in knowing and investigating
   more about music and musicians. Not now, at least, and I'll dare to
   suggest that focusing there may not be the most effective strategy
   to fix copyright problems. I've published some thoughts about
   _copyright_, not about music and musicians. I have just been
   forced, you may say, to include music and musicians in the piece
   because that's just what I've often found repeated without enough
   analysis.
   Several things I've written may be summed up as "whatever the right
   thing to do about copyright is, maybe the idea that you can
   generalize to all creative activities what has been proved to work
   quite well for musicians is a myth, or at least it needs much more
   investigation to be accepted".
   Copyright or its abolition impact much more than music. Fixing this
   problem in a way that works wonders for musicians may be...
   suboptimal, much like fixing the problems created by proprietary
   software or software patents in a way and inside a mental framework
   (the GNU/FSF way and framework) made to order on the brains and
   interests of enthusiast programmers, that is of a tiny, terribly
   tiny minority of all computer users of today. I already knew that
   musicians can live well (if not better), without ever doing the
   "all rights reserved" thing, thank you. What I ask in my first
   article is, "are you really sure this is equally true for all
   creative activities, or that abolishing copyright because musicians
   would be better off without it is really necessary and effective"?
d) I've seen the word "artist" thrown around a lot in this thread, and
   I've done the same myself. However, unless explicitly noted, I use
   the terms artists, author, creator as perfect synonyms in this
   context. I suggest it is crucial to keep in minds all these
   meanings.
   Because, again, copyright impacts on, or covers, much more than
   music: music, pictures, source code, novels, technical manuals,
   lyrics, text-books, movies, stock market analyses and so on. Trying
   to separate all these activities, by finding a separate solution
   for each of them, is both intrinsically wrong and practically
   impossible. So you must look for a solution which is feasible and
   works decently for all the involved activities, from real peaks of
   artistic inspiration to very prosaic and boring texts.
This said, I'll now answer some specific points of your messages:
Most of my first article is simply "whatever should happen to
copyright, the "facts" that people usually quote as natural truth
against it are much weaker and/or less general than they seem". And
it's not a perception of mine at all: that article is little more than
a reformatting of things that any number of people have *actually*
said to me as "facts", often accepting them without any thinking, and
of my answers. One of the reasons I wrote that piece is that I had had
to repeat those things so often that I thought I may save some time in
the future by just handing a link and the number of the answer.
see point c) above
there is probably a misunderstanding here, sorry. I meant "side jobs
of the artist", as is "let's ignore the assumption that creative work
should just happen as a part time activity, while the artist's food
and shelter are paid by a non-creative job of the artist". I didn't
refer at all to other jobs of other people around the artists, working
for or thanks to the artist himself.
Did I said they are the only ones? Where? I said let's not exclude any
single way, not even those coming from a (reformed, see second
article!!!)  copyright.
Pray elaborate on how this is really applicable for all kind of
artists (cfr what I wrote in Myth 3) and above all on how maintaining
a reformed copyright would _prevent_ this (which again was the
central, if not only, point of my article)
Please point to where I _deny_ this fact altogether. I say something
different: a) it is not true that this is equally effective and enough
for all kind of creative works; b) there is no reason and no harm to
not let the two (all) models coexist, not if copyright is reformed as
I suggest in my second article.
I believe all this and similar discussions are *only* about artists
who indeed are or could be of sufficient value to society. Why should
we care about the others? They'd disappear very soon anyway, whatever
the model is, and would disappear much sooner or almost never appear
by reforming copyright as I suggest, something which would make the
current corporate behemots who push such artists today completely
unattractive to investors.
So what? Production of quality information, that is presence and
constant, continuous, focused use of talent, is not going to be worth
less or approach zero needed time anytime before we all turn into pure
energy. If I'm a loser and create something worthless, I'll soon be
forced to change activity and it doesn't matter which model I tried or
had available. Let's just ignore that scenario.
But if I'm really good and it takes me twelve months full time to
produce the best novel ever written or the clearest text book since
the invention of the alphabet, is it really wrong if I (have the law
structures in place to) demand a contribution IF I WANT and/or NEED
IT, always in the reformed copyright context I suggest, directly by
every end user of my work and nobody else, to cover at least my cost
of living for those twelve months?
Does having this possibility forbids me to go with Creative Commons
for that or future or previous works or with donations, patrons,
whatever? Do you really HAVE to abolish the most direct, simpler and
fairest way to cover my costs (because that's what copyright would
grant in my scenario, not some faceless stock holders) only because
there are other ways, which yes, are probably much more effective...
for musicians?  Is it really NECESSARY??

@_date: 2008-02-21 07:42:43
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Arguments against generalizing 
Personally, I much prefer properly trimmed and quoted email to other
media, but it's OK. I'll just say again that I should have really
closed some other things before engaging in this and I'll try again to
do so, so don't be surprised if you don't see me for a week or so from
You have summarized my core point well, thanks! "if you haven't really
proved that it is completely broken, don't insist on completely
fixing/removing it: it its much more right, both practically and
ethically, to only remove single *practices* or rules which surely
create problems.
And I, too, believe that all our positions and practical proposals are
much closer than they could seem by a superficial reading of these
first messages.
Actually, I have not felt the not-so-indirect criticism on the list so
far as unfair, don't worry. Maybe there just were some not really
necessary repetitions of some concepts, but it's OK, isn't it? After
all, we (ie I "versus" all the other list members) just met, so we had
to introduce ourselves to each other, summarizing what we think and
how we arrived to it.
I do hope this discussion continues, here or on wiki is not a problem:
as I had said to Michel privately, I'm honored to have been invited to
join a group of this level and hope to make useful contributions to
its work. I'm also glad to have found a place where there is balance,
good faith, actual thought and willingness to exercise one's brain to
get to the root of the problem and to really effective solutions. My
first article _is_ indeed confrontational and quite critical because
it was specifically addressed to, and it was a reaction to, people
yelling without having or wishing to have any of the qualities above.

@_date: 2008-02-29 09:56:30
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer net on the blog 
============================== START ==============================
Due to technical problems on my side, right now I cannot post what follows as
a comment at that URL, so I'm going with email. For the moment, I have a
couple of questions. You said:
At least for WIMAX, current regulations "largely relegate license-free
providers to LOS coverage only" ( ): how do you put together a (network of) real long radio bridge(s)
without licenses? Not to mention availability of suitable sites,
maintenance... Besides that, how do you guarantee or regulate that the
radiated power in
any given area never exceeds safety limits, if everybody and their dog
start pointing WiFi / Wimax repeaters at each other?
Let's ignore for the moment how quickly the battery would dry if your phone
were to spend all the energy bridging other people communications: what do
you mean exactly by "it would take little to hack the system" and who
should do it? The cell phone owners? And, above all, in which way? How can
you transform a cell phone into something that communicates directly with
other cell phones like WiFi devices could (without, again, draining the
battery real quick, of course)?
Thanks for any feedback,

@_date: 2008-07-31 06:12:17
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P inmates rehabilitation 
Greetings, everybody.
Still (happily) struggling here to set up the new freelance activity.
I'd like to point you all, however, to an article of mine which
finally was published.
It deals with an interesting and, as far as I know, still uncommon
variant of P2P "production", in this case of educational material, not
just software. I believe you'll appreciate Ric thoughts on _why_ their
program works better than the alternatives.
Enough spoilers. Read the full story at
       and let me know about any similar deployment, I may have the
possibility for a second article.

@_date: 2008-03-05 00:22:32
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer net on the blog 
I said "long", because that's what Sepp was talking about. 1.4 km is
far from "long".
If the funding project can hand out millions or billions dollars
and/or convince the incumbents that they should step aside or the FCCs
of the world that a bunch of disconnected amateurs are more reliable
than a tightly controlled group of professionals, sure, why not?
Radio spectrum is scarce. Much, much scarcer than statistically
multiplexed bandwidth on an existing broadband network. Besides
frequency availability, one 100 KM radio bridge with N:1 protection,
10E-12 or similar BER etc... is *much* more realiable and probably
quite cheaper too, when you factor in all the variables, than 100 1-km
home made bridges.
This is a fact. Isn't it much cheaper, much more efficient, much more
realistic and politically tolerable to set up secure/redundant
channels inside one well planned single network (as long as Net
Neutrality is respected, of course) than aiming for some dreamy
totally alternative network, especially if it isn't really so easy to
actually create it?
Please take this criticism as constructive: what I'm trying to say is
that going p2p looks good, but there are certain areas where it isn't
really doable nor desirable yet, telecom networks being one of them.
This, of course, doesn't mean at all that activities in this field or
things like ronja should be abandoned. They are great didactical
tools, wonderful auxiliary or backup solutions and also have a huge
value in many cases where the existing network won't do the job or
would be much more expensive (connecting the several buildings inside
one campus or farm?): I'm just saying that completely replacing
today's telecom networks with billions of home made pieces and a lot
of good will is:
- quite more difficult than it may seem from certain estimates at all
  levels, from making it as reliable as what we have today but cheaper
  to getting the powers in charge to let it happen
- above all, maybe not really necessary to build a better world.
  	     	       Marco

@_date: 2008-03-07 06:56:05
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
I have the feeling that you are making the mistake to assume that
decisions to own something are rational ones. Many people don't buy a
car because it's cheaper, more profitable or perceived as such, than
renting: they do it to look good and maybe customize the car in such a
way that makes them _feel_ unique and great when they're cruising the
streets. If car choice decisions were only based on profit, ie
rational, measurable criteria, 80% of the models on sale now wouldn't
exist before you even started to wander if you want to buy or rent one.
Maybe because (using the rug-doctor as a real world example):
- we have no _space_ where to store a Rug Doctor
- we have no skills to fix it when it breaks
- fixing either one of the two problems above would cost enough, in
  time and/ or money, to make group ownership not convenient. - (semi-serious) we, that is any generic group of neighbors in a
  generic city, all hate each other and the least interact the better
  we feel:-)
what I'm trying to say here is that I also have the feeling that you
aren't considering all the rational factors when comparing rental and
individual ownership.

@_date: 2008-03-09 20:12:32
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
such facilities may be planned in new cities. In most existing cities
I've seen so far, such facilities would either be not doable (lack of
suitable space), or so expensive to create vehement oppositions from
all citizens who have parquets instead of carpets (ie no personal need
for the facility, because they _already_ bought a house with storage
space or, very simply, the city has more urgent things to fix first
with its limited budget) or far enough from most users/owners to make
driving there to grab the rug doctor or whatever it is unconvenient.
Distinguishing what is feasible in the new perfect city to be built
tomorrow from what is feasible (and necessary/urgent) in the cities we
actually live in may be the hardest part.
This doesn't change the fact that this:
_is_ one of the big problems of our time.
This is another crucial point. I and most city people I know would
probably hurt ourselves by fixing all the tools we use. Much more
important is the fact that trading labor directly in such a way may
simply be against an advanced (in the really important,
true-quality-of-life sense) society. Being actually able to do all I
need to live by myself is wonderful: being _forced_ to do it is an
entirely different thing and, I believe, puts a limit to how well
people can live.
An extreme example is health care: I want the doctors in my city
emergency room as experienced as possible. They shouldn't be required,
if they _don't_ want to do it as a hobby, to waste time fixing tools
in the community center instead of resting (in the broader sense, not
just sleeping) or practicing.
Same here:
Having access to such a possibility, yes. I'm all for giving people
more choice. But being forced to do everything by myself... I'm really
not sure it would make my own life, or society as a whole, richer.
But in the ways and contexts _they_ choose, be they professional or
private ones. That's the crucial difference. Even if this:
is surely true. I heard it expressed as "did you notice that all the
places [in Italy] were people really like to go, the ones that make
them feel actually better, not just better shoppers, are the ones
build centuries ago?"
You certainly provided more interesting material to continue the discussion.
I look forward to further comments.

@_date: 2008-03-09 23:32:52
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer net on the blog 
Possible... maybe it's possible. The question is, should this happen
because it *is* necessary and actually better (technically,
environmentally, safety-wise, politically) than current networks... or
because p2p in general and peernet in particular are such cool
concepts that we can't resist to remake everything we see the
p2p/peernet way?
Part of this difficulty may be the mere fact that there is no demand
for it, or at least not enough concrete demand, of the kind "I'm
willing to pay for it because I concretely need it" versus demand of
the kind "I'm downloading everything I find even if I'll never have
the time to play it all, because it's trendy"
everything I've already said: I don't trust consumer-generated and
maintained wireless networks. Not as a mass solution or a complete
last-mile replacement. They are likely to be far less reliable than
professionally made and maintained networks, they may be dangerous in
extreme cases or interfere with important services, they would
probably consume more energy and raw materials to build and function.
Backup or educational networks, home to home interconnection in some
godforsaken mountain village or within some large ranch... those may
be other issues.
This article only mentions specialist applications; excellent and
necessary work, but assuming they can scale to fully replace the last
mile is a bit far-fetched in my opinion. Especially because the main
problems I see remains not in the devices themselves, but in how many
of them are needed and above all who deploys, configures and maintains

@_date: 2008-03-09 23:11:09
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer net on the blog 
I would need to do some research, or to have quantitative research to
elaborate upon to give you a definitive answer - however, at a first
glance, I suspect this wouldn't work:
- competition from consumers for consumers _creates_ worries for
  providers, rather than taking them off: it encourages people to do
  by themselves, it reduces their revenues (less direct subscribers),
  it may create *lot* of potential technical problems quite epxensive
  to manage (I believe already spoke about amateurs creating lots of
  radio interference and who knows what other issues) and legal
  problems too ("Your honour, I didn't upload that child porn from my
  computer: the mesh made my computer do it"). If things were as you
  hope, providers would already _encourage_ today their subscribers to
  bring in their neighbours through home wi-fi access points. Reality,
  instead, is that most contracts explicitly forbids this, for the
  very concrete reasons I just listed, or provide it for an extra
  price.
The implicit assumption behind this proposal is that the quality of
the last layer is the same in both cases, for all the involved
Besides that, the last layer of the network already exists: is the
phone or cable TV lines. When it doesn't, that is when we're talking
wireless access, the last mile is a mesh of antennas over roofs: are
you sure, again, that just delegating it to professionals would be
more expensive and that the quality and reliability would be worst
than with that mesh?
Think pullmans versus many cars on a highway, even if the analogy
isn't completely fitting: what's more reliable, cheaper, safer,
environmentally sound to move people back and forth from their homes
to the city station? A few pullmans ran by professional drivers or
hundreds of cars more or less poorly maintained, with the possibility
that one of them breaking clogs the whole street?
I'm not 100% sure of everything I said, but due to my professional
experience I am pretty confident that things stand more or less in
this way. More investigation in this area would need concrete analysis
of both actual results out of the first community networks and of
figures from traditional connectivity providers.
     Marco

@_date: 2008-05-17 08:23:09
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Future of making request 
Just a couple of quick comments right now, I hope to contribute more
later on.
To begin with, the first thing I have thought when I looked at the
visual map is "of all the people I know in *person* (about 1500, I'd
guess, including occasional meetings, and not a few have technical
degrees or PHDs) maybe 50 have already heard about more than one of those
websites or concept. I'm not drawing any conclusion from this yet,
just thought I'd share this feeling.
Secondly, I completely agree with what Patrick wrote and quoted (see
below) and think that the way to go is to not understimate what Samuel
wrote (quoted at the bottom). As I just said, I haven't physically met
yet almost nobody who is or _would_ ever be interested in actively
doing any of the things on that map (I'm not criticizing that view of
the world, just reporting a fact).
But I do know, or see on _mainstream_ TV, more and more people who
already are or want to become "*organized* "consumers", who base their
decisions on ethics", especially in sectors like food and clothes,
without falling in the trap/false solution which is most of the
current fair trade.
I suggest that a society where everybody is an active produser is very
far in the future and may also be an unrealistic expectation and/or a
suboptimal solution, as far as real quality of life is concerned.
Whereas a society where everybody who _wants_ to be a producer can do
it but all citizens are active, responsible purchasers, that is: buy
only what they really need and buy it only from those who do it right
and, as Sam says, "collectively bargain, and put CONDITIONS on what is
purchased based on their own ethics"... well, such a society is much,
much easier to make happen and it would reform production in the right
way anyway, wouldn't it?

@_date: 2008-05-25 07:23:42
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] government transparency tools per country 
There is a chapter in the "Family Guide to Digital Freedom" (see
signature) titled "Does Free Speech exist?"
It deals exactly with the fact that we have (in some countries, at
least) freedom of speech and the right to control how the Goverment is
doing its work granted because, before the Internet, there was little
or none practical possibility anyway to practice these rights on a
large, really effective scale, so it wasn't a real treat for the
powers in charge.
I also urge parents, in that same chapter, to start using the
family PC just in this way, to get more control on their lives and in
the interest of their children.
This summer I will prepare the next edition of the Guide and surely
include a link to this page. In any case, everybody is welcome to send
any relevant links also to me directly, so I can mention it in the book.

@_date: 2008-05-25 07:56:41
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Request for relevant links for the Family Guide to 
I would like to extend this request to the whole content of the
book. The table of contents of the Family Guide to Digital Freedom,
including links to sample chapters, is at
 , and will change little or nothing in
the 2008 edition.
As you can see, it presents to all ordinary, non-activist,
non-professional parents many topics of interest for the members of
this list, even if, in some cases, some of you may not agree with my
own proposed solutions.
If any of you has any links to projects, news, etc... that you think
should be included in the next edition or that may be useful anyway in
preparing it, you're all welcome at any time to send them directly to
Obviously, you're also welcome to forward this request as much as you
Thank you in advance for any feedback,

@_date: 2008-11-01 13:13:50
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Build It. Share It. Profit. Can Open Source Hardware 
Just seen on Wired:
This is a great example of the kind of "partial" p2p hw production I
recommended to focus on in
that is "don't feel sad if p2p manufacturing of microelectronic ICs at
home is out of the question in the foreseable future: focus instead on
all the great things you can already do/have done by sending orders to
centralized, old style plants which assemble, according to your
instructions components made in anti-p2p ways".

@_date: 2008-11-09 06:15:46
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My letter to Obama 
what are your sources with the names of these manufacturers?
in the entertainment case, wouldn't a reduction of copyright to 5/10
years max from publication achieve practically the same effect, while
being much easier to lobby for and, for the general public, to
understand and support?

@_date: 2008-11-10 20:49:24
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My letter to Obama 
No, why? I'm not saying to repeal DMCA, WIPO, TRIPS, etc.. Not the
copyright part, at least (*)
I am saying that that is all stuff which only applies to copyrighted
"content", not to stuff which is in the public domain. If you leave
those treaties as they are, but only change that one line, to say that
everything goes to public domain five or max ten years after
publication, instead of 70+, you immediately make the Disneys and
Sonys of the world financially not convenient.
They'd go bankrupt on the stock exchange one year after copyright
duration were reduced. Such corporations make sense today (and have
enough money to bully artists and people) because they can still cash
in on stuff produced decades ago. Pull that rug off their feet, and
investors themselves will immediately sell those stocks for something
more profitable.
The first Harry Potter book was published in 1997: the profit
expectations of the editor and the control fetish of Mrs Rowling (that
is all the backing for the ridiculous limitations of fair use, derived
work and so on on those characters and plots) are only relevant
because copyright still applies, not because WIPO, DMCA and TRIPS
Had copyright been 10 years, Bloomsbury stock holders and Rowling
would be rich all the same, but already powerless today, as far as
damaging culture is concerned. Rowling could yell from all rooftops
that she's the only one who can write Potter, and nobody would care.
Had copyright been 5 or 10 years, probably Bloomsbury and Rowling
would have also been much less of a bully in the past years. You don't
piss off people if you know that the gun you're holding to their head
will vanish very soon.
Ditto for all entertainment corporations, and 90% of contemporary
popular culture, from Dylan to Star Wars. If you have a big gun (DMCA,
etc...) which expires very soon, equally soon you end up with no money
to use it or cover the abuses you did with that gun; and so little
time to use it anyway that the ROI of being an a**hole is greatly
reduced. And there goes the money to lobby for DRM in parliaments.
All the other bad consequences of DMCA and friends would remain
without money to actually apply them.
same here. I'm just pointing out that there may be a much more
efficient way to get there.
"Cut copyright to 5 or ten years tomorrow" is something Joe Sixpack
can understand and vote for. "Abolish WIPO, DMCA etc.." is much harder
to sell to the general public.
If you have a raging bull in a corral, harassing all the cows and the
cowboys, you can make a huge, dangerous effort to physically remove it
from the corral. Or you can just shoot it with a syringe full of
extra-strenght anesthetic, which will keep it alive but so weak that
it won't hurt anybody.
(*) yes, I've deliberately ignored here all the other parts of the
"intellectual property" universe which are also managed by those
treaties. One thing at a time, or at least per discussion.

@_date: 2008-11-11 09:32:23
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mini nuclear plants to power 20,000 homes 
Interesting read after the discussion, a few weeks ago about
leapfrogging in general and distributed, close-to-users, power
generation. This is the quote straights as I got it on another list:
"Our goal is to generate electricity for 10 cents a watt anywhere in
the world [said the CEO]... It's leapfrog technology"
"Other companies are known to be designing micro-reactors... measuring
roughly six metres by two metres. Designed to power a single building
for up to 40 years."
More technical details at  including:
" If opened, the very small amount of fuel that is enclosed would
immediately cool. The waste produced after five years of operation is
approximately the size of a softball and is a good candidate for fuel

@_date: 2008-11-11 09:45:39
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My letter to Obama 
I'm not an expert either. However, my point is simply that if you
_start_ from reducing the time window where bad things can happen, it
then becomes much easier to stop them altogether. In a private reply
Kevin told me:
And this is what I answered:
<- create a movement that is much easier for the masses to understand

@_date: 2008-11-11 10:46:22
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mini nuclear plants to power 20,000 homes 
Thanks for the link (please avoid top posting and HTML though).
The comments to that treehugger post seem less skeptic than the first
time. The one main, concrete (not emotional) problem in them is the
fact that uranium too is a finite resource. And yes, of course I'd
never accept one of those boxes until the design and the plan to deal
with waste have been completely published and recognized as safe by
independent experts.
Those boxes could be, after satisfactory answers to the questions
above, a great solution for medium/small industries and
condominium-only neighborhoods. A lot of propaganda about saving the
planet by producing your home power by renewables merrily ignores the
truth that only relatively rich guys with a single home and (at least)
their own yard can actually install enough PV or thermal solar/wind
generators to be independent.
With respect to this:
it's also interesting to read the comments to the post about the
reputation of that group. More interesting is the fact that there is
nothing about hyperion at their website,  (not even the
original quote).

@_date: 2008-11-14 09:32:27
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My letter to Obama 
The problem is that most of this stuff is in Italian only. Anyway:
"enough of fiscal privileges to the coops",
the book "Red coops: the greatest conflict of interests in Italy since
WWII" (original title "Le coop rosse. Il pi? grande conflitto di
interessi nell'Italia del dopoguerra.");  a comment to the book is at
the book "Falce e Carrello" ( the title is a
joke based on the almost identical sound in Italian of:
     "falce e martello" (sickle and hammer, the symbol)
     "falce e carrello" (sickle and hyper-department-store-cart)
to mean that yesterday's communists have thrown the tools of
traditional workers away to become capitalists, while keeping the
external appearance of being faithful to old ideals
comments to this other book at
Mandatory Disclaimers:
1) I have not read the two books above, but all the excerpts and
   reviews, forums etc... that I have seen and quote them are
   consistant with other reports I've read or heard on TV in several
   occasions.
2) almost all the links above are not from independent, neutral
   voices. "Libero" and "il Giornale", for example, are very
   right-wing/neoliberal newspapers (the second, IIRC, belongs to
   Berlusconi). The author "Falce e Carrello", for example, is the
   owner of Esselunga, one of the bigger department store chains here
   in Italy, that is a direct competitor of LegaCoop.
let's just say that even if all the links above only told half of the
story, if half of what they say were true it would be enough to be
careful when talking about coops and E-R
3) things change greatly with the size of the coop. LegaCoop and
   similar are ordinary corporations, just as ruthless and tied to
   banks and big political parties as Fiat, just to stay in Italy.
   Marco Travaglio, a journalist who is everything but pro-Berlusconi,
   defined the Unipol-LegaCoop ties a dramatic conflict of
   interests. Coops with ~10 members are a whole different story, but
   this doesn't mean they won't get unfair privileges just because
   they call themselves a "social" usiness whose members will commit
   to vote the right party
The best way to investigate, if you feel like doing it, would be to
contact directly the staff of those newpapers and the authors of the
two books. Making an "official" request as P2P Foundation may help to
get an answer.

@_date: 2008-11-14 09:45:12
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mini nuclear plants to power 20,000 homes 
same here. I have practical objections, at this point. First is long
term availability of fuel, but this could be outweighted by more
independence in fuel procurement and zero emission: if uranium as a
power source will last only 30 years worldwide, but can start two
years from now, it could be just what is needed: stop emissions now,
keep us afloat until we've managed to rebuild the whole world in a
more efficient way.
As far as I'm concerned, even the plants described in the article are
too big: I'd rather see stuff which powers 50 apartments for ten years
only, but is so small and contains so little uranium that doesn't need
to be buried 100 mt deep.
the big fault/limit I see in this is that it only works with
scattered, small, single-family homes. Not in towns made of
condominiums. One thing is creating a world from scratch, another is
fixing the one that actually exist.
Scaling back demand is perfect, but there are many parts of the world
(including those which waste the most power) where scaling back is
only possible by limiting waste, eg insulating walls and windows. Not producing energy in the condominium.
Sounds good to me, but is it P2P?? :-)
interesting. Links which support this thesis?

@_date: 2008-10-01 15:50:58
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Those which follow are just a few absolutely random, semi-instinctive
reactions at one partial, quick read of the kk.org article. I'm
throwing them out partly to have a clearer idea of what Michel is
asking for, partly as comments to help others to put together a real
answer, see the questions at the bottom. Don't bet the farm on
anything I write below, I wouldn't. Its only value may very well be
just "OK, this doesn't make sense, let's look in some other direction"
I find that kk article a mix of banal and interesting things.  Part of
it simply compares apple to oranges, or rediscovers the obvious. For
Leapfrogging from smoke signals to cell phones doesn't free you from
needing food, cookware to cook that food, heat to put under that
cookware and so on. It just gives you another channel from which
consumism can get you or a way to order by phone. It's obvious, isn't
it? Maybe the general conclusion/question is that leapfrogging can
only happen within one field (telecom in this case).
see above. If the basic infrastructure in some field doesn't exist,
telecom leapfrogging (giving a cell phone to every farmer) isn't going
to create new technologies in other fields or to substitute by itself
the money and education those farmers would need to develop and deploy
Another hint/food for thought: cell phone networks leapfrogged exactly
(only?)  because they intrinsically need/are much less physical matter
than other infrastructure or widespread technology change. Getting a
cell phone in the jungle can make you discover, now that you can phone
to your relatives in New York, that there are people who cook by
microwave or solar ovens. But going from wood cooking to microwave or
solar ovens require much more skills, raw materials and tools than it
takes to dial a number and talk.
Last but not least (I've got to leave now and then finish an article
when I get back, so I'll try to not read email for 24 hours, sorry),
is the same thing I said recently in (1), isn't it:
"you can leapfrog information, but you can't leapfrog materials? At
least when they're complex and interconnected?"
Also, reading this:
"If we were civilizing Mars, a bulldozer would be as valuable as a
brought to my mind (don't ask me why, or maybe it's because both a
bulldozer and a radio are both sophisticated objects) this other part
of (1):
coordination and centralization are a synomimous for "getting where
you couldn't get by your forces alone, but (quite) slowly". So,
looking at the kk.org article and to that paragraph together makes me
ask "can you leapfrog only when (or in areas where) you don't need
coordination and centralization?"
Again, I haven't even't read the fine article from top to bottom, nor
I stopped to think or proofread what I just wrote, but the thing was
too good to ignore it, even if I really have to leave now. I may very
well come back to this message saturday and figure out I just
embarassed myself. Take all this just as a stimulus to continue, even
if it were crap.
(1)

@_date: 2008-10-02 11:11:01
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
but what if centralized infrastructures and large scale production
(not necessarily in the same form as today, of course, that's another
issue) intrinsically **were** the best scale to create hi-tech
necessary goods or maintain large necessary networks? Cfr:
the problem is how much in _real_ quality of life we'd lose by
resorting only to such systems.
agreed, but is that enough to be sure that we don't need anything
"large-scale" anymore, in any field?

@_date: 2008-10-02 11:19:52
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
leapfrogging from smoke signals to cell phones is possible exactly
because those cell phones, switches, antennas and what not are
produced and maintained in a manner as far from "household and barter
economy" as it exists today.
Leapfrogging from some centuries old social/economic organization and
culture directly to a western-mentality lifestyle is possible,
instead, and it's probably equally possible to leapfrog directly from
those obsolete social frame of minds to the next Big Good Thing, like
P2P. But that doesn't necessarily imply, I believe, that everything
around or below that level (economy, technology) should or ever could
leapfrog in the same way.
What if the only possible leapfrogging and also the most important one
is the one in social relationship?

@_date: 2008-10-05 07:12:08
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
This returns a "page not found". Is it downloadable anywhere else (I
already tried with Google)? If not, is it possible to at least post
the abstract and toc here?

@_date: 2008-10-05 12:45:47
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email, 
please do not take what follows as trolling or anything like that. I'm
old and busy enough to know better than trolling, and when what I say
below happens in contexts where I don't really, deeply care about the
subject under discussion I simply ignore the whole thread and move on.
PARAGRAPH added just before sending: If I didn't find these
discussions really important and didn't care to remain involved, I'd
have simply trashed the whole thread, instead of spending more than
one hour trying to explain clearly what follows.
I'm writing this exactly because I do care about learning more about
P2P issues and contributing to discussions where I can, so I'd like to
participate, or at least learn by listening, in the most efficient way
Due to my job, I regularly (have to) follow some tenths of quite high
volume mailing lists.  On almost all of them, HTML posting, never
trimming very long messages before replying, top posting, posting
signatures which are one screen long, using non-standard quoting
markers (ie anything different than ">" characters at the beginning of
each line) are a sure way to be banned from the moderator or at least
killfiled by most other subscribers, if not flamed to death.
I am NOT going to flame anybody. I am just a bit frustrated because I
ignored email for 48 hours, when I opened it I found ~400 list
messages and... while getting and scanning hundreds of messages every
day is absolutely OK and normal for me, it's a standard part of my
job, this time the dozen most interesting ones, ie the leapfrogging
thread, are those which are most difficult and time consuming to read
(or reply to without making the problems above worse), for no really
important reason.
So, I am just going to list a few reasons why I suggest it could much
better to always avoid all the practices above and why doing so is
even more important in communities like this P2P one.
- there are tons of reasons why, even these days, it is much more
  sensible and considerate (unless you know for sure both the habits,
  limits and economic conditions of EVERYBODY who will receive your
  email) to trim as much as possible before replying to an email and
  to always avoid HTML or kilometric signatures. I can post the long
  list of such reasons if asked, for the moment please take my word
  for it. First, turn off html, then trim as much as possible, then
  reply, thanks.
- using ">" as quote marker guarantees that EVERY email client around
  will either color mark the replies or (even better) fold them to
  save screen space. In both cases, it will be much easier and faster
  to spot what is new and focus on it. Quoting in any other way,
  combined with the wildest variety of attribution formats, makes sure
  that in every thread longer than 5/6 messages there will be somebody
  who can't figure out without wasting half a day or taking notes who
  the heck said what to who.
- In general, people must attend to many different and unrelated
  things. There is no reason why any of us should have fresh in mind
  the real content and background of every message popping in one's
  inbox. And in this community it is very common practice to invite in
  CC other people during an ongoing discussion, and to enter, re-enter
  or exit discussions while they take place, with or without the list
  in CC. That's great and absolutely fine, but the practical result is
  that it is very common to find all of a sudden, in one's mailbox, 4
  or 5 messages about different branches of the same topic, and many
  of them have the form "X replies to Y who replied to Z who replied
  to Q who replied to...", but you had never seen any of the messages
  mentioned or quoted by X.
  In such a situation, making sense of what the discussion is and what
  happened before is quite a pain. One has to scroll ten pages down,
  then read backward through many badly formatted screenfuls of the
  same huge signatures resent over and over, what is left of assorted
  HTML formattings and quoting styles all mangling each other
  etc... to extract that 2% which is meaningful (most messages are 2/3
  lines of the "I agree" or "You're right, check this link too"
  variety pasted onto 6/7 screenfuls of already seen stuff). Whereas
  proper trimming, bottom posting, no HTML and standard quoting markup
  would make all the real content fit in one screen without any loss
  at all of real information.
  Again, the problem is not how many messages, it's how they come. If
  a message takes five minutes to decode, that is *not* to read the
  content, just to find and extract that content, I very often can't
  afford to read it. Days are short and I must use my computer time as
  efficiently as I can, sorry.
Sorry for the rant. No need to answer, feel free to ignore me, no
problem, really, and I still think you're all great guys who are doing
something important. I just wanted to let you know that, if sometimes
I seem to ignore a message, this is why.

@_date: 2008-10-05 12:49:30
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
exactly. If there were really p2p dynamics at the social level (like
getting involved personally in political discussions and decision
making at any level) probably there would be less need to make
everything p2p. Not that I have a solution to make this happen, of

@_date: 2008-10-05 13:14:57
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Preface: a little personal anecdote is in order here. My computer
folder of "things I'd like to write an article about some day"
contains a file titled "Reverting the pipes". I wrote it not later
than 2002, because I remember reading the dust jacket of the italian
edition of the "Hydrogen economy" in early 2003 and thinking "rats,
this Rifkin guy stole my brilliant, revolutionary concept" :-) That
file reads:
I mention this to make clear that, even if I have only recently met
all of you and even if I've found myself several time playing the
resident skeptic, I'm not trolling, I am genuinely interested, and not
by yesterday, in finding solutions to the current centralized,
massified society. On to Vinay's message now.
That's no surprise and it's true of almost all production activities,
isn't it? From car production to single building or whole cities, it's
pretty intuitive that if one could start from scratch without any
limit imposed from the past a better result would ensue.
This said, my remarks in the "notes on p2p production..." are not
really around "energy generation strategy". I started liking the idea
of decentralizing that 6 years ago, see above. What I pointed out are
the limits of:
- **production** of millions of microgenerators cheap and
    sophisticated enough to make a decentralized energy production
    strategy viable. Can that production happen in a P2P,
    decentralized way? note that
     implicitly
    acknowledges this problem:
       "Some distributed technologies like solar cells and fuel cells
       are still made in low volume and can therefore cost more than
       competing sources"
- **management and transportation to medium/long distances** of all
    that distributedly-generated energy. If you want to minimize
    energy consumption, make the system more robust and above all
    power the plants who mass-produce the microgenerators, the
    microprocessors to control them and so on, you need a grid (or an
    inter-grid of local grids, if you prefer, the substance doesn't
    change) which transfers energy from place to place, and it better
    be a centrally coordinated grid to work.
So the fact that it is possible for everybody to become an energy
microproducer doesn't necessarily mean that you can really leapfrog
from cooking and lighting your home with wood to an advanced society
which, energy-wise, is 100% P2P.

@_date: 2008-10-05 13:28:36
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email, 
Generally speaking, isn't a bit amusing that gmail, hotmail and yahoo
are popular among people who make a point to become less dependant on
privacy-risky, massifying multinationals? (I've said the same thing on
the italian degrowth /decroissance lists)
Don't let Gmail or webmail in general fool you. Email is email, the
fact you or a few email users you know read and write it from a
browser doesn't change a bit of the problems I mentioned.
If you send (summing HTML, lack of trimming etc...) 50KBytes of stuff
when one would have sufficed to somebody who has a slow and/or not
flat rate internet connection, it changes little whether that person
reads the message through a browser or an email client. That person is
still paying 50 times more than he or she could because the _sender_
didn't do email properly.
Besides, I explicitly said that avoiding html, trimming to death
etc... is a must unless "you know for sure both the habits, limits and
economic conditions of EVERYBODY who will receive your email". Which
is never the case when you write to a list, or in discussions like the
leapfrogging one when there are new people invited to join at every message.
Thanks for trimming and answering in text, of course.

@_date: 2008-10-05 14:26:52
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Bologna and Emilia Romagna are indeed among the places in Italy where
quality of life is higher and public administrations and services work
However, the reality of the Emilia Romagna cooperatives is a bit less
idyllic, shall we say, than it looks from reports like those.
Searching on italian web pages would yeld you several reports of those
coops doing as well as they do because of unfair fiscal privileges
(*), "more-equal-than-others" treatment and coop-only
express-tender-approval-procedures by leftist local administrations
even when non-leftish cooperatives had better treatments, practices
and partners just like those of multinationals and so on.
"Coop rosse" by R. Ridolfi is a book which denounces just that. I
haven't read the book itself, but I've read or read enough stories of
the same kind to suggest taking that Williams report with a big grain
of salt.
(*) like independent, small scale entrepreneurs complaining because
they, who incidentally are much closer to the p2p model, lose business
simply because they must pay more taxes than a coop which is much
closer in structure, size and behavior to a Wall-Street style

@_date: 2008-10-05 18:27:54
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
what you say makes a lot of sense if one only does one thing and only
has one interest and only entertains one kind of discussion with more
or less always the same few people who also have no other interest or
discussion ongoing, and/or when purpose of the discussion is, from the
beginning, for all the members, to produce ONE common document
etc... In any other practical case, the opposite is true.
I am much, much, much more efficient when every discussion comes to me
in one inbox where I have much more control on how I display it, I
have MY own macros and spell checker configured as it makes more sense
to me etc... than if I had to jump every day among ten or twenty
different wikis, brainstorms and what not, each configured to write
the way *its* administrators think best. And there's no way in hell I
may ever convince everybody I **need** to interact with to go wiki
instead of email. If nothing else because, as I said, wikis make sense
when the purpose is, since the beginning, to create one common
If I had to work that way instead of through email I'd get 20% done of
what I manage to do now, best case.
You're probably right in theory, and I don't wish to start a flame war
on which system is theoretically better. The reality is that we're
stuck with email, or at least I, Christian (thanks Christian
for confirming my point) and many other are.
If you prefer other ways, and convince the majority of subscribers to
shut this list down in favor of a wiki, brainstorm, whatever, OK. Me,
I'll simply stop following these discussions, no problem, really,
friends as before and all that.
Until it's got to be email, though, trust me: the most efficient way
is the one I suggested. (which besides trimming, included no HTML).

@_date: 2008-10-05 19:41:12
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
OK, but then please will you **start** turning HTML off, trimming as
much as possible and maybe even bottom posting?
As I said earlier, I do understand your point. And I even agree that
when a closed group of people has to produce one common output there
may be much more efficient ways to work. But I didn't suggest "let's
use or find a better way to communicate".
I just said "**when we use email**, please everybody do it in the one
way that proved itself to be the most efficient one for open, public,
email based discussions with (half) strangers for even more than 17
years". A stable, surely closed group of people can use email any way
they please or give it up entirely, of course, but that's a completely
different scenario.

@_date: 2008-10-05 21:20:24
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
To Christian and the other subscribers of the list:
a non-issue in 2008 my foot. I mentioned when I made this request that
there still "are tons of reasons why, even these days, it is much more
sensible and CONSIDERATE to trim as much as possible... and to always
avoid HTML or kilometric signatures. I can post the long list of such
reasons if asked, for the moment please take my word for it".
The list is at the bottom.
Samuel, don't bother to answer. After reading this:
I am really not going to waste one single minute from now on
discussing email or, for that matter, any other digital communication
system with you. I still can't believe you wrote such a sentence from
a pulpit in that "We're in 2008, you poor relict from the 80's"
You have mixed email body trimming and email subject/ message-ID
threading in a way that makes it cristal clear you have no clue
whatever what the heck email actually *is*, what the heck software
does to it, or what the heck I am talking about in general.  So any
more time going after you on this would be wasted. Period.
Please do drop that line altogether, or at least reply only (
privately, why entertain the list any more?), only after studying some
good, thorough email primer.
As I said at the beginning, the main point of my message was only to
explain why, in some circumstances, I may simply start to ignore badly
formatted messages, and I suggest everybody to do the same, no matter
what the calendar says.
I've explained it, I'm adding the list below, and updated my filters,
so the case is really closed as far as I'm concerned.
Good night,
here it is, pasted from a message I wrote to another list:
Transmitting back and forth useless kilobytes is still uselessly
expensive and VERY UNPOLITE (see bottom of this message), even if in a
different way than in the 80s:
- access from wireless devices is taking off, wireless bandwidth costs
  much more than fixed, hence pay-per-minute plans are quite
  commons. I saw just yesterday on another list a formal menace to
  denounce somebody to his ISP from a guy in Germany (ie not some
  remote desert). The reason? The German guy was (rightly) quite sick
  of spending a lot of money to download (=pay again) lots of long
  messages he'd already downloaded with his GPS phone, only because
  that "somebody" used to attach "I agree" or other 1/2 lines
  paragraph to the whole original message.
- in many "first world" countries, the only way they have to extend
  internet connectivity is to sell at the minimum possible cost, ie
  making customers only pay for actual traffic (wether you measure it
  in bytes or minutes it's irrelevant, so this also applies to ADSL
  lines) instead of a flat monthly fee, to people who otherwise would
  NEVER buy any Internet connection. To quote only the two most common
  cases, and note that both apply regardless of income:
          - senior citizens who only want to write 1/2 email a month
            to their grandchildren in another town and maybe see them
            for a few minutes on a webcam
          - vacation homes, ie places where you want faster connection
            than a GPS, wifi doesn't exist, but where you stay only a
            few days each year.
- bandwidth and disk space on **all** servers, including those running
  this list, *are* charged by the KByte, so retransmitting whole long
  messages only to add a few lines costs more. Also because each
  message generates as many copies as list members. It may be
  indirect, meaning that they tell you "unlimited bandwidth" but slow
  you down a lot your traffic (like all the messages of the mailing
  list you run), but they are charged for sure. As a matter of fact,
  distinguishing the service providers who openly tell you "server
  bandwidth is expensive, we have to limit or block you after
  XGygabytes of traffic a month" from those who generically sell
  "unlimited bandwidth" is widely recognized as a criterion to tell
  competent and honest providers apart from the others.
- if a list is moderated, like this one, you force the moderator to
  scroll down every time, he has to make sure you didn't slip some
  profanity or other bad stuff at the end. Ditto for the people who
  maybe want to read your signature to check out your website.
- oh, and then of course there still are a lot of places on Earth
  where real people do pay more, both in time and or money, when
  somebody else carelessly sends them kilobytes of email they had
  already read just to add "OK, then I'll get back to you about this".
  Read the "Another world" box of this article about a Pakistani
  school for a concrete example: Please note the three common points of all these real world examples:
1) "useless kilobytes" include HTML formatting, that is stuff that
   costs more to download and transmit, regardless of the pricing
   scheme. Never, ever use HTML for email unless you *are* sure that
   all the recipients PREFER it
2) you simply have no way to know in advance the habits, preferences
   and current needs of people you send email to. You may not know
   them (= a mailing list), or your fiber-optic-connected friend may
   have been gone on a work trip where only GPS connectivity is
   available
3) the most important, if not the only point: in all the cases above,
   when somebody doesn't always trim his or her email as much as
   possible, the cost of that carelessness, lazyness, ignorance,
   whatever, is paid by OTHER people. It may be just a few cents, but
   it's a concrete cost, so that's why it's very unpolite not to trim
   email.

@_date: 2008-10-05 21:44:17
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
True, but Rss don't come in as email (there are workarounds, but
they're far from straightforward). And above all, the problem I
referred to is what happens after.
Rss or email notification may remove the need to check a wiki
manually, but the end result is still you have to write into
(potentially) as many differently working wikis as is the number of
projects/conversation you need or want to carry on. Not the best
solution, especially if the goal is not to produce one single common
document on some topic, but just to engage in temporary conversations
as it happens on mailing lists.

@_date: 2008-10-05 22:30:33
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
(Marcin, please do trim email, thanks)
thanks, I do assure you all that this is the case.
what triggers my "snake oil alarm" is only when very complex things
are sold as simple because it is evident that some basic
characteristic was overlooked, especially if this makes other people
start running in the wrong direction. Now, I was indeed prisoner for a long time very high in the technology
tree (but I did jump down as soon as I could :-) ) but when I said in
my article that things like your CEB are 19th century technology I
obviously didn't mean that your work is less valuable or less useful
compared to what I did in my former life. Your work is both more
valuable and useful, not to mention more urgent than what I did,
actually :-)
Still, I think the potential for frustration due to thinking simple
things which aren't simple by any means remains around. Then either
one acknowledges that certain limits exist (NOT to make me happy, just
to focus on what makes the most difference in practice vs what looks
cooler on paper) and goes on, or proves those limits don't exist.
It would be interesting, for example, to read specific comments about
specific parts of this:
or about the distinctions I made in my previous post between "energy
generation strategy" and "production of millions of microgenerators" +
"management and transportation to medium/long distances of all that
distributedly-generated energy"

@_date: 2008-10-06 00:02:11
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
as I had said:
Actually, I had asked for:
not for a generic commentary. I'll byte though.
Indeed, but that only changes how to **deal** with the facts, not the
facts themselves. The multinational corporate answers to certain facts
is the one will all know. A better answer must sure include ethics,
spirituality and so on, but has to deal with reality anyway.
Do local-p2p-all-the-way *technical* alternatives to nationwide power
grids and telecom networks or huge semiconductor fabs exist? Don't you
lose a lot on real quality of life giving those things up just because
they're not p2p?
That article isn't against p2p production of essential, survival-level
physical goods. And I didn't say P2P is bad, I only suggest it may not
be the best answer to all possible problems. And that article is ONLY
about cases where:
- if you stick to p2p and local small scale, you may be sitting on the
  greatest titanium (or gallium, since it's about semiconductors) mine
  in the world, and still it wouldn't do you any good, because to make
  useful and usable stuff out of raw Gallium you'd need a whole
  state-of-the-art factory like the Fab36 quoted in the article. The
  day when it will be possible to cook an Athlon multi-core CPU like
  cookies, in a kitchen oven from raw materials, I'll be the first to
  cheer, any basic research of that kind has my blessing, but until
  that day it doesn't make sense to ignore the limits.
- if you give up those services or products just because they can't be
  done p2p you regress at least one century, as far as real quality of
  life is concerned.
I didn't discuss consequences because that never was the goal of the
article. It does little good to discuss consequences without clearing
first some quite unrealistic assumptions on what reality makes
available to you. I stopped at clearing those points and asking "can
we draw some general conclusion about P2P from this?"
Sure we must discuss consequences, but only after those specific
limits are either accepted as starting points because they're
real, or refused because proven wrong.

@_date: 2008-10-06 10:36:41
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
To the list: feel free to jump directly at the bottom.
I've already posted the long list of reasons to not do it, which
include that it may be pocket money but it's not your money.
Manner-wise, sending HTML email is the same as sending a one-page
letter in a wood frame via DHL "Recipient pays" service to somebody
who never asked for the wood frame.
I did not say "reading email on a GPS phone display or in a mobile
app". I said "wireless access" and "downloading with GPS phone" as in
"connecting a laptop or desktop computer to the Internet, via metered
wi-fi or GPS/UMTS modems as MANY people without a land line do, and
more and more will do in the next years, check any official forecast
online". With all respect, I know enough about telecom to not present
arguments weak enough to be dismissed that easily.
because the list as is is very unefficient to use and there are no
real alternatives. And because I never said I have the solution to
every problem, I simply said I'd like to use the list at least to
listen and learn, but if it's managed this way (as also Christian
complained) is uselessly difficult etc etc.
Conclusion: me, I have given absolutely concrete and detailed reasons
why, as long as email is the only system for open discussions, it is
much better not to use HTML, trim, etc... The **only** reasons
provided to use HTML are some combination of:
1) it's 2008
2) Google / Hotmail/ Yahoo default to Html and I simply can't be
   bothered to click on that button just because it may save
   money to somebody else
3) "I (not Josef) am so clueless about email that I will prove it but
   will continue to do things my way because it surely is the best
   one"
The problem is not how weak my arguments are (which they aren't). The
problem is that the counterarguments are simply not-existant.
Never mind. I really don't think there's anything more to say. Please
draw you conclusions, make your choices and let's move on.

@_date: 2008-10-06 10:52:43
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
first of all, I never said I'm against such ventures. What triggered
me to write that article were people claiming "hardware is nearing
free, if we just get rid of patents we'll actually be 100% free of
corporations and mass production; we will be able to live doing p2p
and local at any level, making everything from bricks to
microprocessors in small farms without central providers or
so you don't have to convince me, really. I'm the one who *said* you
can't do 100% without large organizations and mass production if you
want to maintain the same real quality of life. I have no problem with
that notion.
Incidentally, as the italian cooperatives in Emilia Romagna mentioned
by Kevin prove, if you don't change many other things around such
coops become just big corporations with more tax privileges, which put
independent, small scale producers out of business. Not really p2p and
small scale. But we digress.
Back to the original argument, theoretically a semiconductor coop may
compete with Intel or Amd, or just make components for its own
members. But it couldn't do the same thing for wireless networks,
because there's only one spectrum.
Thanks for the Mondragon and UK links.

@_date: 2008-10-07 09:34:34
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Same here. Human reproductive technology is million years old, but
that doesn't make it obsolete, does it now? Calling the CEB "19th
century technology" was only a mean to point out that there are two
centuries of technology developments between brick making and
microprocessor making, so it's a false start to think that if you can
do one at home you can also do the other. It doesn't matter who came
first, only that one process is immensely more complex than the other,
until somebody does come up with a totally different but working way
to make microprocessors.
You seem to not have read carefully
Quoting myself from there:
I judge the quality of life provided by an autonomous society model or
lifestyle (also) from how it guarantees all these **functional
outputs**, not from *what* it consumes or in which quantities.
I **never** said the contrary, so all this effort is not necessary. I
say that to live well you need also need things or services that
cannot be manufactured or managed on a local, small, P2P scale only.
but I'm not the one who dislikes such scenarios. You don't have to
tell this to me, I could have written this myself. Your example proves
my point. It is just another case where, IMO, the small farm or
community of idealists simply won't be able to be self-dependent and
live decently in the long term. Not until they recreate, with many
other communities some large organization which, at least in
principle, is exactly what they were trying to escape and leave behind
in the first place.
My point is simply that, if there is no way to become completely free
of some centralization and/or and mass production and live decently
(and frankly, I have read no proofs against this yet, just lots of
nice dreams and wishes), it may make much sense not to try to get rid
of it altogether (*) or at least it would be more intellectually
honest to acknowledge it. The only reason why I engaged in the
discussion which led to the article cited above was exactly reading
claims of "we're almost there yet, and that's a sustainable lifestyle"
(*) the FOSS community loves to express this concept as "those who try
to get alternatives to Unix are condemned to reinvent it poorly"
as long as those consumption needs are fairly constant over time,
yes. I consider a grid necessary because I usually prefer to think
more in terms of little-steps evolution of large, existing communities
than to small groups starting from scratch (or leapfrogging). In any
case it's irrelevant, my basic point is whether one can live decently
(as defined above) with a feudal organization and lifestyle, that is
without any permanent relationship, interdependence or coordination
with people living more than a few kilometers from one's doorstep.
I wrote that paper exactly because I found arguments like those in my
as I said at the beginning, please (re)read my paper.
I'm not complaining, of course, as it was a stimulating discussion and
all its consequences so far, including this message of yours, seem to
confirm my position.

@_date: 2008-10-07 09:43:33
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Michel, may I ask you to please have a look at
Catholic has nothing to do with it, and not even politics. The reports
may be biased themselves, of course, but they usually are about
economic discrimination of, and unfair competition with, any business
which is not "cooperatives associated with the one BIGGEST left-party",
regardless of its legal form or the political ideas of affiliations of
their managers or owners.

@_date: 2008-10-10 09:38:54
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Basic income, was: Zeitgeist Addendum 
I would like to read more about basic income. More exactly, I've
already read some generic, basic descriptions and proposals pro basic
income.  More links are welcome, but right now I'd specifically like
to read about:
1) objections and attacks to basic income (the "this sucks and will
   never work and here's why" kind of paper)
2) pro-basic-income papers which are specific answers /counter attacks
   to the papers of type 1.
Thanks in advance for any pointer. For the record, I've already found
 I will (slowly) go through those
links, but others are welcome.
Another reason to ask for more is that I've found several problems in
that page and, honestly, I don't know enough on the matter yet to dare
fix it myself, that is to find myself and insert worthwhile links and
For example, several links in that page which fit the two points above
return "page not found" or point to abstracts, not whole articles: cfr
the "Resources in English - Articles" section. Another thing I've
found is that  isn't the Basic Income Earth Network
anymore and even the Basic Income Studies (BIS) journal link returns a
 server not found error.
PS: thanks in advance also for avoiding HTML, extra long quotes and
top posting, see

@_date: 2008-10-11 12:01:07
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
no problem :-)
I did not meant them in that way. I wrote "local, small, P2P scale" to
"sum" the three terms, not "local _or_ small _or_ P2P scale", sorry
for the confusion.  What I suggest is that local, small scale
self-production isn't capable to produce certain necessary objects
(and possibly some services, like reliable telecom). I say that maybe
it isn't sufficient, that to live well you need a society where there
still is, at least for some things, mass production and/or delegation.
as long as this also supports people who must remain full time
professionals doing one thing full time, because it's so highly
complex that it's unsafe or plain dumb to do otherwise, I have no
major problems with that. The easiest example (but there are surely others) of full time
professionals to not touch is doctors. Would you trust somebody who
grabs a surgical blade only once every six weeks because he or she has
to self produce his own bricks, food, clothes... to slice your belly
or fill a cavity?
I have no problems either, in principle, with your other two points.
OK :-)
Thanks for posting plain text.
       Marco

@_date: 2008-10-11 12:34:20
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Basic income, was: Zeitgeist Addendum 
I have. I had not directly stepped in because of this:
that is, the hope that someone more knowledgeable could have both
fixed the errors _and_ added more stuff. However, I have just updated
or declared as broken (in the  case) those
Again, thanks in advance also for avoiding HTML, extra long quotes and
top posting, see

@_date: 2008-10-11 12:59:43
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is Web 2.0 Really Democratic? 
the two parts I liked the most are:
1) Rheingold's answers to the first two questions:
"Is this participation really democratic?"
"Or is this a democracy paradox, where everyone can interact but the
decision making places are all outside the net?"
I fully agree with everything he wrote in those two answers.
2) This comment from Michel:
and I add: the same "not being well suited for decision making" could
also be said for e-voting as is today.
The web can and should guarantee much more effective denunciation of
wrongs, as well as information and checking of what the people in
charge are doing and why, without intermediaries:
       Making much faster and easier to find relationships between
       Parliament members and multinationals
       making mashups or instant dynamic maps which show that only the
       senators who live far from some place _or_ own stocks in
       nuclear companies approved the building of a nuclear plant in
       that site
       search engines which list everything a candidate said on a
       given argument, to see if he or she was coherent
       entering your ZIP code and knowing instantly how your taxes
       were spent, ie which percentage went to each city, county or
       state budget voice, and why, that is thanks to which law and
       who voted it.
this kind of things (=more control and accountability), yes, the more
the better, I devoted one chapter to the Family Guide in the signature
to this. But e-voting, instant voting, online decision making to get
rid of representatives... all these things scare me like hell and I
hope the last two never come to politics.
That is stuff which is OK for voting who should be expelled from a
reality shows like Big Brother, not for stuff which has real impact
on real people lives. I see in them:
- too many possibilities for big scale tampering
- (for national politics only, not necessarily for local
  administration) inherent limits: the world is too complex for
  everybody to be competent enough on every possible issue, or have
  time to study in depth the matter of every possible decision.

@_date: 2008-10-12 20:20:37
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
of course, but I wasn't excluding the kind of "p2p-ness" you mention
when I wrote "let's not touch doctors".
Writing that, I only mean that if you want quality of life (the best
possible health care, in this case) there are fields where it doesn't
make sense to go for the "everybody does everything he needs
personally or with his peers".
There must be somebody, instead, who does it full time, to get as good
as he can, and cannot be distracted by the need to grow his own food
or make his own clothes or home personally. If somebody has to open me
or drill my teeth, I want he or she to be people who have practiced
full time for years before getting even close to me, not part-timers.
And I don't want to hear from them "your wisdom tooth will have to
wait, because if I don't harvest my field this week I won't eat for
the whole winter". This doesn't exclude at all what you propose.
It's the same thing I said about politics, basically: the more direct
control and exchange of informations from "end users", the more
accountability, the better. And producing as much as possible one
needs personally or locally, great. But to live well the system must
allow for specialists.

@_date: 2008-09-03 22:28:54
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P law presentation and cleaning? 
probably several of you already know this guy, but here's an
initiative which, besides being good in itself, also has a potential
"p2p production" side:
"Carl Malamud... wants California -- and every other federal, state
and local agency -- to drop their copyright claims on law, contending
it will pave the way for innovators to create new ways of searching
and presenting laws."
Full story at:
Related note/question/proposal: theoretically, having all those texts
online in an editable form would be great for producing
collaboratively, through a wiki, a much cleaner, understandable,
slimmer (=democratic?) corpus of laws. It would be the first step to
allow everybody to produce and propose:
- simpler texts of existing laws, ie formulations which have the same
  legal meaning of the current one but don't require a law degree and
  a pint of analgesics to understand them. Here in Italy we have
  several words which ONLY exist in the text of some laws...
- works that prove that a law is redundant/overlapping/
  obsolete/unapplicable or in plain contrast with other existing laws,
  making it much simpler to gather popular support for proposals to
  abolish, rewrite or improve that law
I even talked with a lawyer friend of mine last year because I'd have
liked to put together something like this in Italy, but the same
problem Malamud is fighting plus other complications and, of course,
lack of time, made the idea die almost immediately. Does something
like this already exist in other countries?
     Marco

@_date: 2008-09-25 08:28:14
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project "10 the 100" 
You probably already heard of it, but given all the recent talks here
about how to make happen or financially substain world-changing
activities you may be interested in

@_date: 2009-04-19 12:31:24
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Complete statistics on illegal downloads, anybody? 
we continuously see lots of statistics proving, so to speak, how big
and bad digital piracy is, that is how many millions of copyrighted
files are illegally downloaded every hour, day, month, etc..
I am looking for some more info on this matter, namely:
1) of each million downloads, how many are of movies and songs which,
   at that same moment, one could see in a theater, or buy or rent on
   DVD/CD? How many of that million downloads are movies and songs
   which are in the top charts in the same moment? How many are
   pictures are from the last calendar of some bikini model? And how
   many of those downloads, instead, are of works older than, say, 20
   years or not available anymore, for whatever reason, for sale or
   rent? Oh, and how many illegal downloads are of _books_?
2) How many downloaded files are actually **used**? I have a very
   strong feeling that many people, especially younger ones, simply
   download 24/7 all they can just because it's cool, everybody does
   it, it increases rank in some networks (a), collector's mania and
   so on... but after download many of those files are **never**
   opened by who downloaded them
So, are there any "official" statistics which answer these specific
Thank you in advance for any feedback,
      Marco Fioretti
      digital rights at (a) see here for an example:

@_date: 2009-04-21 19:34:56
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Marginalism - the religion 
Well said. At a first glance, I agree with practically everything you
answered, but where is the message you answered to? Any link?
Oh, and here's are a few more of links about the "marginal" costs of
copying or storing bits:
(much more general)

@_date: 2009-04-21 20:04:17
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Marginalism - the religion 
Sorry, I forgot another (IMO) relevant one" "net neutrality is just a
USA problem, because their ISPs were so fool to believe, or let their
users believe, that copying bits around has zero marginal costs":
Copying and moving bits well (ie maintaining large networks and server
farms up and running at five nines) *does* cost. And IMO making the
end users pay at least part of it by combinations of:
a) cheap flat rate but lower top speed connections (say from 512KB up)
b) connections with much higher top speeds but no flat rate, or with much higher costs
is both fairer, much more democratic and p2p and much less
"big-brotherly" than ending net neutrality and putting all costs on
the content producers, as that would put individual bloggers,
entrepreneurs, etc... in a much worst position than corporations who
could afford to pay those costs.
If you want the Net to reach everybody at the lowest possible cost,
what's wrong in keeping flat but "low speed" connections available at
very low fares, and letting the people who **must** download every
movie and song around to feel good... pay for that with their own
pockets? You don't need 10 MBits/sec 24/7 to use public services, stay
informed, do home banking, upload posts to a blog, download a Linux
distro once every other month, etc... This basic use of the Internet
is or should indeed be a right to use at a **fixed**,
as-low-as-possible cost.
There are many people who don't buy Internet access because even the
cheapest available plan is ALREADY built on the assumption that most
people want to download multimedia every second of their lives.
What truly stresses the networks is video streaming or sharing every
crap song or every episode of every TV show in existence is something
else entirely, and copyright has nothing to do with all this. It *may*
be a right, but surely is not as basic as the uses above, so if there
are many, many people who couldn't care less, why should they
subsidize the others?

@_date: 2009-04-22 05:47:20
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
I really have to ask: what the heck there is of "peer to peer" in the
Pirate Bay or in the larger file sharing community, besides the mere
**technical** protocol used to download and redistribute the files?
I'm not saying that those people are criminals, nor am I defending the
current copyright system or the corporations which abuse of it.
But I find very, very little overlap between that and P2P as in "P2P
production", "P2P cultural exchange", "commons-based peer production
and knowledge exchange," and most of what is written at
 starting
from the "our aims" box, or at
That is all stuff about being equals, about everybody being a
producer, etc...
99.99% of the people who share the overwhelming majority of the music,
video and proprietary software found at Pirate Bay, Kazaa, Emule or
whatever else is trendy these days, don't even know that a
p2pfoundation.net website exists, don't really care about what it
advocates, and never remix or make any derivative work of what they
put into, or get from those networks.
They are passive and pretty happy with being passive. They put or get
into the network, AS IS, what SOMEBODY ELSE produced (mostly chosing
commercial manure, mass produced by large corporations). They don't
even really care about each other, besides sharing their IP numbers so
they can all download faster. More exactly: they may very well be all
wonderful, caring people who give every penny they earn and every
minute of their time to help other human beings, but they certainly
don't need what happens on Pirate Bay and similar to accomplish that
So, again, I am NOT saying that the current copyright system is good
or that the users of file sharing networks are bad people. But I
remain quite baffled whenever I see what happens and is advocated on
lists like this one, or at p2pfoundation.net... called and considered
the same thing as what happens at Pirate Bay. Really.
Marco Fioretti

@_date: 2009-04-22 06:46:51
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
Even if it were, it doesn't change the issue: "p2p-ness" at the mere
technical, transmission level has nothing to do with the philosophy.
If people use software built around technically p2p routing algorithms
it doesn't mean at all that they know or are embracing P2P in the
cultural/philosophical sense
I admit that I have not considered "really" home made videos, that is
videos made for pure home use: but I feel that adding the "Rocky"
soundtrack to one's holiday or wedding video, which will only be seen
by relatives and close friends, wouldn't count as "distribution" and
should be left out of this discourse.
I wasn't even thinking of YouTube, that's indeed something for
"producers", ie active people. I refer to Pirate Bay and similar,
which I understand to be much bigger than Youtube (when it comes to
non-self produced content, at least)
Another thing which proves my point is the protocol itself. Pirate Bay
is popular because it distributes torrents. Torrents make sense only
when there are many people who want the same new thing in the same
moment. Try to download any 2008 Linux distribution (something which
whoever wanted it, already got months ago) with a torrent: it's much
slower than FTP. So Pirate Bay or any other torrent network being
popular is a proof that purely passive consumption is the overwhelming
rule, ie that they are not P2P in the "p2p foundation" sense.
Then you may want to read this:
which may bring in another, indirect proof of my thesis. When I wrote
that article, I noticed a very strong fracture. I asked "what do you
think of CC" to many people worldwide, more than mentioned in the
article. Some answer were positive, other negative, but one thing was
constant. Almost 100% of the people from "first world" spoke mostly
about multimedia, audio/video mashup, unrestrained creativity and all
these cool things that (relatively) rich people have the possibility
and inclination to care about.
All people from developing countries only spoke about education. They
wouldn't even bother to think or explain why music, for example,
should be CC, they talked of (mixing) textbooks, scientific papers and
so on.
If Pirate Bay and friends mostly contained this second kind of stuff,
then it would make sense to call them "P2P" as in "active producers
and promoters of free as in freedom culture". Their "top 100" list is
a proof that, whatever they do, they either are purely passive
consumers or, as you say, people looking for a cool soundtrack of
their basically private videos, so they shouldn't be called in the
same way.

@_date: 2009-04-22 08:22:55
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
I have already mentioned in my answer to Andy that necessary/
inevitable piracy (textbooks) and the general attitude in Asia is a
different thing in principle, and is not the bulk of what happens on
Pirate Bay anyway. Incidentally, by definition the bulk of those
downloads is from (relatively) rich people, that is those who can
afford broadband. You don't participate in any meaningful way to p2p
torrents with a 56K dial-up connection.
I have different opinions on this, but I won't answer (not here and
now, at least, maybe in a different thread) because I would really
like to keep this thread focused on my original observation: this is
not about judging or attacking at all, is only about calling things
with their actual name.
What I am saying right now is that I find (at least) pretty misleading
to dump together in one pot what you/we preach as P2P with "taking
stuff because we finally can do it for free", even if the latter is
good, harmless, innovative and what not.
Besides being intrinsically misleading, it's also uneffective/
counterproductive as a communication strategy, at least outside
academia and circles of people who alrady are activists. If you go to
a generic parent's association meeting and send the message that
what's happening at Pirate Bay is innovative philosophy... to parents
who know VERY well that their OWN kids have no interest in anything
but watching O.C and downloading music to their iPods, you'll probably
fail to reach them.

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:51:11
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Internet Is Absolute Democracy - Be Very Afraid! 
"Bob Thompson, professor of popular culture at Syracuse University...
is concerned about the Internet's corrosive impact on "the precarious
nature of authority. It's potentially dangerous. It's a complete
democratization of information where unverified knowledge is often the
result of our own emotional state"
I instinctively _feel_ this is connected somehow with recent threads
about the dangers of iperconnectivity, ie the lack of evolution inside
systems where everybody thinks the same thing thanks to the Internt,
through I still have to work out how.

@_date: 2009-04-22 22:53:48
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
I don't think it's correct to call Pirate Bay "gift economy", just as
it isn't correct to call it P2P in the "high" or any
"above-merely-technical" sense, exactly for this reason:
You can talk of gift economy when it is the original creator, artist,
whatever, who puts what he/she did in the commons.
Real P2P, that is exchange among equal peers, where everybody is
producer and user/consumer at the same time, yes, that is something
that by definition cannot entirely be "sharing without caring". But
Pirate Bay users (or the founders, for that matter...) aren't sharing
anything that *they* did. They are not giving any gift, as they aren't
giving up anything of theirs. (*)
IMO, what they do is more like what happens with free newspapers
distributed at subway stations in European cities. Those who come
early in the morning grab a free copy, read it in the subway, leave it
on the seat because they don't need it anymore and it's easier than
carrying it to the recycle bin, then people coming in grab the paper,
read it, leave it on the seat... Nothing wrong with that, of course,
but can it ever be defined P2P or "gift economy"?
Whether an author or a publisher can or cannot claim any copyright on
some work in the first place is an entirely separate question, of
course. It doesn't change the fact that (regardless of what to do
about it, being indulgent or not, etc..) file sharing a-la-Pirate-Bay
isn't P2P and it's counterproductive for a real P2P advocate to not
make the distinction.
(*) I don't know about music, but with DVD movies and computer games
DVDs, it's quite common for some people, at least here in Italy, to
rent 2/3/4 of them together, at BlockBuster or similar places, in the
afternoon and bring them all back in the early morning (there are
discounts for very short rentals). Of course, those people don't spend
the night sleepless playing or watching 4 movies in a row. They copy
everything on their PC in one hour, to watch the movies if and when
they'll feel like it. That's how some seeding happens, ie not even
"giving" to the community the cost of one DVD purchase. Again, no
judgement of any sort here about this, but let's be accurate, please.
Maybe it's sharing without caring or maybe is just giving media
corporations the slap they deserve for being so dumb, but it's not P2P
or gift economy.

@_date: 2009-04-23 08:22:50
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] One more link re: P2P economics .. 
Sorry, but I didn't say they're making a **lot** of money. I said
"define little: I wouldn't be surprised if they made quite more money
than **us**"   :-)
And of course, for all I know, they could have very well donated all
their TPB earnings to some charity, which would be great, but not
relevant to my observation.
I searched for it but didn't find more than what I already posted. I
don't think it's public yet. This would be a good new crusade for
groklaw, wouldn't it? To study and report about all the TPB documents,
I mean.
All I can note is that:
- incorporating in a tax haven (which I'm sure TPB also did for the
  advantage of their users, ie keeping their operations outside of
  EU/RIAA legal reach) also leaves more money in their pockets, by
  definition
- still by definition, running a torrent tracker network has bandwidth
  costs much, much lower than those of, say, youtube, because they
  don't host any big file themselves, do they?

@_date: 2009-04-23 11:04:36
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Internet Is Absolute Democracy - 
I don't really know what to answer because I have the feeling that
both of you either haven't read the whole article or have mixed who
says what.
For example, they (Thompson and Alderman) are not "now saying
everybody thinks the same on the internet". *I* said that, but simply
to share an (absolutely instinctive, unjustified) feeling that this HP
article and other recent threads here are somehow connected.
And (at least) Alderman doesn't invoke Internet control to protect the
unwhashed masses. He doesn't fear democracy, as in "everybody
**actually** using their own brains in the best possible way,
individually, to make real sense of things and build a better
world". Quite the contrary, actually.

@_date: 2009-04-23 11:22:26
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Order .. is boring 
Sense, it would make sense all right. The question is just how to find
(or offer...) a job where one can show up ONE working day per week AND
still get enough to pay SEVEN days of shelter, food, clothes,
Finding a job as a waiter on saturdays already is pretty easy, the
problem is how to survive only on the kind of salary you're offered in
such cases.
In practice, of course, in really creative, highly qualified jobs it
could certainly be possible, and it would be great. even if I suspect
it would be much more sustainable with a different scheduling: work
like a dog for one month (ie deliver asap), then relax four months,
then back to office... Yes, I would surely sign up for a job
arrangement of this kind if the monthly average income were high
enough to not force me to look for other paid work in the "relax"

@_date: 2009-04-23 11:27:35
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Internet Is Absolute Democracy - 
maybe this is what _Thompson_ thinks (or that's how it looks from his
quotes, at least) but not at all what the journalist, starting from
Thompson as a pretext, concludes:
   The answer lies with us, dear reader.. It's about critical
   thinking, the ability to hear, see or read a story and ask - what's
   the context, who's saying what, is the source reliable, what might
   be missing?  What's the real who, what, how, when and why of the
   thing.
   ..an informed public making knowledgeable choices no matter how
   unfiltered the flow of limitless information. It certainly helps
   next time you hear Obama is a Muslim, you get AIDS from shaking
   hands, or someone has weapons of mass destruction.
how is this equal to "wouldn't it be nice to have the gatekeepers back
in charge"?

@_date: 2009-04-23 15:31:03
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Problems with digests.  p2presearch Digest, 
this is just a guess: this list is managed with the mailman software,
which has an option, called digest_size_threshold, to "send out
digests when the size has reached a certain threshold, otherwise, the
one digest they receive could be huge" (see
On this list there also are many people who are wonderful guys
(seriously!) but post in HTML, add huge signatures every time and
never trim messages before replying to them. Such a behavior,
especially when they start replying to each other, can make the digest
size reach that threshold more often than expected.
**If** I'm right, what is happening is that these habits are
(regardless of general netiquette) incompatible with the present
configuration of this list, in the sense that digest subscribers
aren't being served as they asked.
The solution is to change either the habits or the mailman settings,
(cfr the URL above). In both cases, you'd better check directly with
the list administrator.

@_date: 2009-04-24 07:43:35
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Are e-books likely to disappear, 
Agreed, but then it may be better to go with separate threads. Anyway:
besides "physical" issues (paper less tiring for the eyes than some
monitors, the feeling of a "real" book) etc... there's another
critical issue with many e-books, even ignoring DRM: proprietary or
otherwise custom formats.
See slide 30 of  or I can pass my paper books to my children, grandchildren etc... without
any problem. Above all, I can keep reading them even if I change brand
of glasses or bind them into a new cover when the old one breaks. What
happens if you buy an e-book for kindle, sony, etc..., and next year
somebody else makes a much better e-book reader which you want to buy?

@_date: 2009-04-26 04:14:06
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Internet Is Absolute Democracy - Be 
yes, that's one of the links I instinctively felt when I first read
the article, thanks.

@_date: 2009-04-28 18:58:30
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] About "Failing business models for user-generated 
(note: below I refer to several URLs and threads passed here recently,
ie potentially already familiar to all the subscribers of this
list. If anybody thinks this is worth putting online somewhere, I'll
put together an HTML version with all the links)
The last post at the P2P Foundation blog
is a good occasion to share some thoughts and doubts I've had for
years about the "fast, universal Net access for everybody" dogma.
I deliberately focus on what is actually doable, good and necessary
**now** (0 to ~30 years), not on how life could be or will be for our
There are a few concepts to re-analyze together here:
1) production, replication and distribution of digital goods costs nothing, or practically nothing
2) centralized infrastructures (think YouTube, Flickr, etc...) are much more expensive than distributed infrastructures (file sharing networks from Napster to TPB and beyond)
3) regardless of its architecture, the costs of the infrastructure should/could be distributed (socialized)
4) fast, cheap, unmetered internet access is good, necessary and a human right, like education, etc...
Concept  is, very often, a myth. Producing and keeping up and
running all the material infrastructure needed to copy and distribute
willy-nilly "immaterial" goods has a huge cost. Huge. Read for
 With respect to concept  bandwidth is bandwidth and storage is
storage. I am not sure that changing from concentrated to distributed
would reduce so much the order of magnitude of the cost mentioned in
the links above. More on this in a moment.
I am not sure that performance and reliability would always be at
least equal in the distributed case. Downloading a video from a
professional server farm like YouTube's takes more or less the same
time now and one month from now. Whereas downloading via torrents is
faster only if you want what everybody else is downloading, or at
least seeding, in the same moment. This is a minor point however.
A more important issue is if the real cost of one billion desktops and
fast bidirectional connections, all "forced" to be servers/sources
because there is no centralized structure built in a much more
professional, highly efficient way, using much less raw materials and
energy. Are there any data about this?
Back to the cost of distributed vs "centralized content distribution"
networks. I recently found some numbers about a very efficient, highly
decentralized content distribution networks, ie spam. Spam today is
mostly generated and redistributed by infected desktops but still
dissipates 33TWh/year:
 So, the first two points could be summarized as "no matter how you do
it, production, replication and distribution of digital goods of the
scale advocated by proponents of universal access, worldwide free
flowing culture and communication, etc...has a very big, very material
cost. Better wake up and accept it"
At this point, we can move to "who should pay for it". It's an
important decision, because the cost **is** huge but the benefits to
society of fast, universal connectivity should be even bigger.
Personally, I am sure that there are a lot of important things that,
from a human/civil right standpoint, everybody should have the
possibility (someetimes the duty!) to do online: communicate, study,
check what the government is doing to keep it under control, publish
opinions, work, etc... I'm convinced that the more people actually use
the Internet in this way, the better, so I could agree with a law that
says "doing these things is a basic right, so everybody must be
connected and the related costs must be entirely socialized"
The point is, to do all those things you don't need broadband. Not the
kind the ISPs want to sell these days, to transform the Internet in
the next TV.
I think that to make your own life and the world better, a stable,
flat-rate connection at 512KBps or so is enough these days, so I could
support socializing the costs of connecting everybody in that way. I
would be happy if flat rate Internet offers where I live didn't start
at ~20 Euro/month for 5 MBps but from something like 5 Euro/month for
512KBps. Why don't they?
But is it really necessary and fair to subsidize the cost of both the
access and (above all) the backbone infrastructure that would be
needed to keep everybody hooked at 5, 10, 20 MB?? I'm not saying it
would be bad, but if it costs too much (especially in these times) and
it isn't really necessary...
There are tons of "content" online that could take much less space and
bandwidth. I find all the time podcasts or video tutorials which are
in that form ONLY because the author wouldn't take the time to
transcript what he said. So we're all left with something that takes
much more to download, isn't indexable as efficiently as text, is much
slower to navigate back and forth, much harder to mix and mash with
other content...
Here are a few cases where real fast broadband isn't, IMO, something
whose costs should be socialized (remember that you can't really
separate the costs of access from those of backbone)
- if you're stuck with cloud computing or software as a service,
  including any webmail or online office suite, that is if you gave up
  control of who owns and sees all your data. If so, you have a
  separate problem which would remain even if bandwidth were really
  gratis
- online games
- digital bulimia, that is downloading everything you find, even if
  you'll never need it, "just because it's there"
Please note that, even if you're a "producer", ie a private citizen
who blogs on whatever argument, a small business or an artist who puts
online his/her works, it can MAKE much more technical/ecological/
economical sense to rent for that a virtual server in a professional
datacenter in a country which gives a minimum of warranties about
civil rights... than to run a website from the second-hand PC in your
closet which could break every second and consumes much more power
than a virtual one (Virtual servers are NOT cloud computing!).
The solution? Maybe it is to subsidize "basic flat connectivity" as
described above, and let everything else to be paid directly by those
who have or feel the need for it.
More exactly: instead of an infrastructure based on the dogma that
everybody needs and wants 10+ MBps to everything else worldwide,
dimension network and fees so that the basic connectivity costs much
less than today, but the "heavy users" pay by themselves the burden
they place on the network (ie on everybody else and the environment),
since very often what they're doing is NOT bad, but isn't really
necessary to society as a whole.
This is NOT an attack to net neutrality, of course.  In this context,
a good read is "Net neutrality: An American problem?"
 (I agree with those
Australian ISPs!).
This approach is just recognizing that advertising like "for just one
low fee you're entitled to unlimited traffic" (which, by the way, is
exactly what keeps running today's decentralized file sharing
networks!!!) never was nothing more than an unsustainable marketing
This isn't even anything new, by the way. It has been a well known
fact of life among webmasters for YEARS that "if an hosting provider
gives you unlimited bandwidth, he's either incompetent or not 100%
honest. There can't be anything like "unlimited bandwidth". All
hosting providers cut traffic, because their network would melt or
cost too much otherwise. It's just that the good ones tell it to you
fair and square in advance, in the contract, how and when they will do
it". Search in any webmaster forum and you'll find posts repeating
these concepts since the nineties, and they never changed.
So the only news here may be the wish that literally everybody (not
just "professionals") can become a producer, or at least a
(re)distributor, without analyzing if the goal is (at least in the
medium/short term) intrinsically sustainable, or generally worth of
being completely socialized.
Marco Fioretti
Digital Rights writings:

@_date: 2009-04-29 08:41:29
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
sorry, I really wanted to answer this as it came, but it got lost in a
lot of other messages.
I don't think I am misunderstanding those claims. Whether I'm right or
not is another issue, of course, but my core point is simply that,
inside Pirate Bay and similar networks, the **amount* of activity which
**consciously** happens because of, and is inspired by, real P2P culture, values and so on is *much* smaller than most of you think.
The real costs of this "infinite reproducibility" and "inherent
abundance" are huge (and I'm NOT talking of copyright, IP, etc...), so
it's worth wondering if it's fair to spread all of them even on people
who couldn't care less of file sharing. I wrote about this in the
message I sent to this list yesterday titled "About "Failing business
models for user-generated content". Please have a look to it and reply
to that if you have any feedback.
It takes real labour and real, very limited personal time to produce
quality information.  See the post from me starting with "Here I am
again" at
If you have any comment, I welcome them, but please let's make a
separate thread of that, as it's a much more general issue.
but sharing already downloaded files impacts upload speed, much more
than downloads.
I know, although not in all details, what seeding is and how file
sharing networks work. Just like I know that in many of those networks
how fast you can download depends on how much you leave available for
upload, even if that's not the case of Bit Torrent, IIRC, so you are
forced to leave it on.
Or like I know that the world is still full of people who leave their
VCR or all the lights in their home on for days, or their PC on 24/7
just because they forget it, or can't be bothered to wait a few
minutes when they go back to their desk in the morning (see links in
my post sent yesterday for the overall greenhouse cost of such
Or like I know that many computer users never change the defaults of
many programs they use, and that the default settings of several BT
clients is "seeding on"
Again, I don't think that all your models are wrong, bad or
unpracticed. It's just that, if I apply the "simplest explanation
often is the right one" to this case, I find it quite unlikely that
file sharing participants who are this conscious and philosophical are
not a (little) minority. Especially after looking at which the most
torrented files are.
The only real thing we disagree is actual percentages, ie how big each
class of users is. That's why I pointed out that, whatever one thinks
of them, maybe calling TPB users "champions of P2P culture" or
anything of that sort is a bit misleading.

@_date: 2009-12-06 12:35:38
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
agreed. One of the things I hope to cover in a "digital awareness"
course I'll start next week is just the fact that people need to stop
delegating this and the services below to others.
And the same applies to email, calendaring, etc
This said, it's not free, because to do things well you need to rent a
Virtual Private Server in some professional data center, which means
several Euro (>= 10/15) each month, so it's simply out of reach for
many people, especially because this is something every individual
should do by him/herself.
And it's not trivial at all. More exactly, it is trivial for somebody
who already has the right basic skills, knowledge and attitude for
messing with command line installation and configuration of server
software. But that is just what, 3/4% of people?
For all the others (*), software is still equivalent to terribly
complicated black magic: if you can't avoid it you use it, but don't
even try to understand it, you don't dare alter the spells others told
you to repeat and you couldn't imagine anything less productive, or
more boring/dangerous, than reading the instruction manual for those
This does not mean that that 3/4% of people are better or superior to
all the others in any way, of course. I run my own mail server but am
completely helpless in other areas. It only means that we're all
different, and it would be counterproductive to forget it.
I plan to write a piece on some of the social impacts of this by the
end of the month, will post here the link when done.
    Marco
(*) and this includes most people who are advanced MS Office or
OpenOffice users, run a blog at blogspot.com, wordpress.com and
similar, or spend their day in Facebook, Twitter and other social

@_date: 2009-12-06 14:57:17
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
It can cost much more, at least here and many other countries, and
will be much, much less reliable anyway. With many residential ADSL
contracts you only get dynamic IP addresses and are not allowed to run
servers. Port 25 incoming (=receiving email from the Internet for
people not in the know) is blocked period by most ISPs on such
contracts, until the day some class action will put an end to
this. Today, to have fixed IP and no ports closed you must get a
business contract, which is much more than 10/15 Euro/month.
Besides, any home computer is much less reliable than a server in a
professional datacenter. If a fuse blows up at home and fries your
computer while you're on a business trip, you're toast. And I don't
see what's different if the computer is a pogoplug or a normal one.

@_date: 2009-12-06 17:19:56
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
to the best of my knowledge, you cannot specify port numbers in mx DNS
records. See "incoming SMTP port" at
This means that if you run the email server at home but your
ISP blocks port 25 incoming, other mail servers will find yours (by
reading the mx record) but won't be able to talk with it: because they
will try to do it through port 25 which is blocked by the ISP, and
won't know which other port they could use.
All the mailboxes and configuration of my VPS mail server are already
regularly backed up elsewhere. The probability of blackouts, hardware
failures, hardware theft, unavailable connectivity and so on are
orders of magnitude lower in a data center than in any private
residence, so I'll continue to use a remote VPS. If they screw up, I
can find another provider, get a new account and migrate there all my
data and email management in two days. Communication privacy would
really exist only if it were possible to only use crypted email for
all personal messages, but that is still impossible because of people,
so it wasn't an issue when I decided how to manage my email.
This said, a couple of comments:
I'm talking mostly about communications, you mostly about access to
one's private data. They're both important, but different problems.
Personally I would have no problem in continuing discussions about
NAT, dynamic DNS and so on, but there's no better way I could find to
make sure that nobody else on the list participates. I'd rather avoid
deeply technical discussions here.

@_date: 2009-12-06 17:45:17
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
With all respect, this is the wrong question. The question is "how can
we make peple realize that a) there's no need for such a government,
b) it's in everybody's interest to take management of their
communications in their own hands?"
What I see is lots of people going "I'd rather be tortured than learn
how to choose and configure software, so I'll fatalistically go for
total loss of privacy here and now, never mind 2019"
Yes, this is a serious problem, but not really the one we started
from, is it?
Even the discourse about limiting corporation rights (which is really
interesting for me, thanks Michel for the link!)... I am not sure how
relevant it is to this other one. If it's already possible (at the
software level, physical infrastructure is another issue) to
communicate without multinationals, why discuss how they should be
regulated, in this context at least? I mean, they should be regulated
for a lot of reasons, but having reliable and easy to use email is
definitely not one of them.

@_date: 2009-12-06 18:02:46
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
Yes. What I meant to say is that we should at least keep the language
as non-technical as possible or add explanations whenever we have to
use technical jargon. I agree with almost everything in your last
message, by the way, but now must go offline for a few hours, that's
why I won't add further comments for now.
    Marco

@_date: 2009-12-06 22:07:25
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
One risks on lists with a mission like the one p2presearch has is that
most discussions can go off a tangent very quickly, building or
analyzing futuristic models, even when there is no need. The problems
signalled at the beginning of this thread can be solved or greatly
reduced, simply learning how to use some software or hardware already
available today.
This is not a critique to your proposal per se. Your plan is
interesting. I am just pointing out that there is no need of it to
solve the particular issue at the origin of this thread. Considered
from that point of view, seems like killing an ant with a nuclear
bomb. Is living without gmail really more difficult than reforming or
replacing corporations? Just curious, any mail client is OK with me if
used properly.
     Marco

@_date: 2009-12-07 19:09:47
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FWD: Re:  Google gets into the DNS business 
(for some reason this message didn't go through this morning, when I
first sent it)

@_date: 2009-02-18 17:28:54
@_author: Marco Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Article on Creative Commons is now online 
Dear friends,
Last november I asked you material, comments and pointers for an
article about the "Creative Commons Ecosystem". I'm writing to let you
know that that article is now fully readable online. You are
encouraged to post comments/updates/additions to its content at the
attached forum:
obviously, you're also encouraged to announce the article and spread
the invitation to join the discussion as much as you see fit. The
article was edited a bit more and a bit differently than I expected,
but I still think, or hope at least, that I made a decent job of
presenting points of view and achievements from parts of the world
that many people in Europe wrongly tend to ignore.

@_date: 2009-02-19 08:13:39
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
in other words, "how could we be running out of these materials in
~10/15 years if we are making such a large use of them today"???? Is
this your counter-argument, ie the reason why you find funny that part
of the critique?
Did you, in order to fabricate displays for those projects, have to
study in depth ITO world reserves, or came into in-depth studies on
the same subject? If yes, what were the results? If not, how is that
activity of yours relevant?
On this you're right, of course . But the arguments and data you
provided so far contain nothing that can actually counter that
statement from that scientist (does his nationality matter, btw???),
do they?
Speaking of efficient use of resources: for heaven's sake, dear list
members, please do learn to quote email properly. Don't retransmit to
many people, every time, KBytes and KBytes of text they had already
received. On a global scale, this is one, not the biggest of course,
reasons which keep consumption of raw materials for networks and
drives higher than necessary. On a local scale: even if there were
only one member on this list who pays Internet connectivity per byte
or time... would it be polite to force that person to pay more just
because of carelessness?

@_date: 2009-02-19 09:37:01
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
OK, to begin with, for the second time in two hours:
with respect to this:
OK. Written this way it makes much easier to see what your point is,
thanks. Given the current economy, the "large funds available" part
does smell a bit funny though...
Sorry, couldn't resist. More seriously:
- eventually, the sky won't fall down, of course, but the real problem
  is scale and *time* to find and deploy a real alternative to Indium
  and Gallium worldwide. This is the "scale and time" problem
  explained by K. Cobb, which doesn't change a bit even if you're
  right, does it? Incidentally, the Reller and Graedel papers are
  almost two years old. Have there been any newer papers claiming
  they're wrong, or giving concrete evidence that transition to new
  materials is already feasible and can happen without major pain?
- on a related note, but directly linked to the original topic, that
  is "there's no energy crisis because nanosolar is already here",
  we've still got nothing to counter another objection by Cobb, have
  we? From
  Marco F.

@_date: 2009-02-19 11:55:49
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
No, for the simple reason that so far I agree with, and have nothing
to add to, what K. Cobb wrote, so why should I bother? His arguments
still seem to me more complete and robust than any answer you gave so
far, including (cfr the latest messages between you and Michel here on
the list) the "optimist view", which in and by itself is not much of a
"well reasoned argument". Considering what you've brought to the table
so far, I have nothing to add to what Cobb and then Michel already
expanded on the "time and scale" argument.
Especially until, speaking of maths and more proofs, there still are
these questions floating:
Of course, I may be wrong and you 100% right, no problem. It's just
that, at this point in the thread, I really have nothing to add,
whatever the reason for this lack of anything to reply may be.
Marco F.

@_date: 2009-02-19 12:28:07
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
IIRC, the point of *this* specific debate is *only* whether the
*specific* claim that "there is no energy crisis *because* nanosolar
will give us real cheap PV" is still credible after one finds out
- there is a report (almost two years old) saying Indium and Gallium
  will finish in <15 years or so
- right now, we know of no newer (or older) reports proving the
  contrary
- nanosolar doesn't seem to know about indium/gallium scarcity (which
  would drive prices to the roof) AND has no alternative technology that
  we know of
That's all, really. As far as I see, we were never debating "whether
or not we can keep the [whole] solar industry alive before gallium and
indium are depleted". I certainly wasn't, and certainly don't think
that the world will come to an end if and just because indium and
gallium disappear. It is even perfectly possible that there is no
energy crisis whatever. It's just that that specific argument to prove
it seems really weak.
Marco F.

@_date: 2009-02-19 12:35:18
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] reverting from pdf to word query 
In general, it isn't possible to go from PDF to real, editable text
files without information loss. From this point of view, PDF is little
more than a photography of the printed version of a document. So, if
there are text boxes floating around and/or multi-column text (as is
the case with my "Tragedy of Commons" article which I believe led you
to ask this question) you may have columns merged and, in general,
text mixed up the wrong way, ie these two columns in PDF:
Hello,        how are
Michel        you?
may become with some converters:
    	   Hello, how are Michel you?
This said, if you enter "pdf to word converter" in google several free
programs come up. Which one is best depend on your operating system,
the document type etc...
    HTH,
    Marco Fioretti

@_date: 2009-02-19 14:16:06
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
the last message of this thread I'll bother to read may indeed be this
one, if you please-for-the-third-time-in-a-day don't start following
proper email netiquette. Whether or not I make enough money to carry
on depends on how much time I spend to process email. Besides
bandwidth, if you keep top posting and don't even start with an
attribution line, I'm not going to scroll down and back every time
just to figure out if you were talking to me or not (this is not the
only list or thread I need to follow in order to work).
I think your assumption that the average CEO of these days does give a
damn of where the specific multinational he's leading today will be in
15+ years is the weakest seen so far in this thread. This doesn't mean
there is no alternative to gallium being in the works, of course.
If the executives of the 3 big USA automakers hadn't told their
government "we kept making big SUVs which would only make sense with
almost-free gas and an ever-growing economy until we completely
screwed up, please give us money" just a few weeks ago, I may have
less problems with such a statement.
In any case, to cut this short: I have no intention to discuss your
assumptions further, and in any case I have nothing to add. If you're
right, that's great. I still think that if we have to judge from what
came up in this thread your bases aren't any stronger than those of
Cobb, but that's just my opinion.

@_date: 2009-02-19 21:20:19
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
for some reason I had completely overlooked all the Wikipedia entries
at p2pfoundation.net. Thanks for the those pieces and all the
references they contain. I share many of your concerns. This is what I
wrote about one and a half year ago on the same topic, even if for a
different audience:

@_date: 2009-02-20 09:20:05
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
I respect Michel request to just drop this indium/gallium dead horse
for now on the list, that's why I just cut off that part. The only
thing I'm replying here is to congratulate you for your tact towards
people with disabilities of any kind:
I'll continue privately.
Marco F.

@_date: 2009-02-25 06:02:29
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
It just occurred to me that the right thing to do, or one of them at
least, would have been to contact directly A. Reller (the author of
that paper) and ask _him_ to put the paper online and/or comment to
the pages posted here which attak his thesis. I'm really sorry I
didn't think of this sooner.
Reller's email address is armin.reller, at physik.uni-augsburg.de.
I've already written to him privately and will report here any
feedback, but obviously you're all encouraged to do the same.

@_date: 2009-03-13 10:46:15
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 24 p2presearch moderator request(s) waiting 
I missed the initial phases of this discussion, so you may already
have answered this question, but...  why can't the list be
reconfigured to accept only email from subscribed users??? It may
appear less open than it is today, but wouldn'it be much better than
shutting it off?

@_date: 2009-03-13 14:57:06
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 24 p2presearch moderator request(s) waiting 
This list is ran with the mailman software, as you can see by reading
the list headers in every message coming through the list. Mailman
_should_ have somewhere a one-time setting to just discard, forever,
all messages not coming from list members. This is the easiest option,
fire and forget.
If I'm wrong on this, mailman administration interface DOES have for
sure a section to "tend to pending administrative request" and there
should be an option to discard all pending messages with one click. I
used it in the past when I administered lists. In this second case,
you still have to delete those mesages to avoid filling the server,
but is a one-minute task every week or two, depending on how much spam
the list gets as an average.
But I'm pretty sure there must be some once-and-for-all configuration
solution to do this, mailman is so widely used that this problem must
have happened hundreds of times before to other people.
In any case, it's just a matter of checking in the documentation. The
*real* problem is PR/social, so to speak: is it bad if, starting
monday, messages to the lists from unsubscribed people silently go to
the trash bin? (note, personally, the answer is "no", but I'm not the
owner/moderator of course).

@_date: 2009-03-13 15:03:57
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 24 p2presearch moderator request(s) waiting 
Changing the list disrupts service (all members should update their
address books, filtering rules, etc) and above all it's unnecessary,
especially if done that way. Even in theory (in practice, it wouldn't
be enough anyway) "remove all references from webpages" would be
absolutely useless unless it meant "stop keeping public archives". Do
we want that to happen?
The only solution is to configure mailman in such a way that:
*) all messages from unsubscribed users are either deleted
   automatically as they arrive, or
*) the whole queue of pending messages can be cleared with some
   one-click action from the administrator every once in a while,
   taking no more than 2/3 minutes per week.

@_date: 2009-03-16 07:10:50
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] About yahoo/google groups and p2p, 
As far as I understand, the problem of keeping this list active and
open to subscribers has been happily solved by now. Consequently, I
hope that relevant information and news for people interested in p2p
issues will continue to be posted here.
Personally, I try to stay away from google and yahoo groups as much as
I can for several reasons (privacy, features, full control on the list
manager software, archive structures etc..).
In addition to these general reasons, there is probably another one
which is even more relevant for a list like this: hosting p2p
discussions on a self ran, community developed software platform looks
much better, pr-wise if nothing else, than doing the same thing on a
centralized, partially closed structure controlled by one multinational.

@_date: 2009-03-16 09:03:48
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 24 p2presearch moderator request(s) waiting 
discard is much better than reject. The latter, in practice, is almost
like spamming. Spammers often use real "from" addresses stolen
somewhere online. If you reject a spam message, almost always you
actually spam with that message somebody who never sent it in the
first place.
Of course, if you silently discard, real, good faith posts from non
subscribers are removed forever and their senders will never
know... but this is a compromise you must accept if you want to keep
this manageable. And if you clearly announce that this is the new list
policy, your conscience is clear :-)
if addresses are hidden it doesn't hurt, of course, but no subscriber
should ever count on this to be a sufficient measure to avoid being
spammed, some day, at the addresss he or she uses to subscribe to this
or any other list.

@_date: 2009-03-20 07:26:52
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Lending for hardware hackers 
"A microcredit co-op bank has sprung up in Northern California, using
money pooled from hardware hackers to fund other open source hardware
hacking projects."
see

@_date: 2009-05-04 17:34:55
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] It's creativity, stupid -- protect it! 
regardless of the value of the article itself, or lack thereof, ( I
haven't even read it all yet, must leave in a minute) it may be a good
occasion (through the comments) to introduce links to alternative
views of the world to people (the average HP reader) who may not ever
meet them otherwise.

@_date: 2009-05-08 14:41:54
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
the only thing for which IPv6 would be needed is quantity, ie have
enough static IP addresses for every computer and then some.
Everything else you describe it's either built-in the IPv4 protocol
(path redundancy) or in DNS or already possible today. I and the lots
of other individual or businesses of any size who already run their
**own** mail servers **already** constitute, as a whole, "resilient
p2p email that does not crash unless the entire Internet goes down".
The reasons more people don't already do the same is a mix of cost,
real or perceived lack of skills, ignorance of the possibilities and
so on, but certainly not the lack of IPv6.
What I've been sincerely wondering for months now is how it's possible
that a p2p-research and advocacy list, of all places, has so many
members "running" their own email with gmail, that is in the way which
is as far as possible from P2P ideals and suggested practices, a way
which relies on one huge provider with bunches of large, very
centrally managed data centers. I'm on tenths of lists and the
percentage of gmail addresses among, say, the 20/30% most active users
is far higher here than in any other of them.
With respect to IPv6 conspiracy theories, a few ipv6 related reading:
 (google plans to become just an
IPv6 connectivity provider. Not sure how much this is worthwhile, but
funny food for thought at least)
 why
the IPv6 switch was seen a "colossal chore" in 2002, probably some of
the reasons are still valid today, then there's the crisis which makes
less money available...
Same for "The IPv6 mess": "Before clients can be safely deployed on
public IPv6 addresses, practically every server will have to learn how
to talk to those clients", Marco Fioretti

@_date: 2009-05-08 15:23:17
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
"doing email" the way I do mine today is probably too complicated for
most non-geeks, but that is only because there are no "turnkey" sw and
service packages around which are tailored for this scenario, not
because "ipv6 isn't here yet".
This doesn't mean we can't discuss the issue, of course. Quite the
 I think the first thing is to know exactly what is available today,
how it works, and then define exactly what one wants and what exactly
one finds wrong with the current system.
For example: what is "p2p email"? text messages, with or without
attachments, going from my computer to yours DIRECTLY? If not, what
else? If yes, why do we want that? Would/could it work?
Why should I be forced to keep my own PC on 24/7 when it's much more
robust, cheaper and environmentally sound to have my messages waiting
in a real server (which MUST NOT be google, I "own" a personal one,
for example) when I'm offline? This is just an example of why my first
gut feeling (which may be wrong of course) when reading "p2p email"
was, frankly, "this is a slogan in search of a reason to exist".

@_date: 2009-05-08 16:12:12
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
I assume that by "client software" you mean "one single program or
binary file", not a real client in the software sense, as those
require somebody else to be the server. Anyway, the main limit or
lack of justification I see in your proposal so far is the "your
machine" part.
Which of these does "your machine" mean:
1) one's **individual** PDA or laptop/desktop, which is what I infer
   from your previous messages, or
2) a real or virtual computer which belongs to you but is hosted
   remotely, in a datacenter with redundant power and backbone
   connectivity, UPS, 99.999% reliability/uptime etc...
3) something else? Please describe
If what you meant is 2), then it's the same thing I meant and I'm
already doing today, so we go back to the point that the only thing
Ipv6 would really be needed for is numbers of addresses if everybody
wanted to do the same today.
"your machine" need not be one's own home/daily computer. It can be a
rented server in a remote location professionally equipped, that is
something which is at least as reliable as Google, but is under your
control. I had to do this myself:
but nothing prevents ISPs (including millions of small ones, ie the
resilient infrastructure) from packaging all that in something that
looks just like your "client software", with a graphical configuration
interface not so harder to figure out than the one of programs like
thunderbird, outlook, eudora, kmail... but runs on a rented machine.
If it's 1)... why? Think Michel's laptop. Having a personal (= the one
you carry with you, keep at home etc... ) cheap computer being the
single point of routing and failure of your communications means that
if it's stolen, drenched with coffee, blasted by electrical charges or
breaks in any other way you're really toast. It means that if you go
for a few days without broadband email to you gets bounced, because
there's no other computer able to store it.
In the best case, it means that you MUST carry that object along with
you every moment of your life, you can't ask a friend "let me check my
email, please" A nightmare.

@_date: 2009-05-08 17:11:41
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
I take this as a confirmation that when you say "p2p mail" you mean:
  "everybody managing all their incoming and transmitted email
  directly and exclusively from THEIR OWN PERSONAL COMPUTER, ie the
  personal laptops, PDAs, whatever... that they always carry with
  them, or the personal desktop computers they have under their desk
  at home".
Is my understanding correct? Please let me know, otherwise it makes
very little sense to spend time in more technical details.
Marco Fioretti

@_date: 2009-05-09 08:10:03
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
(properly trimmed, quoted with standard markers, reformatted in
natural reading order and with attribution restored, out of respect of
future archive readers and other subscribers who may have jumped in
right now, or be confused by the technical details)
OK, so this is where the difference and the source of former confusion
is. Let's then restart and sum up a few other things for the benefits of
our readers.
To have a permanent email address, send and receive email with it, a
generic Joe User needs:
1) an email address with a name (left of the @ sign) and a domain part
   (right of the @ sign):  joe.user at somedomain.com
2) one or more computers (physical or VIRTUAL), directly connected
   24x7 to the Internet, with FIXED numeric IP address(es), because IP
   packets are routed to IP addresses, NOT domain names. If the IP
   addresses weren't constant, your email correspondents would never
   know what your address will be next week, ie nothing would work.
3) some software, running on such computer(s) which sends, stores,
   receive email, filters spam, blocks viruses, sends autoresponders
   if needed, etc...
NOTE: 2) and 3) together are, or should include, what is called a Mail
eXchange (MX), that is Joe User "email management and routing system".
4) an entry into the worldwide Domain Name System telling everybody
   worldwide that the MX for somedomain.com runs at the constant IP
   address(es) mentioned in 2). Without this mapping, NOTHING works,
   because IP packets are routed to IP addresses, NOT domain names.
this is the way it works today, and I'm focusing on this. Futuristic
visions are good, but something else and a whole different thread, at
least for me here and now.
Now, let's look again at points 1-4 above. What happens today is that
points 2-4 are centrally managed by corporations, who own the domain
part of the address (gmail, yahoo, everybody else) and provide the
service for money, advertising, etc... or as a business tool in the
case of work email addresses.
Here we all agree that this is bad: privacy concerns, lack of
robustness, lack of flexibility, non standard configurations, no
rights to change the terms of services, etc...
Starting from this common ground, Marc Fawzi says IPv6 will make p2p
email as defined above possible, because it will make available enough
static IP addresses that every individual will be able to do points
2-4 directly without technical complications impossible to avoid today.
In this vision, everybody will be able to associate to his static IPv6
address to his own personal computers and run on those personal
computers a new generation of email software integrating all I listed
in 3) and then some, without intermediaries.
All the comments from Marc about NAT, bypassing firewalls etc... that
should disappear with the switch from IPv4 to IPv6 come from the fact
*) he suggests or envisions that people could and should use their
   everyday (mobile) computers for point 2
*) but (and he's right on this) with IPv4 (today) these computers are
   routinely assigned "bogus" IP addresses which are very hard, or
   impossible, to make them "look" as static, ie suitable for email
   routing. In other words, with IPv4 it's impossible to run your
   email from your own personal computer. I agree on this, of course.
Now, I agree that everybody taking full control of their own email
management is definitely a good thing. What I say is simply:
a) running the system on one's home or mobile computers, rather than
   buying/renting for this very purpose a virtual server in a reliable
   datacenter is such a bad idea for so many technical and other
   reasons from social to environmental, reasons which DON'T change at
   all whatever version of IP is used, that I don't think I'll ever do
   it myself, nor I recommend it to anybody who uses email for more
   than casual chat.
b) developing new software which would overcome all the problems
   created by using a cheap laptop as MX, and be simple to use is a
   very big task
c) points 2-4 can be already done by individuals with IPv4 and
   existing software today. They're exactly what I, an individual, am
   already doing. What is missing to make worldwide p2p email is
   "only":
      - laws that don't make this illegal or affordable only by big
        corporations, maybe an ICANN reform
      - ISPs selling "individual MX virtual servers" with a GUI which
        spares non geeks from all the manual configuration work I had
        to do by hand. No need for more server or client software,
        what exists is adequate, even if it should always be improved
      - enough IP addresses for everybody to have one to associate to
        their "individual MX virtual server" package.
but last point is exactly the first thing I said yesterday: the only
reason I see why IPv6 should ever enter this picture is to have enough
numeric fixed addresses. Because every other problem caused by IPv4,
that is getting rid of NAT, working through ISPs or corporate
firewalls,etc... is true but irrelevant compared to the cons of
running a server from a personal computer. As I wrote yesterday:
theoretically yes, one could introduce new protocols to add
redundancy, security and robustness to such a scenario, or,
individually, buy server-class hardware, UPS for backup power,
subscribe to two or more ISPs for redundant connectivity, that is
spend 10x or more each month than a virtual server costs. But why?
Marco Fioretti

@_date: 2009-05-09 13:51:37
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
which can make one think that IPv6 is all is missing to make current
email P2P. Had you made clear from the start that what you have in
mind is something that only keeps the _name_ of email, but is
completely different and redesigned in everything but name and (maybe)
user interface, this whole thread would have gone differently.
I'm not going to comment your complete proposal, not now at
least. This is simply because, being much more different from the
current situation than its name suggests, it takes time to form an
opinion. But why not publish it somewhere online to gather more
Marco Fioretti

@_date: 2009-05-09 16:41:57
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
I said I would not comment on Marc's alternative to email and I
confirm it. It may very well be the best thing since slided bread for
all I know, but it would need much more time than I could afford now
to make an informed opinion.
However, there are one or two things I feel I should make clear about
the current system and the way I and others use it, just for the
when I decided to go the opposite way of Gmail and similar, that is to
take my online communication in my own hands and contribute to a more
decentralized email infrastructure asap, I didn't stop for one second
to check how difficult it would be to configure my router, NAT,
firewall and so on, on my own home computer, for at least three
reasons, in more or less increasing order of importance:
1) I was sure that if I could sort out something like SMTP and
   POP/IMAP server configuration (which I eventually did) I could also
   work out without problems that kind of stuff, at least in the case
   of my own home configuration
2) laws and market conditions: today there is no guarantee, in mine
   and many other countries, for people who want to run servers or
   services of any kind directly from their own home. If you have a
   private/residential contract for Internet access, the ISP can close
   any port they want (and the most frequent case is just the outbound
   email port) if they feel your usage is outside their "average Joe
   at home" profile, and there is nothing in the contract that forbids
   that. To have legally valid guarantees that this won't happen you
   must subscribe much more expensive contracts.
3) reliability. Even if my ISP had come home to configure my router,
   nat, firewall etc, gratis for me, I would have still gone for the
   "virtual server in datacenter" solution, for all the reasons I've
   already described.
Marc's vision may turn up the perfect email replacement in the next
decades, I have no idea.  I was just very puzzled to realize that he
got the idea, or so it seems, from struggling about what was (and
would still be, if I still needed a personal solution today) to me a
non-existant issue, for all the reasons above.
does **everything** we need *have* to be "true p2p"? is it convenient?
In a sense, this is the same issue discussed in case 2 of
and all this discussion was another example of confusion between
Research and Development as explained in the same page (nobody's
fault, of course). I developed a working solution with existing
tools, while what Marc talks about is more in the research area.

@_date: 2009-05-09 17:30:33
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
of course. That's why I felt confident to write what I wrote about the
relative difficulty of SMTP/POP3 vs NAT configuration, reliability of
virtual servers vs home boxes, etc...
In any case, what happened is simply that we weren't talking of the
same thing. Now that's cleared, i'd suggest it isn't really important
to rehash it.

@_date: 2009-05-09 17:47:24
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
There is a question I asked yesterday in the "p2p email" thread that
went lost in the discussion, so I thought it could be interesting /
Another reason not to use centralized providers is privacy. The
subject of this email is a quote from which I invite everybody to read carefully, even if with a mandatory
      the style of that whole website is a bit too much dramatic for
      my taste, and above all it seems stuck to ~5 years ago. I don't
      use Gmail, so I don't know if the reason is that the webmaster
      was too busy to update the page or that the situation hasn't
      changed.
But even if there are many specific informations which are outdated
now, I believe the gist of the page is still quite a valid summary of
all the privacy related reasons why one should avoid Gmail or any
other global email provider.
So why do so many subscribers of a list like this, ie people
interested in P2P-ness and, often, also in civil rights issues, use

@_date: 2009-05-09 19:39:47
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
I would never call "function rich" something that doesn't even have a
"sort by date" and similar basic functions, but that is really, really
a matter of personal preference, and you're also right that Gmail is,
in spite of its name, actually a combination of email and _other_
services, so never mind.
substitute "corporations" with "centralized infrastructures" and I
agree without problems, have you read this, especially Case 2:
Nor have I problems with you or anybody else using non-FOSS
applications, for that matter.
Private correspondence? Do your bank, government offices, credit card
companies, marketers etc... still have complete, easy access all in
one place to every single private message you've sent or received, if
you don't use Gmail or any other traditional provider, web-centric or
same here, absolutely. But my original question/curiosity was a bit
different and not even centered on privacy, ie "**why** is the
percentage of Gmail users much higher **on a P2P list** than on any
other list I follow, including non "geeky" ones?"

@_date: 2009-05-10 09:15:42
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
Any good email client automatically includes an attribution line (the
one above starting with "On Sat, May 09...") which leaves a very clear
and very fast to read track (EVEN when it's a quote of a quote of a
quote!!!) of who said what. That feature, and of course proper
trimming/quoting, exist to avoid misattributions and
misunderstandings. The person who "criticized" Gmail sorting it's only
me (Marco), not Marc Fawzi nor Ryan.
I am not a Gmail user. I got an account years ago, but only played
with it a bit. More recently, I played again a little bit, with
permission, into some friends Gmail accounts. In both cases, I didn't
find or recognize any of the ways to sort messages (recipient, sender,
date, size, etc...) which are pre-built in almost all other clients I
know of, so I got the impression that Gmail is really limited and
quite below average from this specific point of view. A quick search
shows I'm not alone in this:
Since the 1st link is... three days old, I gather that the sorting
limits denounced in the two other links are still there. For **me**
they would be enough not to use Gmail, but no problem with others who
don't care, really. Please note that my main question/curiosity isn't
"does Gmail suck or not", it's "why a definitely non-p2p way to do email
is much more popular on a pro-p2p list?"

@_date: 2009-05-10 10:48:46
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
There are technical reasons too, to not like centralized email
providers, and Marc explained those well, but the nature of the core
issue is different.  I don't think the car motor is an accurate
analogy in the context of the question I asked.
The nature of the question is not "why don't you look under the hood
and learn how to build or fix a car engine? It feels great!"
The question I'm asking is on the same type of
"why are you buying cars from a company that is known to adopt child
labor to keep prices low?"
The question above **is** a real exhageration, of course. I'm the
first to not take it seriously. It's just a quick way to stress the
point that the core issues is not technical, nor does it require
technical expertise or interest.
A much more accurate example of what category my question was meant to
fall in is:
"why, whenever you need a cab ride, you keep calling the cab company
which officially uses only one single gas station for all its taxis (=
if that one, centralized gas source breaks, none of those cabs will
work) and officially declares that they keep a voice recorder always
on in all their cars?"
Again, this doesn't mean necessarily that Gmail is bad period, is just
an example that a big part of the question isn't technical at all.
What saved your day is using web-based email and online backups. I
don't question such services, both of which are available in many
other ways. It is just curious to realize that this is the place where
the percentage of people who don't use other solutions (even if the
decision isn't technical) is quite higher than elsewhere.
I absolutely agree on that, as I wrote in the "thoughts on physical
production..." piece already linked.

@_date: 2009-05-10 10:52:38
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
that's probably the best answer so far, thanks. The problem then would
become perceiving as a technology what is actually a paradigm, see my
other answer to Michel.
      Marco

@_date: 2009-05-10 10:58:21
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
my question isn't about software licenses or software coding models
see my recent answer to Michel about the car metaphor
you mean you never asked yourself before if and how you could take
your OWN messages, contacts list etc... away from your current
email/storage provider to a better one when it appears???

@_date: 2009-05-11 07:19:13
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Algorithmic sustainable design 
After Michel forwarded your page to the p2p-research list, I've had
just a quick look at 2/3 of your slideshows. I fond them very
interesting, indeed, and for this very reasing I would like to suggest
to make the related videos available in other formats too, if
possible. The RealPlayer ones already published don't work on Linux,
not without tweaking the system at least.

@_date: 2009-05-14 17:57:14
@_author: Marco Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p-like law making: Italian law proposal for Net 
this is surely not as advanced and revolutionary as other topics
announced on this list, but I think it's good news anyway.
Two senators of the Italian Democratic party, Vincenzo Vita and Luigi
Vimercati, have written a law proposal which defends Net Neutrality
and promotes non proprietary formats and software in public
administrations and Universities.
While this may not be, in and by itself, relevant news on a list like
this, what is good, regardless of one's political opinions, is the
method: they put the whole text online on a public wiki, where
everybody will be able to add comments, suggest amendments and so
on. The wiki address is As far as I remember, this is one of the first times, if not the first
time, that a law proposal is open to all citizens in this way here in
Of course, it's not P2P in the complete sense, since the wiki is just
to gather feedback: eventually, Vita and Vimercati will be the only
ones to decide which text is actually proposed for voting to the
Parliament. Still, it's good that there *is* a really open
consultation process and that at least that phase happens in a way
that puts all participants on an equal basis. Let's hope this becomes
the rule here.
Related question: can you provide links to other cases like this, in
other countries? Thanks!
Digital rights writings ->

@_date: 2009-05-15 08:37:18
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
I confess that I too, sometimes (out of highly unscientific gut
feeling and almost nothing else) fail to see the point in working on
some theories. That's why I usually just sit quietly in a corner when
these discussions happen, trying to learn something interesting. I'll
take advantage of this comment from you, and from these doubts, which
I also share:
to ask all members of this list something I have wanted to investigate
better for years, since the first time I encountered it online. What
do you think of the POCLAD proposals ( as a way to
arrive to a "fairer system of exchange", as Andreas calls it?
Simplifying a lot, what they say, or so I understand, is that if
everybody focused on asking on abolition of corporate personhood
privileges, many of the problems you're trying to solve via new
monetary systems and so on or would either disappear or become of a
much smaller size.
The advantage I see in such an approach is that is something that (as
unreal as may seems) may very well be simpler and faster to achieve
than basic income, p2p money and so on, and in any case could make
transitioning to those other schemes much simpler. Above all, those
proposals have a huge practical advantage alternative monetary systems
etc... they're very, very easy to explain to everybody, including
people with very poor education. They're much easier to gather popular
support for. As Einstein put it "everything should be made as simple
as possible, but not simpler".
Does it make any sense? Please explain gently :-) , I'm just a newbie
on these issue.
Changing argument now:
:-) no problem, really, I understand why you're saying it. Still, I
have something to say about this:
"over 70% of all kernel development is demonstrably done by developers
who are being paid for their work... The Linux kernel, then, is
largely the product of professionals, not volunteers".
the same is true for Mozilla/Firefox, OpenOffice...
Just a few days ago, I found this comment on slashdot:
"there's also an awful lot of good free software too" - "No, there
isn't. There is a minuscule amount of good free software. Especially
when compared to the total amount of free software. The good/bad
software ratio is heavily in favor of commercial software."
I do not really agree with that comment, but it is a fact that a not
negligible amount of flagship FOSS (the "good free software") is and
above all **remains** "flagship" quality exactly because someone,
somehow, stepped in and regularly brings in enough money to sustain
full time, well paid work.
Replace "exchange system for labour power" with "society", and I fully
agree. That's why I was really fascinated by the POCLAD proposals and
really want to study them in detail some time: maybe they're wrong or
ineffectual, but they're sure damn easy to explain or sum up on
protest signs and T-shirts :-)

@_date: 2009-05-15 08:44:32
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
see POCLAD in my other message, as a way to make more people push towards this goal.
well said!

@_date: 2009-05-15 13:23:40
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
No problem! As I said, I'm all but an expert on monetary reform issues
or corporate law, so I don't really have any strong opinion or
position to defend, no problem. When these specific issues are
concerned, I'm still a student collecting material for homework.
With respect to this:
There is no doubt that the "monetary alternatives" movement, for lack
of a better term, is much more vibrant, growing and known among
activists than things like POCLAD. I myself discovered POCLAD by pure,
pure chance online some years ago. I also have no problem, at least
now, to accept your evaluation that POCLAD has much, much smaller
possibilities of success than monetary reform. What I didn't expect,
and find really interesting, is this assertion:
Regardless, again, of the probability of success and of any inherent
flaws in the idea, I am pretty sure that, around here, I would find:
1) much, much less difficulties to explain POCLAD proposals than any
   money reform scheme passed on this list since when I subscribed
2) (partly due to 1) ) many more supporters of such a corporate reform
   than of any of those scheme.
That is, my **feeling** is that if both sets of proposals were given
equal coverage in mainstream media (we can dream, can we not?), the
majority of non-activists, the "Joe Sixpack" class, in American slang,
would go for POCLAD (especially in these times...) rather than money
reform which would be, in that context, a much more alien concept than
"corporations are bad".
So I wonder how much of this feeling depends on where one lives. What
do list subscribers from other parts of the world think? Which of
those two classes of concepts is easier to sell (regardless of its
intrinsic value) to Joe Sixpack? Just curious, really, answer off list
if you think it's off topic.

@_date: 2009-05-18 13:11:02
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
I too have yet to meet in person anybody who explicitly speaks against
"corporate personhood", that is somebody who has already met that term
and uses it. What I mean is that I am just convinced that:
if I had the time to speak with lots of the people around me who
complain about big bad evil multinationals, "how the f**k can the
government be so powerless against those guys, how can they de-facto
fire people without any reason but speculation and get away with it,
and I simply told them "this is because corporations are allowed to
have the same rights in court as mortal, physically limited people
even if they become immortal, ubiquitous and never were human beings
in the first place", I'd get a lot of "gee, I understood everything
you say and I feel you're damn right" feedback. With respect to this:
I may very well be wrong in my understanding of the details of POCLAD
proposals, I mentioned it here just hoping to find somebody who had
already found the time to read and absorb all the fine print. This
said, what I got from my quick readings is that POCLAD-like reforms
would create almost no problems to people who want to **become**
POCLAD says things like that corporations should always have an
expiration date and never be allowed to change the activity for which
they were formed or to buy other corporations (while the single
individuals "owning" them can surely own more than a corporation at a
time), that if a corporation is caught doing bad it cannot hide behind
laws only created to guarantee a fair trial to human beings etc..
If the company a wannabe entrepreneur wants to found isn't a patent
troll or a pretext for the next international, financial Ponzi-like
scam, would this create any problem to that entrepreneur? Or would it
give him/her more possibilities to succeed?
Of course, it is absolutely right to keep trying better formats with
other tools. Thanks for the pointers to Rushkoff, I'll read what he's

@_date: 2009-05-18 13:27:25
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
A potential limit I see in putting this as main concern is that it
directly deals only with the good or bad which happens to people
*inside* a corporation. As a paradox, fully collective ownership of
Union Carbide by all its employees would have not necessarily done any
good to the people in Bhopal, if all those employees had decided with
equal voting rights that "we don't care of those guys, let's maximize
our own proficts".
Whereas if corporations are forced to remain not too big, with a
limited lifespan and prohibited from buying each other, as POCLAD (I
believe) suggests, they could both create much less problems
externally AND have much less incentives and possibilities to become
places where 90% of profits and power accumulate in the hands of <10%
of the people involved.
On a related note, I wonder if collective ownership can ever really
work or if it makes sense at all unless an organization is quite
small, surely much smaller than todays multinationals.
Ownership is good when it corresponds to real possibilities for every
owner to make informed decisions and real possibilities to make things
better with your own work, otherwise it may be more hassles than
advantages. Both conditions are very hard to achieve for everybody in
a big company.

@_date: 2009-05-18 13:41:19
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] About "Failing business models 
I think almost the same, but as follows:
1) Internet access **is** a basic human right only when and in the way it
   is necessary to practice basic human rights:
      - control what my government does, have a voice in it
      - freely publish my opinion to the whole world
      - get an education, as in download textbooks and other edu resources
      - not waste money and time, as in home-banking vs driving there
      - have a cultural life, as in download or distribute videos,
        music for enjoyment, education etc..
   the rest is all good and cool etc... but is not a human right, it's
   a wonderful surplus.
2) to do all I wrote in 1 and then some there is no need for
   multiMB/sec broadband in the last mile for everybody. That is
   necessary only if everybody in town wants to see a different HD
   video **in real time**
That's why I would prefer a regime where:
a) basic internet connectivity at speed sufficient for 1) is flat
rate, as low as possible, and providers CANNOT refuse to connect you (whether
it'ss private, collective trhough kiosks or libraries, wireless,
wired... is another issue)
b) everything more than that, people who want it pay for it themselves.

@_date: 2009-05-18 17:13:40
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Algorithmic sustainable design 
I'm not really a video specialist. Apart from that, without knowing
details about your software skills, available software and hardware,
format of the current footage etc... it's difficult to give advice
which is directly useful.
I think that the best thing to do is if you contact your local Linux
User Group ( possibly outdated contact address
officers at satlug.org) and ask directly to them "I have a bunch of video
or audio footage which I want to make usable to all Gnu/Linux users:
which format is the best one, and how do I generate it?"
With any luck, somebody of the LUG may drop in at your office and give
you on site assistance.
Please note that, besides making Linux users happy, there is an even
more important reason to do this: to make surem, in your own interest,
that all the material remains fully usable by **you**, even if
software and hardware change over the years. To know more about the
"dgital dark age" dangers and huge wastes of money caused by
proprietary file formats, you're welcome to browse this seminar:
(working in architecture you will probably find relevant the Autocad
Last but not least: the slides themselves are already usable under
Linux. However, if you have the time, converting them to text instead
of graphic files would make them much more easily indexable by search
engines, ie more findable by more people.
Hope this helps,
     Marco Fioretti

@_date: 2009-05-18 19:53:43
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
I have just realized reading this comment from you, another reason
why, inconsciously until today, I don't instinctively warm up at the
idea of collective ownership: I'm not sure it can be only bottom-up.
I know people who have set up small consulting companies (5/6 people):
they are all co-owners with equal rights and responsibilities. Problem
starts when what they do (construction work or advanced design in
various areas) is only needed by much bigger companies. These guys can
be good and full of great ideals all the way, but current laws, just
because they're made to order for big companies, make it very hard for
them to survive, or for most others to follow their example. So I'm
not sure that collective ownership, to work well on a broad scale, is
much less top-down than POCLAD stuff.
I'm sure about it, and it would be an international can of worms.
Think of migrants. You guys may have heard of the discussions in Italy
these days about intercepting boats full of illegal immigrants south
of Sicily in international waters and towing them straight to
Lybia. For heaven's sake, let's not start a discussion here about
Italian or worldwide migration management policies, but...
Are foreign residents entitled to basic income? If not, what do they
do, the official (not just de-facto) "slaves" of those who live of
basic income, which sounds a bit too much like creating an official
ethnic-based caste system? Do you kick them out of the country? If
yes, how do you handle them? If basic income were granted to every
*resident* in Italy (or even all of Europe, it really doesn't make any
difference), regardless of citizenship, the only way to make migratory
flows much bigger than they already are, ie more difficult to manage,
would be to have the same basic income in the countries were those
migrants come from.

@_date: 2009-05-19 09:51:31
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] POCLAD and corporation reform 
I'm glad you find it sensible. When I first found  and
"decoded" them as I've explained in my previous messages, I was
fascinated because those proposals:
- seem very simple to explain to the masses, much simpler than other
  systems
- (let's dream only for a moment that it would easy to have them
  approved, ie become actual laws) they seem to require little extra
  effort, in the sense that with such laws in place, many other
  problems we talk about would, if not disappear, may become much
  easier to keep under control **within** the current system, ie
  without need to reform everything at once.
Think to the combination of laws like POCLAD's and saying that, OK,
you can buy as many stocks you want and make as much profit from
reselling them as you want... but if you buy stocks you can't resell
them before than 2 years, that is you invest in a company only if you
want to make money by risking your *own* money in supporting the
activity of that company. How much of the financial mess, corporate
abuse etc... that we've had for years would have still beeen possible
in such a scenario?
Back to your request: I've wanted to make a serious study about POCLAD
theses for years, but I really don't know when I'll have the time and
there are surely people more competent than me to start such a
study. If I'll write something about it I'll surely let you know, but
my aim now was more to check if somebody *else* already had material
and comments. In the meantime, if anybody else can step in, please do
Of course, if it turns out that I completely misunderstood what POCLAD
says, that is that the ideas you and Andreas found interesting first
popped up out of my own head, I'll immediately patent them and demand
a billion billions dollars royalties per year forever! :-)

@_date: 2009-05-19 11:39:08
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mailing list efficiency, was: p2presearch Digest, 
speaking **only** of the mailing list part, my answer is YES! I (and
others) have said several times that this list is great, but making
sense of it and participating is very frustrating and much more time
consuming than with every other list I know. That's why I've ended up
using this list more as a read-only RSS feed.
The basic point to never forget about mailing lists is that everybody
involved in such conversations (both through the list and through the
archives) surely spends much more time *reading* lists messages than
*writing* them.
The obvious conclusion is that, to make an email-based debate as
efficient as possible for everybody, what must be minimized is the
total time spent by all subscribers to read and make sense of incoming
messages. NOT to write them. If everybody spends 30 second more when
**composing**, he or she will save much more than that, on every given
day, to read what comes in. When writing to a mailing list, always
give for granted that:
the receivers, even if close friends, have no clue of what you're
talking about because they are doing many unrelated things, and must
spend time to recover context, understand **who** it is that **you**
are replying to and why, what is quoted text and what isn't, etc..
flat rate connectivity is far from universal, mobile access will make
metered connections more common, at least for a while.
So, making email-based discussions efficient means to minimize the
time that people have to spend to make sense of what you write,
because the time you'll save by everybody doing so for common good is
much more than the little extra time you'll spend to make the
relatively little messages you write yourself more readable.
In practice, this simply means:
1) always trim as much as possible before even start replying
2) always use only standard quoted text markers ">", as they're the
  only ones which every email client on Earth will surely recognize
  and color differently (or collapse), making it faster to separate
  old text from new
3) always use a standard attribution line, ie some variant of "On day
" right above the quoted text (otherwise people have NO
  idea who you're replying about, unless they waste time checking the
  rest of the thread).
4) possibly, **after** doing all the above, answer **below** the
  quoted text, so even if readers have completely forgot what the
  issue is, they'll recover very quickly by re-reading the
  conversation in the same order it happened.
5) avoid cross postings unless absolutely necessary.
6) use proper subject lines and, if you receive list digest, never,
   ever leave the absolutely non-informative "LIST_NAME Digest, Vol
   19, Issue 153" subject line, replace it with a relevant
   subject. Lots of people never bother to open list messages if they
   can't realize from the subject if the content is worth their time.
Extra advice for people with big email signatures: you have one extra
reason to always do 1 and 4 together: not trimming and placing your
answer above the not trimmed text will GUARANTEE that nobody will ever
read the signature. Trimming as much as possible and placing your
answer below the quote, ie right above your signature, will guarantee
that more people see it.
If you want to make public email-based conversations as efficient as
possible, that's what you need to do. Private email, of course, is
another beast.

@_date: 2009-05-19 11:47:26
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 153 
I've already written about how to make mailing list conversation more
efficient in another reply. With respect to this, I strongly advice
against forums. It is much more efficient and faster to have all
mailing lists in ONE window where you can always, immediately reply
with YOUR, always equal, preferred interface and settings than setting
signature, etc... in the same number of forums and surfing to them to
reply. Not to mention the fact that you can reply to an email and send
it the next time you're online, while you can't reply offline to a
forum, posting the same message to more places (if really necessary)
or to more people is much slower with forums...
Besides the general problems of forums, this particular list is
"doomed" by its very nature to host lots of different topics,
sometimes interrelated sometimes not. To organize discussions it may
be enough to enforce adoption of proper subject lines, so people just
avoid to open the threads they have no interest in.

@_date: 2009-05-19 12:26:31
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 153 
I don't think it would accomplish much, not on this list anyway. First
of all, for many people, much of the time they should waste if they
tried to follow a complete discussion on this list from beginning to
end is AFTER opening a message, that is coping with all the issues
I've mentioned in the "Mailing list efficiency" post.
Secondly, this list already has the [p2p-research] string in the
subject, which creates no problems to me but isn't really necessary
(you can filter messages from a list through other headers, unless you
only have some limited webmail account): adding tags would mean that
with certain clients and small devices you'd not see most of the
actual subject.
Third, and more important, this list is so (rightly!)
interdisciplinary that a) it'd be almost impossible to give less than
2/3 tags to most messages, b) there would be atrocious flamewars,
sooner or later, about which tags ought to have been prepended to a
certain subject.

@_date: 2009-05-19 13:05:33
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 153 
in all friendship, and without anymosity, really:
on this list I already spend enough time whenever I compose a reply,
to fix things which make many people waste quite more time (and money,
if on a metered connection) than vague or untagged subjects. The
reason why I tend to not even open most replies here is not vagueness
of subjects, or the NUMBER of messages, is the difficulty of keeping
track of the flow.
Also, I have already spent enough time here trying to explain why
consistently following some simple rules would greatly speed up list
"processing" and engage more people in the conversations. Please dont'
be offended, but considering my success so far, OK, but frankly I
don't feel like participating in other policing efforts.
In any case, that is just me. There is a reason why, regardless of
ought email should be formatted, I don't think subject tags would work
here, and it's really nobody's fault. The [p2p-research] string is no
serious problem, we can keep it or leave it.
But, as I already said:
on a technical support list it may work, but here... just remember all
the recent hassle about what "keeping" (in a bank or under a cushion)
or "interest" or "money" mean. Do you want to risk quarrels like that
every time somebody feels somebody else's choice of a subject tag
wasn't right, or new ones should be adopted?
Besides... a list like this only attracts people with high education
(formal or not it doesn't matter) or in any case used to read and
write lots of stuff a bit more difficult than what Paris Hilton wore
last week. Are we seriously saying that we can't make an effort to
write subjects that convey the topic of a message without tags?

@_date: 2009-05-20 11:20:36
@_author: Marco Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] leaving this list, 
Marc Fawzi's immediate and only reply (with Michel in CC) to my
private request below was:
the **number** of messages coming from this list was **never** a
problem for me. I and others tried to explain several times why
**other** posting habits are a problem which can severely limit list
participation. 100 messages a day isn't a problem, 99% of the total
content being repetition and other noise is an entirely different
Due to his exquisite manners, and to the fact that this isn't the
first time he makes such use of them, Marc Fawzi already is on my
killfile. To everybody else, starting from Michel, I confirm that I
sincerely consider all of you to be great guys doing important work,
that I remain deeply interested in P2P alternatives issues, that I
hope to work with you in the future and that I'll surely continue all
the offlist discussions and work going on now with you.
Similarly, I will continue to follow the Rss feeds, the blog, wiki,
etc... and contribute when possible.
However, I will unsubscribe from this list immediately after sending
this message, since I pay for my email bandwidth and there is no point
to waste it receiving a list working like this. Here is the request I privately sent to Marc Fawzi:
It surely will, if you keep reposting every time all the previous excerpts.
There have been plenty of discussions on the p2p-research list about
how impolite it is to never trim anything, there were other
subscribers (the last yesterday!) complaining about the volume and the
fact that even with digests, they get more messages every day just
because the size of reposted text triggers digest sending...
...and now you start posting all in a row:
excerpt 1
excerpt 1 + excerpt 2
excerpt 1 + excerpt 2 + excerpt 3
excerpt 1 + excerpt 2 + excerpt 3 + ....
I don't feel like making another public thread of this, so please just
tell me one thing: will you please show some respect for standard
netiquette and people who pay for their bandwidth or not, that is,
will you please stop from now on to repost tons of text everybody else
has already downloaded, just because you can't be bothered to cancel
some text?
If you will, thanks!
If you won't please just let me know soon so I'll unsubscribe.

@_date: 2009-11-09 11:44:03
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a short message on our list culture 
I agree that 300 is too much, I didn't count them myself, but
realized this weekend that it was a huge effort to get through my
If you split the list everybody'll waste even more time than now
wondering on which list they should post, telling those who posted on
the wrong list that they should have posted on the other one and so
on. I've seen this happen many times.
Two bits of general advice, feel free to ignore them completely, no
answer necessary:
1) I've had no problem at all to handle the burst of traffic on this
   mailing list in the last week: I deleted everything tenths of
   message at a time without ever opening them. There is NO obligation
   to read all messages from a mailing list. If something from any
   mailing list has any combination of:
           - empty or unclear subject ("Look at this", "Feedback
                Welcome...")
           - clear subject, but I am not really interested in it
           - subject hidden, that is pushed outside of the email
             client window because people use bad email clients adding
             non-standard prefixes every time: Re: Ri: Aw: Re:...  and
             don't bother to remove them manually after they get to
             50+characters
   I immediately delete it without opening it. Also because of    below. Of course, I can do this because I'm not the founder,
   spiritual lead, coordinator or anything else of this particualr
   list, Michel can't afford such a behavior, but see again 2) Sorry Michel, I know that I look very boring about this, but I only
   repost these suggestions because YOU are the one who said he was
   overwhelmed by the amount of traffic. Please understand that this
   is meant to help keeping the list usable and effective. You need to
   change your email habits (ONLY as far as mailing lists are
   concerned) and ask others to do the same.
   Maybe some day there will be something completely new that
   EVERYBODY will accept to use, but here and now we're all stuck with
   mailing lists for public discussions, because Internet forums,
   blogs replies and anything else browser based are a no-no for most
   people. It may be wrong but it's a fact.
   So, you need to come to terms with the fact that email based public
   discussion through a mailing list is VERY different from private
   email. In the first case you have to accept the fact the poster
   must spend time every time he or she posts, to make each message
   readable in order to keep the whole list usable and useful. I know
   you and other active posters here can't bear this idea because
   practicing it with the specific email clients you chose means that
   you should do some manual work every time. But 5/10 seconds
   "wasted" to format each message sent to a list mean minutes gained
   from every single recipient of that message. Since on mailing lists
   every subscriber receives many more messages than he or she
   sends...
   Your own words prove this:
   it was as if it came in more rapidly than I could even process in
   real time ...
  The explanation is very simple. This happens because of the
  systematic refusal of netiquette that is practiced here. THE reason
  why you can't handle the load is because, unless traffic comes very
  slowly and all subscribers have nothing else to think about and
  remember, you and everybody else:
  - MUST read all the messages of a thread that arrived after your
    last reading, IN THE ORDER IN WHICH THEY WERE POSTED AND EACH
    MESSAGE FROM BEGINNING TO END, if you want to figure out what the
    discussion is about, who is replying to who and so on.
  because the only alternative, that is taking the last message and
  reading it from bottom to top, would take much more time.
  Trim as much as possible before replying, use only plain text with
  universally recognized "quoted text" markers, reply BELOW the quoted
  text, always reply or post ONLY to the list to decrease the number
  of messages, cross-replies and so on... and above all ENFORCE these
  rules. Then downloading all the messages and making sense out of
  them will take much less time. Using email formatting rules that
  have proven their effectiveness in decades makes it possible, when
  you open the inbox and find a 50-message thread inside it, to ONLY
  OPEN THE LAST ONE and immediately get an idea of what's happening.
Again, I like you guys a lot and private email is a whole different,
much more forgiving beast. This is all well meaning advice, I don't
mean to start a flame war.
If you want to give up the mailing list, OK. If you want to use it
without wasting time, SPEND some little time formatting your messages
properly and demand the same from all other subscribers. The result
will be that everybody will be encouraged to join discussions more
often and above all everybody will spend much less time following the
list. Unless you do as I do, of course, that is (for the very reason
explained above) systematically cancel without ever opening them 90%
of the messages from this list which are replies to other messages.

@_date: 2009-11-09 13:20:13
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a short message on our list culture 
I know you personally and I like you, so I know you didn't mean it at
all and I am NOT offended, but this remark _did_ come out a bit
It makes it sound like the only people who can afford to format their
email properly are those who have nothing else to do but gazing at
their navels all day. We're all very busy. In any case:
1) this is the only list I know that has these problems
2) I follow several lists where 100+ message a day is the norm, and
   there are no such problems. Most subscribers are very busy
   professionals, among them none has the problems you just reported,
   and the reason is exactly that since we all spend 10 seconds more
   than you before each post we SEND (=many less that what we all
   RECEIVE), at the end of the day we've all saved HOURS without
   losing anything relevant.
Your call. Just a side question: sometimes ago there was a discussion
about configuring a message size limit for this list. May I ask if it
is still the case, and what happens when a message posted to the list
exceeds that size?

@_date: 2009-11-18 09:43:35
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Respect Creativity" school campaign doesn't say all 
here you can find some info about a campaign launched by the Italian
branch of the European Music Copyright Alliance in order to teach kids
in school how wonderful copyright is, but, as far as I can see,
forgetting to mention that it can be used in many ways besides "all
right reserved":
I am posting this here because, after months without answers from EMCA
Italia, I am trying to find out as many details as possible (it may be
a new article) about similar campaigns in other countries and how
"incomplete" they are. Thank you in advance for any feedback and for
forwarding this request wherever you think it appropriate.

@_date: 2009-11-22 16:57:02
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Local Currency Pilgrimage to Worgl 
Just a note FYI: none of the stuff you and others post here via Google
Reader is immediately readable (*) with several email clients. Including
the one I'm using now, which _does_ support HTML mail. If you just posted
the plain title of the article and its URL it would be much faster for
everybody to reach the original article, whatever software they are using.
                     Marco
(*) by this I mean that what we get is text without viewable URLs or
clickable links, unless we separately open an attachment.

@_date: 2009-11-26 08:15:53
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 25, Issue 88 
please see the reply I posted to Ryan on this list today. It is about
this very problem. I can only add to what I wrote in that other
1) mailing list is less efficient ONLY when formatting is terrible,
   which is the just case here.
2) in this particular case, a forum wouldn't solve anything. If one
   doesn't want to format his/her own messages properly, you'll have
   forum discussions which will be as hard to read and therefore
   remain as private as the ones happening here.

@_date: 2009-11-26 08:11:17
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
The day this list will enforce the same netiquette applied, without
any effort, in almost other mailing lists around, many more
subscribers will regularly engage in conversations. Right now, 90% of
traffic here is a uselessly verbose flow of unreadable, messed up
I don't know in general, but this list feels like a vacuum because
there are few regular posters who simply don't bother to format their
messages properly and doing so make it much harder and not worth the
effort for everybody else to step in, reinforcing the effect.
Participating to a discussion here requires an unjustified amount of
time to decrypt the text, not because the topic is too difficult but
because of how regular posters format their own replies. Unless one
has no other task in life that follow this list and think to P2P, you
need context from a message to remember what it was about.
And is a waste of money, if one doesn't have flat rate connectivity.
Why should one open =download = pay a 100KB message that is very
likely 95% already received ( = downloaded = paid) text, with just 2/3
new sentences? This list is very elitist, not P2P at all. Have you
noticed that almost all the regular posters are people with an email
service (gmail) that hides to its users the formatting problems it
creates to everybody else but is as far from P2P as can be; and people
who evidently don't pay Internet access by traffic, *when* they pay it
with their own money?
That's why, I am sure, almost nobody participates. Most subscribers by
now have realized all this, so they simply almost never open list
messages that are replies (I opened this almost by mistake): we just
open new messages as a read-only newsletter/ RSS feed.

@_date: 2009-11-26 16:31:55
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
government than they give back | csmonitor.com
please step down from the pulpit and stop being ridiculous. I'm very
sorry, I understand that this sounds hard, but I really don't know
what else I could write. YOU complained that it seems as nobody is
listening to what you and Paul (IIRC) are saying. I only explained
what is SURELY one of the reason why this happens on this list.
I don't have to publish anything or propose anything new. Standard
mailing list netiquette has been the same for decades now, it's
published all over the net for everybody who cares, is extremely
simple, million people who are anything but "tinkerers" use it
everyday without problems and *remains* the only way to make
conversations on mailing lists open and readable to the highest
possible number of people.
If mailing lists as such are a thing of the past, that's perfectly OK
(seriously!!!), YOU find a better tool and convince others to move
using it. But AS LONG as the channel you are on is a mailing list, you
have to:
- accept the fact that an OLD CHANNEL works much better with ITS OWN old,
  well established, universally known, very simple rules (**), or...
- don't be surprised or sad if almost nobody else bothers opening your
  messages
In other words, if you feel above the limits inherent in mailing
lists, don't use them, but ignoring them would be foolish as long as
what you're on IS a mailing list. So let's close this list for good,
or don't feel sorry if it remains little more than a private chatroom
with a publicly viewable log.
??? My argument was **only** that Gmail is not P2P: it is a
single-point-of-failure, ultra-centralized service, that is the very
opposite of the models usually advertised here. The software license,
ToS, etc... have nothing to do with that.
     Marco
(**) Private conversations via email are an entirely different issue,
of course. The problems of ignoring netiquette become much more
bearable in that other context.

@_date: 2009-11-26 17:00:16
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to p2p 
Sorry, I realized just today that I had forgotten to update the list
about this. Eventually, I was asked to talk about a slightly different
topic, so I had no occasion to use the very interesting suggestions
and experiences shared here in response to my request.
However, I will surely use them in the future, so thanks again to
everybody who answered both here and off list.
In any case, here is a page where you can read why I was looking for
such information, where I went and what came out of it:
My own talk is downloadable from that page, but the linked articles
could be interesting too, since "new ways to quality education" is a
recurring theme of this list.
Ciao and thanks,

@_date: 2009-11-26 18:27:01
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
Yes, within the context that is (I hope) clear from that and from this
other article:
that is: it seems to me that devices like those can automate and make
much more efficient the low-level parts of "traditional" teaching.
I agree with the spirit of what you wrote (and thanks again for always
being a gold mine of reference! I am always amazed by how quick you
are to produce them). However, I also think that there are a lot of
good teachers around, who _do_ want to "educate" and not just
Make them more efficient and good things will happen anyway, (much)
sooner than with some Grand Plan. A lot of those teachers operate in
such extreme conditions (classes of 70+ childrens of several ages)
that *any* support can make their work much better.
I just heard from a lady who works for an NGO in Latin America that
she sees all the time children in 3rd/4th grade still unable to read
because a) classes are too big, b) teachers only know and practice
very old methods. When this lady had permission to teach there the 3Rs
(she's a retired teacher herself) the way it's been done in Italy for
3 decades now, children learned to read in a few months, not years.
And children who learn early to read well are people who may change
the world much sooner than with the OLPC or any other radical
revolution. So I agree with you and Gatto that there's tons of things
wrong in the current system, but between "optimizing" it today and
waiting for some grand metamorphosis to happen, I'll chose the first
any time.
Yes, but TeacherMate and similar are much less vaporware than OLPC. Frankly, at least by some of its fans (starting from NN) OLPC seems to
me really based on the assumption that if you just throw a bunch of
laptops to a bunch of kids and go have a coffee, when you're back the
children will have magically educated themselves, P2P-ly working
together.  That's crap. When I posted my original request here
somebody pointed out something very right: P2P-like miracles,
collaborative work, self-learning and so on only happen, or tend to
exclusively happen, with people who already have the right
prerequisite skills. That will be the subject of another article I already have in the
pipe. Stay tuned!

@_date: 2009-11-26 18:36:52
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Better P2P communications ideas (was Re: 
Only if the one person who sent that file didn't spend 5 extra seconds
to format his/her text decently before sending it, thus saving
(2minutes * Number of list subscribers) to use it. Which is exactly
what the standard, very simple, already universally known netiquette
teaches one to do when the communication medium is / must be a mailing
Semantic technologies will be great when we'll have found the way to
do them right, but this is a much, much, much simpler problem. It
would be pathetic to say "I can't use a mailing list because there is
no semantic technology that spares me from netiquette". I don't think
there is a general way to fix broken human behavior caused by
lazyness.  You can't find purely technological solutions to social

@_date: 2009-11-27 05:57:05
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
You are right, I used the wrong word, sorry. I should have said
something like "much less hype and much more able to deliver big
improvements in short times with a fraction of the investment".
Massively deployed, yes. Whether it is actually working and being used
as originally advertised is another matter entirely. Of course
attendance rates increase when there's a new shiny toy in school that
nobody else in the valley has AND when (as they do in Nepal) the
school gives you the XO but keeps the charger... It would be the same
if they put in each classroom a 128 inches plasma monitor running
different cartoons every day.
Besides what I described here:
while I was in Nepal I talked with people using OLPC there and in
other countries. I got more than one confirmation that OLPC is used
and doing good but not because it'ts the OLPC as Negroponte "sells"
it: that is, people take it because it's the only cheap laptop they
can get in volumes, but then don't really care about mesh networking,
put their own software on it and use it a-la-teachermate, that is as a
teacher support tool. Meaning that yes, it's doing good, but not
because of:
Of course. The result of the first wave of *any* mass schooling that
reaches some community is children teaching literacy to their
parents. I just don't buy the idea that this happens only where the
OLPC arrives, or because the OLPC is used as Negroponte advertises
What I'm saying is that, probably, any other improvement of
traditional teaching, with or without ANY computer in the classroom
(remember the lady I mentioned in my previous post) or any other
"trick" to lure children and their families into regular attendancy
(the World Food Program gives daily meals to children... but only in
the schools they build) would have given similar results, and maybe at
a lower cost.
But yes, I admit that "vaporware" was the wrong word to describe this,
thanks for pointing it out.

@_date: 2009-11-27 07:23:21
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
government than they give back | csmonitor.com
define badly. Me, I confirm that this list sucks big time if the
criterion is "how to make it easy for as many people as possible,
whatever email software they use, to follow and participate in
discussions". As a read-only Rss feed, or a channel to ask for
information hard to find somewhere else, instead, this is a great
"Consistently interesting", I can agree, otherwise I would have simply
and *silently* unsubscribed to never return. Debate... please. This
place has become a private chatroom of you, Ryan, Sam and a very few
others who together make >90% of the traffic. Now, this happens
everywhere, of course, regardless of the technology. What I said is
that, *here*, one big reason for this is the stubborn, deliberate
refusal of that group to acknowledge that:
- as a technology, mailing lists *have* developed years ago rules that
  are *objectively* better than others to keep discussions light and
  easy to follow for the *highest* possible number of posters and are
  "embedded" so to speak, in the intrinsic limits of that technology
- if you hate or find unbearably irritating that technology, don't use
  it, or don't be surprised if almost nobody else follows you.
I find this offensive. I ALWAYS give the example, that is take the time
(a few seconds per message) to post with decent formatting. And I am also starting to find offensive, at this point, to see grown
up people who spend their days using everything Google to play dumb
whenever one says "please stop with this attitude, netiquette is just
a search away, don't play deaf or tell me I should reinvent some
wheel just for you"
Precisely my point. I dared step in again ONLY because I opened by
MISTAKE a message where Ryan said something like "it seems as only I
and Paul want to talk of these things". And I also remember seeing
(before I stopped opening almost all messages from this list just
because their formatting sucks) many requests from YOU along the lines
of "would someone please comment about this on the blog, I really have
no time?".
So right now I'm just saying that is very likely that if YOU guys feel
like this, one of the reasons is that almost no subscriber (outside
the circle mentioned above, of course) ever OPENS your list messages
Michel, you have much more to lose than me if you systematically make
your messages to this list (again, private email is another matter)
unnecessarily hard to read for many people. So it's you and Ryan that
should stop complaining about how hard it is to fill the blog, or how
lonely you feel because *participation* (not traffic...) is low, and
act. NOT ME.
ME, at this point, I *am* happy to use this list ONLY as an Rss feed
(that is, I open ONLY the messages which are NEW, not replies, and
ONLY when they have a clear, short, descriptive subject) or to ask
some specific information every now and then.

@_date: 2009-11-27 09:07:39
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
government than they give back | csmonitor.com
You keep ignoring the point that one reason why no widespread
participation happens _here_ is very likely the way you and a few
others use email; the absurdity of P2P advocates discouraging wide
*participation* on what should be a... *P2P* list; and the fact that
(regardless of what software/client is used) everybody with a metered
connection pays much more than they could out of THEIR pockets to read
your email, because YOU post HTML and never, ever trim before
But as I said, at this point it hurts you more than me: for example, I
remember very well that months ago somebody complained to you because
of your too long signature, and you said more or less "having this
signature that shows all I do is very important for me, it is
necessary to make all my work widely known, so I can't do without
it". The truth is that, just BECAUSE you never trim and top post, your
signature is always 2/3 screenfuls below what you reply, so NOBODY
ever sees it. So no problem for me, really.

@_date: 2009-11-27 15:12:42
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
before I answer, would it be OK for you if the two of us continued
this discussion off list in order to transform what we're saying in an
interview for  ? That would be great for me, of
course, because I do need the money from the ads in every article I put
there. If you prefer to put it on the P2P blog or at instead, that's completely OK with me of course, what matters is to
spread the word.
This said, may I observe that all you wrote in the first part seems to
prove my point?  Especially this:
which I take the liberty to decode as "ANY computer would have done
the trick, there was no need to make( or start from) a whole new
computer, and to make such a big epiphany of it"
Same here. Giving software based edu-tool to each single children =
good, if done right and starting from there. OLPC "sold" as
_absolutely_necessary_ and a saviour of the world =bad, hype,
This is one of the things that made me pay attention to OLE, cfr their
they accept any hardware that will do the job, and are indeed very
interested in cellphones as personal edu-terminals. And people are
already doing these things anyway, google for Wannigame to see what I
Must leave now. Later,

@_date: 2009-11-27 15:54:54
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
government than they give back | csmonitor.com
I still fail to see how a 300% increase and so on makes it right to
make others pay for your email formatting.
This is absolutely unfair. Even if I don't agree with all your
analyses and conclusions, I like your job, your writings, what you are
trying to do _and_ the way you handle your web presence. And I also
appreciated a lot, several times, the mature and civilized way in
which you handled human conflicts here and elsewhere, even if I didn't
always say it explicitely. I am NOT "only criticizing". I am only
criticizing _only_ the way you use mailing lists because, speaking
from friend to friend, that, and only that, just plain sucks. It's not
my fault if this is the situation, and I certainly don't think that
this makes you a "bad person" as a whole.
Oh, about this:
sorry, I didn't make myself clear.  What I meant is not that on other
mailing lists I read all messages. What I mean is that on this one,
and only this one, I *actively* avoid discussions 9 out of 10 times
only because of how quickly they become totally unreadable.
OK, enough. Let's get to work, we have other things to discuss and
continuing would only increase the number of badly formatted messages
I would be obliged to read :-)

@_date: 2009-11-27 16:09:47
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
I think it's better to do the opposite, or manage to publish the two
things simultaneously. For several reasons, at I only publish are that are:
- at least in part, never appeared online before, not even in mailing
  list archives
- short <= 700 words
- immediately relevant and understandable by the average parent or
  teacher who doesn't know the difference between hardware and
  software, nor wants to know.
What Paul wrote is already good or almost good for publication on the
P2P blog, and "as is" is a much better fit for that website than mine,
see above, even if I cut most of it, because I have a deeply different
target audience. Besides, I _must_ finish other things first, until
Dec 2nd I couldn't do anything anyway.
So (assuming Paul is interested, of course: if he isn't no problem, by
all means go ahead with his post on the blog!) the ideal thing for me
would be:
- I and Paul put together a SHORT, new interview on the same theme via email
- when that is ready, say two weeks from now, we publish the two
  pieces together, linking to each other
Again, if this is possible it's great for me, many thanks. If not, no
problem at all, as long as the story does come out.

@_date: 2009-11-27 19:55:16
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
government than they give back | csmonitor.com
So do I, otherwise I'd have unsubscribed for good long ago. Kevin, I
suspect that (even if you're one of the very few people here who does
know how to use email in mailing lists) you are missing my point
First of all:
what I've tried to explained several times is that, on this list, I
and others very often AVOID period, to respond and participate, even
WHEN the topic IS very interesting or we could give a useful
contribution... because threads become very quickly unreadable and
very time consuming to decipher, thanks to some posting habits.
Secondly, and this is where I suspect you miss my point:
Nobody ever talked of "lightening" and dumbing down anything. If I
wanted dumbed down discussions I'd watch reality shows on TV. I (and
A. Leitl, and in the past several other people!!!) am only complaining
about READABILITY. I *want* to read what Ryan, Michel, etc... say
here, and I want it as is, not dumbed down. I don't need dumbing down
of CONTENT, thank you very much.
I just get really frustrated when email is so messed up by bad
quoting, top posting and what not that it takes much more than
necessary to read it.
How would you feel if somebody, instead of giving you a printout of a
very interesting research paper, put his hands in the marmalade, then
used them to make a ball of those sheets of paper, then opened and
flattened them again (more marmalade), then handed you not the smeared
original sheets but a photocopy made with a copy machine running out
of toner? Because that's how I feel when I open most threads here. It
has NOTHING to do with the depth of the content.
Sorry to rehash this again. I really wanted this to end with my
earlier message, because it's obvious that it is useless to present
certain requests, but risking to also look like some retarded kid that
would like to participate in a discussion above his capabilities
really stirred me up.

@_date: 2009-11-28 08:12:16
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
Yes, I understand, thanks. The advantage in this case is that
"exclusivity" comes for free, meaning that I'd need different content
anyway, as the audience is different (think Oprah vs PhD classes :-) )
Oh and of course, the issue exists only if Paul is insterested in
spending some extra times chatting about this with me offline next

@_date: 2009-11-28 18:11:25
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
I think one of the reason you and Michel disagree may be that you're
thinking to different levels of learning. You may both be right, in
different situations.
For primary school stuff, a modern cellphone (cfr Wannigame) is
enough, as is already more powerful than the TeacherMate and has the
same advantage described in my article (feels more personal, can use
it without sitting still...). From high school up, it's an entirely
different thing.
Sure, but it's only AFTER the OLPC (and, I feel, *because* of it) that
other makers took the idea seriously enough that people started to
find piles of cheap EEes, Acer Aspire and similar stuff in every
computer store. So I think Michel is right on this, OLPC does have
this particular merit.
     Marco

@_date: 2009-11-28 19:55:03
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How to only reply to mailing lists, 
All email sent by mailing list servers has hidden headers that mean
"this is a message from the list whose address is XXX" where XXX is
the email address of the list itself.
The problem you mention simply disappears if you use an email client
which recognizes those headers. In any such client you have a button
or keyboard shortcut which means "never mind how the list is set up,
send my reply ONLY to the list".
I, for example, use Mutt. In Mutt, whenever I type "L" my reply goes
only to the list. If I type "r", instead, Mutt replies to whatever
address the list software wrote as the reply-address.  **Personally**
this is one of the reasons I use Mutt: it's just one of the ways in
which it makes me save much more time than any other client I've
As far as I know, and I believe your sentence above confirms this,
such a function is not possible to have in Gmail's web interface.
Thunderbird, however, can do the same thing as Mutt if you install an
extension.  Other clients... probably, I don't know.
So the way to avoid this specific hassle exists and is very "simple":
switch to Thunderbird (as it works on Linux, Mac, Windows...) and
install that extension. Of course, chosing a mail client is like
chosing a religion, not simple at all. I'm just saying "what you must
check if you want to avoid this hassle is if your email client has or
can install a reply-to-list function".

@_date: 2009-11-29 23:15:28
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
government than they give back | csmonitor.com
I, for one, *am* interested to know what are exactly the features you find
present in Gmail but not in Thunderbird, just out of curiosity. Private
replies are OK for me, since we're going more and more off-topic.
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 2009-11-29 23:49:55
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
government than they give back | csmonitor.com
thanks for the prompt and detailed answer. Only one question: what do you
mean by this:
All your other points are clear to me, but this... I'm not sure I
understand it.

@_date: 2009-11-30 00:06:27
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
government than they give back | csmonitor.com
Oh, that. Of course, now I get it. The equivalent feature in Thunderbird
is templates:  I
have no idea whether is better or worst than the one in Gmail, but that's
its name.
Thanks and goodnight for now.

@_date: 2009-10-05 08:42:15
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New website about active citizenship and other 
Greetings, everybody.
I have just started a new bilingual website aimed to present certain
concepts and news to the general public, in SMALL chunks (1/2 printed
pages, top) and in the SIMPLEST possible language. It doesn't overlap
at all with most of the excellent websites and articles usually
mentioned on lists like this, for the simple reason that those are
almost always written for, or read by, people who already deeply care
and/or have or want to acquire a solid background on certain themes.
I, instead, want to try to reach other people, those who don't
normally read more than 4/500 words in one day or have no interest for
technology, that still only get all news from mainstream TV stations
and maybe don't even use a computer, or are convinced that the
Internet is some weird Facebook plugin.
To explain what I mean, the copyright page (still to be translated in
English) says "no online copies of anything on this website are
permitted (*), but you are encouraged/requested to print as many
copies you want of single pages, to hand them out as brochures to all
your friends, relative, coworkers... because it's time to reach those
who can't be convinced with a link found into an email, because they
haven't email or only check it once a month"
Right now, the website has only a few articles, only in Italian, but
from next week it will start getting regular updates. You can read the
reason I'm telling you this on this list at
I'm sure you can think of many things discussed here that should be
mentioned in (at least) the "LivingWorld" and "Active Citizens"
 feel encouraged in any moment to
signal here or privately possible topics, links to similar websites
(so I don't redo something already existing), remembering that the
most interesting ones for the Stop! would be things that could be done
by, or be interesting for, even somebody who's living an ordinary life
into a flat in some big city. Or thought in their children's schools.
(*) the reasons will be clear in that page, as soon as I get around to
translate it.

@_date: 2009-10-05 08:43:02
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Floating Hydro-Electric Barrel Generator 
Just one note: when discussing this or any other "micro-hydro"
solutions, don't forget the dangers discussed in the first two
comments of
(the "what happens with a storm flow" part looks particularly
interesting from Italy right now, with TV stations giving more and
more images of the Messina disaster flood...)
     Marco
General note: as Paul, I too would very much prefer a short, plain
text abstract plus link to a big HTML bubble

@_date: 2009-10-05 16:23:34
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New website about active citizenship and 
I'm convinced that if I do it right it has a lot of potential and
usefulness even in EU/North America. A report published last week says
only 52/55% of italian families has a computer at home (often out of
lack of interest, not money).
Besides, I'm SURE that even in countries with much higher computer
penetration rates most people still use computers and the internet
only as toys. In other words, that if you want to let them know of
certain things, you have to convince some of their neighbors to drop a
printout in their home letterbox. Two other reasons to go for the
"chunks of info that fit on one PRINTED page" are:
1) I don't believe much in online petitions and what Morozov (IIRC)
   rightly calls slacktivism ("if the world is wrong, start a Facebook
   group, feel good about it and do nothing else"). Permitting only
   printed copies to hand out manually is also my way to hint to FOSS
   and other activist that getting their butts off their chairs and
   talking with real, average people is necessary to make enough change
   happen soon enough.
2) real literacy rates outside activist circles are really depressing
   in many countries. People just shut their brain off if a text is
   longer than what I plan to write.
So these are the reason why I'll do it this way. I confess I had not
thought at all to the "mobile phone browser" users, as I dumped them
in my mind together with "ordinary" Internet users. But you're
absolutely right that information "formatted" as I plan to do, on a
vanilla website, will be not only useful, but also perfectly useable
even by people who only go online through a cellphone.

@_date: 2009-10-05 16:28:38
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New website about active citizenship and 
Thanks for the appreciation! I know about Mauro's work, I read it
months ago. I also plan to talk about P2P philosophy sometimes in the
future, but considering who I want to target I must first build a big
corpus of "practical" example articles that I can then use as
reference to illustrate general principles.
For example, one of the first thing I'd like to add in the LivingWorld
section is overviews of innovative housing method (this is a recycle
of what I wanted to write last spring after Abruzzo's earthquake).

@_date: 2009-10-05 17:24:47
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Floating Hydro-Electric Barrel Generator 
This is the same concern I mentioned, isn't it?
I assume by Active Solar you mean photovoltaics and by Passive water
heaters and such, isn't it? In any case, I had not thought until today
to any leakage related problem, thanks for mentioning it.
Even ignoring leakage, I agree that really implementing off the grid
living, p2p energy production, smart grids etc... on a large scale
will prove to be much harder than we'd like it to be.
Just yesterday a friend of mine who lives in a small single townhouse
complained that Italian regulations forbid her to install as much PV
panels as she could actually host her roof. She'd have tax discounts
for the number of panels whose theoretical output equals the top power
output (let's say 3KW) of her current power line from the utility
company, and she could "sell" to that company the electricity she
doesn't use personally. But she wouldn't have these incentives for
extra panels.
First I agreed with her that this is a dark conspiracy from powerful,
greedy, amoral corporations to keep all us slaves of their services.
Only later I realized that (even if the first reason is certainly
present) there are objective technical reasons to forbid certain
practices today. If she (and all her neighbors) installed 6KW worth of
PV panels instead of 3KW, and all those panels started to pump energy
into the current breakers, local grid etc... all that part of the grid
would blow up on the first sunny day.
I also share all your concerns about this. Years ago I used as a
signature that Heinlein quote saying more or less "a human being
should be able to do [practically everything]. Specialization is for
insects" because it looks real cool. Then I realized just what you
write above plus the fact that, as somebody said on Slashdot:
"the whole damned point of having a civilization is to allow a small
minority of farmers to produce enough food for everyone so that the
rest of us can do things like engineering, science, art, law,
politics, philosophy and all those other things that many of us find
more satisfying than toiling in a field"
Oh, and did you read
There is place and need for a LOT more of P2P-ness in the world than
there is today of course. Especially in education, it is important to
teach kids that, even if it is not realistic or worthwhile to go for a
100% "distributed personal manufacturing" world (unless you aim to 50+
generations from now) they can have much more control on their future
than was possible in other ages, if they are more "peers among peers"
than our generation is.
I can see it working for "rich" people, that is those owning single
houses. Not for the masses living in condos. But we'll see.
Links about this, please?
I think this is mostly valid for me too.
  Marco

@_date: 2009-10-20 16:56:26
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Online course on culture, civil rights and ICT 
next december I'll start teaching an online course. The main topics
are summarized here:
The course discusses in depth many of the issues mentioned in these
while the course was originally designed for volunteers participating
in NGO development projects overseas, all the content, and above all
the general slant of each lesson, is deliberately covered at a level
- doesn't require any software-related competence beyond basic
  end-user knowledge of personal computers
- is directly useful also to all teachers, parents and other citizens
  who care about active citizenship, civil rights, open governments
  and similar issues.
the December 2009 edition of the course is in Italian only (meaning
that the slideshows and discussions in the forums will only be in
Italian). I would like to understand if there is demand for an English
edition of the same course, so thanks in advance for any feedback and
for passing the word around as much as you can.

@_date: 2009-10-23 00:59:44
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your next home! 
A simple way to help everybody, even people not normally interested in
sustainability, p2p-friendly cities etc... to rethink the quality of
their urban life:
"Walkability is a characteristic of homes and apartments that all
their owners, or everybody considering (even in these times) buying a
new house should know and think about."
Full text (please don't overlook the terms of use) at

@_date: 2009-10-23 17:13:06
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your 
many thanks for all the comments and reference material. I want to
cover these themes again on Stop!, so I'll certainly use them in the
future. Here and now, I would only highlight one background aspect of
your reply (NOT as a critic, just as food for everybody's thought)
most of what you said is only valid, applicable or otherwise an issue
in the USA and only there, because North America has screwed itself up
so badly with zoning and urban sprawl. Or maybe in China/Asia, but
there I really don't know. In Italy and most of Europe there is no
rising populations (even considering immigration, if you look more
than a decade ahead). And many, many cities here would be perfectly
walkable as they are, if we just managed to:
- kick cars out of the streets (there are so many cars that eventually
  it takes less time to drive than wait for a bus, which is less
  comfortable and slowed down by cars parked in the middle of the
  street; and driving becomes even healthier and safer, especially if
  moving with kids, than breathing smog and slaloming by feet among
  cars as a pedestrian)
- reorganize work hours, public services and public transportation so
  that they all work in harmony, rather than each against the others.
European cities have been walkable since the Roman Empire. Today in
Italy, and I'm sure in most of Europe, there is no need to build new
cities. Besides, there is NO space anymore, if one cares even a little
bit about the environment, local food production and similar issues.
Here we need to make empty apartments available on the rental market,
and above all slowly REBUILD /SUBSTITUTE what already exist. Last year
there was a report saying most public schools buildings are unsafe
because too old. A plan to rebuild all of them, a few every year,
INSTEAD of building new homes or whole new cities nobody knows where,
would keep all the building industry busy for decades.
But they (industry and politicians) prefer to keep lobbying for new
residential buildings permits, or dumb huge projects like the Messina
Bridge, because it is easier and less tiring to make money in ways you
already know (even if they are harmful in the long term) than try new

@_date: 2009-10-23 20:27:53
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your 
(answer to Michel's post in this same thread: the way you describe the
traffic, Hanoi and Bangkok feel just like Naples :-) )
any reference for this? Sounds just as rationale as genetically
modifying people to look the same so one doesn't get too stressed when
evaluating a potential mate...
This problem also exists in a smaller way in condominiums
neighborhood.  Italian apartment buildings built in the last 20 years
assume that you either have only one child or have too much money to
count it. There are either very small apartments or very, very big and
luxury ones. I've seen buildings where a family >= 5 people should
have bought 2 adjacent apartment and tear down (compiling a mountain
of paperwork and paying several fees) the wall between them to have a
decent place to live.
Absolutely yes. In Italy this problem is often solved by staying in
your parent's place till you're 35 yrs old.
Speaking only about Italy: seasteading is expensive and, as many "big
next thing" projects, doing it here frankly seems just a mental
exercise or toy for rich people, not a scalable solution. Why should
people (or governments) who have no money for a normal house have
money for a seasteading one?
Above all: WHY on Earth waste time and money on seasteading when
making EXISTING cities work (remember I said there are many empty
apartments here, and will increase with falling population) would cost
much less, have a much lower eco-footprint and probably be available?
The first rule of sustainability is "reuse", isn't it?
So I won't speak for other countries, but here in Italy I'd be
probably against any project of that kind for the same reason I don't
like the Messina bridge: very cool, impressive and expensive solution
looking for a problem.
As far as I know, almost all the young people who leave Italy for the
reasons you mention want to remain in what you call the pyramid
scheme, just with more money or less artificial obstacles in the
profession they like :-)
But you're absolutely right that "It's a socio-political issue more than a physical issue in that sense"

@_date: 2009-10-24 00:34:55
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your 
Thanks for all these references, they're really fascinating!
yes, that's me and anybody below forty...
Correct. True story: two weeks before the Italian general elections of
2006 (Berlusconi vs Prodi, who won that time), I happened into a bar
of a very popular area of Rome, one well known in earlier times for
NOT loving anything Right/capitalist/neoliberal etc... and for being
quite proud of it.
The bartender was not more than 20 years old. While we were tasting a
wonderful Espresso, an friend of his of the same age (which, I
understood, was apprentice mechanic, obviously without any contract,
in some car body shop along the same street) came in. This is what I
Bartender:  Have you decided for who you will vote?
Apprentice: No, not yet. Actually, I haven't decided if I'll vote at all
Apprentice: but if I do vote, I'll vote for Berlusconi. Prodi will
Bartender:  You're right
Exactly. Around here I do see many youngsters who are more backwards
than their parents, meaning that they still think in categories
(sometimes "left", sometimes "right/yuppie" that made sense when the
Berlin Wall was still intact.
just for the record, apartment prices in Rome probably go (I believe,
not really up to date on this) from 2500/3000 Euro per square meter up
to the sky
I must force myself to finish some work by tomorrow morning :-( Next
week I'll try to come back to this conversation, but don't be offended
if I ignore it for a while or forget it. Before going back to work,
I'll leave a couple of objections to your numbers:
1) what you discuss in the rest of the message sounds much more like
   "boat people" than "seasteading" to me. Maybe I'm wrong, but the
   latter word makes me thing to self sufficient ways of living, not
   just moving from the city to 1 km from the beach.
2) (tied to  Let's assume this apartment ship magically appears
   because somebody (not the future occupants) pays for it. Then what?
   Either the inhabitants become all fishermen to feed themselves
   (that is, they exercise the same pressure on the environment as
   before, just floating on a junk ship) or they must leave every
   morning to go work somewhere to pay their commuting from the ship
   PLUS all the commuting from the landing point to the office or
   factory, plus food, which will cost more to bring and cook
   aboard (how? with gas or petrol? Bought how?)...
Biorock sounds messing with the sea, that is like geoengineering to
me. Right now I'm scared of any form of geoengineering, but I admit I
may very well be wrong on biorock and such.
Believe it or not, there already IS a project to build two or three
artificial islands just in front of the mouth of the Tiber River, very
close to Rome: of course, it's only meant to host casinos, luxury
hotels, theme amusement parks and the like. That's what we have to
face, not biorock or seasteading. Even limiting the damage is a
continuous struggle.
Oh, and taking advantage of the last Swimming world championship held
here in Rome last July, somebody stole public funds and building
permits to build a concrete cube working as pool and hostel for
athletes... which is not finished yet and will never be used for the
reason why they got the money to build it. So now there is this huge
empty box with many apartments inside like those you could have on a
ship, just better, already hooked to power lines, sewers and Internet.
And, now, almost no undeveloped land around.
Try telling homeless families or youngsters still living with mum in
that neighborhood how cool would it be to go seasteading, or even just
live into an old ship, when they see that empty box there, just 500
meters from the subway station they'd use to commute, every day. If
the ship magically appears and they get a free apartment in it,
they'll use it, otherwise they'll just kick our asses and some day
occupy that building. Which, environmentally, would make much more
sense anyway.
I know you're playing with ideas, and this is very necessary work that
must be done (thanks!) and I'm back on this list just because it helps
me immensely to look at all this playing and sometimes participate.
I'm just saying that here and now, housing-wise, making good use of
what's already available keeps looking to me much, much more sensible
than any alternative.
Sorry, but must really, really go back to finish an article now...

@_date: 2009-10-29 07:48:25
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Suggestions wanted for education to p2p practices 
here's a question: if you were preparing a proposal for education in
the 6-12 years age range, what would you write in it in order to
educate the children to a p2p-like attitude and practice with respect
to nutrition, (self) healthcare, protection of the environment? I
mean, what do you think the children should learn and how? Which
practices? Which success and failure stories (please let's keep in
mind the age range, that is use only simple examples in limited time,
only suggest things/activities that children that age may do
personally, etc...!)  should they know?
Context: I am preparing a talk which should also touch the theme
above, and hopefully there will also be space for examples from other
parts of the world. Right after the event the talk will be published
with a CC license at  .
Sorry for vagueness, but my schedule for the next days changed without
notice this morning (nothing bad) so I have to leave the computer
right now and don't know how much I'll be at home in the next hours/
Thank you in advance for any feedback
      Marco

@_date: 2009-10-30 07:40:02
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More on: Suggestions wanted for education to p2p 
thanks to everybody who already answered on the list or privately. I
am getting a ton of useful material, as I was sure would happen, that
I will all use in one way or another, so I'm really happy to have
Just a bit more explanation. In the next days, I should give a speech
about the impact of digital technologies to people who want to prepare
a detailed program proposal which is:
- specifically for "basic education in developing countries"
- also includes basic education to "nutrition, healthcare,
  eco-friendly practices"
So this is the context of my original question:
Again, I will surely use other material, sooner or later, for
 and/or other future talks, so thanks for
sending and discussing it, now and in the future, any time. In the
next 48 hours, however, I am specifically interested in practical
proposals of how to do the second point above, or specific examples of
people who already did it or are doing it, in a way that you think
should be imitated.
Sorry for not sending enough details in the original request and thanks!
        Marco

@_date: 2009-10-31 10:40:09
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More on: Suggestions wanted for education to	p2p 
thanks for the info. More comments inline:
yes, I am interested in knowing more about Nigeria and Positive
Concern.  The proposal is generic, for poor children, not elite
schools, in all developing countries, but as I said, I'm interested in
this also beyond (and regardless of) next week talk.
The notes about the library and soap are relevant indeed for me. Soap
making and water purification are indeed skills that should be taught
in many areas. One question I have about the library is "what do you
think of ebook readers in such contexts?"
Theoretically, a book reader can be loaded with hundreds of books even
without an internet connection, much less than those books, can be
charged even with a portable solar charger everywhere...
In practice, I know that there may be many obstacles, from hardware
breaking very soon in tropical climates to theft, teachers hostility
or other cultural factors of any kind. What is your opinion on this?
Personally, as long as the children do get the right information and
do use it, I am not so strict about how basic education happens.
Practically speaking, P2P or rote learning could be equally effective
when teaching how to read or wash your hands. With older students and
other subjects is an entirely different issue, of course. But even
then judging what is the most effective way to act is a problem that
must certainly be solved differently in every culture, and your
comment is very important. What do other list subscribers think?

@_date: 2009-10-31 10:52:17
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More on: Suggestions wanted for education to	p2p 
great post, thanks. Length is OK and welcome, probably Michel will ask
you to reformat this as a post for the blog :-)
By "developing" right now (ie for next week talk) I mean children in
poor rural areas of Asia, Africa, Latin America. Sooner or later, I'll
surely use everything you wrote. The things I'll use first, ie next
week, are certainly the TippyTap (
 and the pot-in-pot
refridgeration system. I'm a big fan of keeping things as simple as
One thing I find particularly relevant, not for me but for p2p
discussion in general, is this comment of yours:
Because it's much more general than it looks. Substitute "kids" with
"adults who are illiterate or maybe even graduates of top university,
but just don't care and don't want to care about certain sectors of
knowledge and human activity"... and what you say is still 100%
valid. It's exactly what happens with Free Software all the time.
That 5% or less of humans who like to code software share it with the
world, and get frustrated when most everybody else, including
extremely smart people, simply ignores all that beauty, because they
couldn't find anything more BORING than learning to program and share
code... But this is a whole different discussion, of course.

@_date: 2009-10-31 14:19:53
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A software certification that rewards children 
If software certifications must continue (and I'm not saying they
shouldn't!) at least they better be pro-Free Software and p2p-minded:

@_date: 2009-10-31 15:38:33
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Correct URL for: A software certification that 
Sorry, I don't know the reason, but I sent a wrong URL. This is the right one:
Thanks to Pamela for informing me!

@_date: 2010-08-06 17:59:56
@_author: Marco Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Are citizens really ready for open government? 
Here is the summary of a talk I just gave on this topic, with link to
the full (CC-licensed) slides:

@_date: 2010-08-10 10:47:57
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: important message to all p2p foundation 
I confess that a) I haven't indeed followed the discussion in detail
and b) for that and other reasons I honestly do NOT have an idea about
which way is technically better, so I'm in no conditions to take side
on this and would rather avoid it.
This said, there is one thing that I don't understand, probably my
fault because of a) above: who is that, from a purely technical point
of view, actually "owns" the website today?
(Yes, I could find most of the info below by myself if I looked, but I
am asking here instead simply to stimulate discussion and possibly
help others to find a solution)
By "own" I mean:
- has the main account and password to the current wordpress
  installation, with the power to make full backups, create other
  users, delete them or alter their editing privileges etc...
- is the owner of the p2pfoundation.org domain name, which also means
  having the power to make new subdomains like
  new-wiki.p2pfoundation.org
- pays the bill for the server where everything is running today
This person (let's assume it's always the same for simplicity) has all
the power needed (again, from a purely technical point of view) to
make a fork NOW and almost automatically, regardless of what others
So, Michel, is this discussion going on because you do not _want_ to
make that fork or because you _cannot_ do it, since it is Alex himself
or somebody else who agrees with him, to hold the key?

@_date: 2010-08-10 12:04:58
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: important message to all p2p foundation 
On Tue, Aug 10, 2010 16:14:30 PM +0700, Michel Bauwens
Let's start from this (taking my comment that follows as just a bit of
absolutely _general_ friendly advice given with constructive spirit,
and feel free to completely ignore it of course):
I really don't see how you can keep publishing online as MUCH as you
want to do (especially in a collaborative way) AND afford at all the
"nor care to learn" position in the medium/ long term. Unless you're
sure you can always pay some professional to handle the details for
you. This hasn't even anything to do with being free software geeks or
not, because the required skills are NOT about programming, but let's
ignore that. Point is, if you moved to any of the "public spaces" you
mention, you'd have NO guarantee that they wouldn't, in 1/2 years from
now (or every 1/2 years...) that their providers:
- go out of business
- be hacked and lose all your data, with no obligation to you
- change their terms of service, or start charging money (remember
  ning?), therefore becoming unsustainable, but WITHOUT giving you any
  "wiki migration function", ie forcing you to retype everything
  somewhere else
- terminate your account and cancel all your stuff "just because"
Again, this is just a really general friendly thought/advice that we
can merrily discard from now in discussing the current problem. With
respect to that, it seems clear to me that:
 "the majority" including me, has no preference, be it because it
 would take too much time to make a really informed opinion or
 whatever else. Otherwise this thread wouldn't have lasted so long
 with only you and Alex talking to each other. I'm NOT saying "please
 stop filling the list". I am just saying "probably it's pointless to
 expect more/any feedback from the list", you have to sort this out
 between the two of you and Sam.
 since YOU and not Alex started the foundation and did almost all the
 website work until today, personally I could not object or blame if
 you had simply told Alex weeks ago "thanks but from now on you will
 only work inside alex.p2pfoundation.net period". EVEN IF I WERE SURE
 that he's 100% right and you 100% wrong (which I am far from being,
 since I haven't followed the discussion and I know so little of the
 website content that can't figure out without lots of time which
 organization I would prefer). That's why I asked, essentially, can
 you control the current website or not?
I mean, to me right now, more than "who's right, Michel or Alex" it
seems more important to ask "what's the best way to let both of them
not stump on each other and let time tell which way is best?"
This whole problem doesn't exist because nobody knows which way is
better. It only exists because you want to do two different things in
the same place.

@_date: 2010-08-10 13:14:59
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: important message to all p2p 
p2pfoundation.com is a whole_new_ domain. Is it available, can you buy
it if it isn't already yours...? And why would it be needed, since it
would also generate confusion? Or maybe you meant a 3rd level
subdomain, like alex.p2pfoundation.net? only the latter route is free
and doable in minutes by whoever is the contact for the current

@_date: 2010-08-11 21:59:46
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Interview about future plans of Free Technology 
my interview to FTA director Wouter Tebbens is now online at:

@_date: 2010-08-12 07:42:22
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
1) in the long run, you're very likely to have even more problems than
  in this circumstance if you keep refusing to "look under the hood",
  so to speak, of online publishing and communication systems. Both
  because I don't think it's really compatible with a role and
  profession like yours, and because it has nothing to do with
  becoming a programmer or anything of the sort. My advice is to start
  planning to solve this problem to save you from more stress in the
  future.
 I haven't spent enough time to
  understand exactly what actually are the technical (how to format or
  hide formatting...) and organizational (most effective website
  layout and categories structure) parts of the quarrel between you
  and Alex and I really have no time to do it. However, since there's
  no doubt that you are the founder and the one that did the majority
  of the work on the current website, this settles the question for
  me. You have the right to keep the name and keep the website as you
  want (but for your own good, work on  above), Alex stops editings
  NOW, then mirrors the whole wiki somewhere _else_ with _another_ name
  and keeps restructuring that as he pleases.
Personally, I see no need to investigate further now. If this fork
will lead, over time, to Alex's wiki to get much more traffic and
contributions and generally more support and interest of the original
one, because it's structured better, SEO-optimized and what not, it
will be self-evident and it will always be technically and legally
possible to merge again the two things in one.

@_date: 2010-08-12 07:53:29
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Interview about future plans of Free Technology 
thanks for spreading the link!
I need even the little money that comes from traffic to that website,
so please don't copy **whole** articles from there anywhere else,
unless they are explicitly licensed otherwise (as I did for the whole
"digital standards in government series, for example:

@_date: 2010-08-12 13:13:10
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
On Thu, Aug 12, 2010 16:07:10 PM +0700, Michel Bauwens
This is, or so I hope, my last message in this thread, because I
absolutely must finish some other job today and will offline for at
least a week from tomorrow.
generally speaking, the sooner you get over your refusal of what you
call "code", which in this case is mostly markup, the more productive
you'll become. If you keep insisting that you "don't want to see code
cluttering the page and burying the content" you'll burn yourself out
some day, guaranteed. REGARDLESS of Alex or this whole business. Trust
me on this.
This, however, is a different thing I hadn't realized until now:
If this really is the effect of Alex's changes, I don't recommend
it. It's a REAL NEAT idea, and I want to learn how it's done to apply
it to some content I want to edit and publish some day all by
myself. But I only plan to do it on something that would be "all by
myself". I have strong doubts that this can work scalably in real life
on text like this in this wiki.
In this case I disagree with Patrick's assertion that text is just
like code and that you can and should mix it like programmers do with
libraries and function calls to save time. What's on the wiki is
philosophy, not (like software code is, after all) plain sequences of
practical instructions and commands to build a house, fix a car or
cook a soup.
Making content appear in different places at the same time is a neat
idea on an online cooking manual, probably not here. I understand
Michel's wish to not blindly "change and propagate" pieces of this
kind of content inside OTHER pages.
It could work and scale with this kind of stuff if/when all the
content were always made by one person, that is ONE brain always
working more or less in the same way with the same words and style,
not in a collaborative environment that does philosophy instead of
In my opinion, much of what you "returned" after this line isn't
really fit for a public list. Whoever is right or wrong and whoever
did it first.

@_date: 2010-08-12 16:46:09
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] text as code 
yes, I made clear (or so I hope, at least) both that I see the two
things to BE well different and independent, and that the really
serious one is the second. In this specific case I'd recommend not to
use what you call "text as code, seeded by different pages" even if
you and Alex were both for it.
of course. My nitpicking side still refuses to call code what isn't
code but just markup :-) ... but of course I agree. You'll have noted,
I hope, that first I never put my remarks as an ultimatum with a
deadline, just as advice, and secondly that your attitude doesn't even
bother me personally. I simply wonder (IN GENERAL, not here or about
you: in a sense, this is the same general issue I discussed in my "are
people ready for open government" talk), what are in this age the long
term consequences. And of course it's about power, besides being
self-evident this is one of the very few things that both you and Alex
It's just interesting, though, and food for thought and new articles
when this will be over, the level at which this storm happened. You
The slogan I use in my talks to warn people about the same general
issue is "technology is legislation these days. That's why it's
becoming more and more dangerous every year to not know at least its
general principles"

@_date: 2010-08-25 10:41:12
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: The End of Management - WSJ.com 
The funny or tragical thing is that the paragraph above, that is the
starting point of the whole article, is the very same thing "gurus"
where saying in the late 80's up to at least the mid 90's . It really
seems written 20+ years ago, which of course is great food for

@_date: 2010-12-07 07:28:39
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Listmaster Announcement: Possible Migration to 
Just a question: wasn't /isn't now anybody making automatic offline
copies of all the list archive?

@_date: 2010-12-08 08:23:53
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Hi folks,
first of all, sorry for starting this very interesting discussion by
sending a link to my own article:
and then dropping completely out of it. I've had a couple of very busy
weeks, still catching up with work after some travels and courses.
For now, just a comment on this:
On Mon, Nov 22, 2010 23:41:43 PM +0000, j.martin.pedersen
what follows is NOT to criticize anybody, just to summarize my own
position in this discussion:
as far as **I** am concerned, I have never hidden behind
immateriality. ME, I've always known very well that the so-called
"cyberspace" is a very physical thing, and that things like the Free
SW movement or even these chats we're having are only possible because
personal computers are affordable, that is only because a few
multinationals use patents and consume a lot of physical resources to
produce them in huge quantities. And I've ever known that, for
example, the "immaterial" software and file formats we use have big,
direct consequences on the physical environment. Here are, from newer
to older, some of the things I've already written that prove this
Now going to catch up with the rest of this discussion

@_date: 2010-12-08 08:25:21
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] If banking were more Open Source, 
Not P2P banking, but a tool to make possible p2p control of how banks
are used:

@_date: 2010-12-08 08:33:41
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
On Sun, Nov 28, 2010 17:32:27 PM +0000, j.martin.pedersen
Well said! This is one of the things that the last wikileaks
development are (luckily, it was about time) making very clear to the
masses: cloud computing, from Gmail to Facebook, is bad for p2p and
civil rights in general. Using it **also** to spread the word
"outside" is very good, or at least unavoidable. Depending on it is
bad. John Naughton said it well on the Guardian:
The software parts of the "hack" are already all there. All is missing
at that level is integration.
   Marco

@_date: 2010-12-08 08:40:24
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
On Sun, Nov 28, 2010 11:15:08 AM -0700, Patrick Anderson
why do you say so?
As far as I understand (especially after listening directly to Moglen
recently, I summed up what he said at
at least Moglen says we should "in isolation" as you say, our own
physical servers, but I really don't think or got the impression that
he tought we could do without a common, centralized, physical telecom
Personally, JUST BECAUSE the material infrastructure is very material,
very big, very expensive and very polluting to duplicate, in general I
really don't like proposals of building complete, alternative
networks.  Much better, much more efficient and much more
environmentally sound to reform control of what already exist, IMO.

@_date: 2010-12-08 08:49:40
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
On Fri, Dec 03, 2010 19:29:58 PM +0000, j.martin.pedersen
Just really, really curious about one secondary thing: It looks like I
bear a lot of responsibility for giving that title to that interview.
Given its actual content, which title would have you chosen for that
article, if somebody had told you "don't change one word, but put it
online with a proper title"?
As I said, just really curios, not wishing to argue or make any point!

@_date: 2010-12-08 09:10:03
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
You're welcome!
Before this thread I didn't know at all about Tangible Bit, thanks for
the link. I haven't read enough about it to have a real opinion
yet. My instinctive feeling is that the problems you mentioned, about
different groups of "Open Hardware" people each set on its own way of
doing things, are unavoidable at this stage (it's still just too young
of a movement) and will unavoidably merge and consolidate (on methods
and standards) because it will surely fail otherwise.

@_date: 2010-12-08 09:16:18
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Roberto, and Michel,
maybe I'm just sleepy today, but was this message reformatted and
published on the blog or anywhere else already? It is very
The only "defect" (which is not Roberto's fault, of course!) is that
as is is probably too "heavy" for non activists. To fix this "defect"
I would like to do a synthesis of it ( <=500 words) both in english
and italian and publish it on my blog, with CC0 license, sometimes
next week. Is that OK? Of course, if such a synthesis already exists online, thanks for the link!

@_date: 2010-12-08 09:44:44
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
I just checked. There are links to other stuff from Roberto on the
same topics, but the beauty of this last email is that it came out
already built as **one** good compendium, that's why I would like to
start from it.

@_date: 2010-12-08 09:59:36
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
I am not sure I understand completely your comment/question. What I
is only a description of the current situation, not a judgment pro or
against patents. And innovation simply was not in my mind when I wrote
the paragraph above, because the topic of this thread is whether the
digital commons are immaterial or not.
Computers and the Internet have become (relatively) affordable today
only thanks to a technology and economical model that is anything but
commons. How innovative or innovation-friendly that model is is a
separate issue, and maybe irrelevant in this thread, since the digital
commons already exist and prosper on top of it even if it's stifling
innovation. Was it Booney in Berlin who said (speaking of biotech)
that you don't need to have good technology to be successful?
Of course, we could and should discuss at length if and how much
outright abolition of patents would _lessen_ the environmental
footprint of the digital commons. But since that footprint would still
remain BIG, this was in my mind a topic for another day.

@_date: 2010-12-20 07:12:48
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
Still reading it, haven't a real opinion yet:
The reason I'm inviting to read it on a list like this is this
comments are very welcome

@_date: 2010-12-20 12:42:43
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
On Mon, Dec 20, 2010 12:25:24 PM +0100, Christian Siefkes
No, sorry. It's against their terms of service:
I have already discussed at length on this very list why, in the
interest of free (both as in freedom and as in price) culture I find
wrong or at least very counterproductive to copy full online texts, so
I won't repeat it now, not in this thread at least.
Regardless of my opinion, there is no paywall there. Why do you say
so? As far as I know, there _will_ be one in 2011, but not for casual
I sure haven't paid anything to read that page (maybe I did a free
registration, I really don't remember) _and_ it is still readable, I
just checked.

@_date: 2010-02-02 12:11:31
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Disappointed (so far) by Italian Open Legislation 
In may 2009 I announced on the P2P Foundation blog
what I believe is the first collaborative law writing experiment in
Italy. Unfortunately, when last week I downloaded the last version of
the law proposal I found a couple of disappointing things in it.
Full story here:      	   Marco

@_date: 2010-02-03 20:11:28
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I understand (I think) what you are saying above and boy, do I agree!,
but with a suggestion. I find it much simpler and robust, so to speak,
to substitute "ideas" with "time" in your last sentence above.
It cuts all the "marginal cost of copies is zero", "information wants
to be free" "scarcity is artificial" etc... slogans down to something
much more concrete. My own TIME is only mine and is sure as hell a
really limited resource.
If it takes me, say, five full days to research and test stuff in
order to write something that gives one million people emotions
(e.g. poetry) or, much more prosaically, teaches them in twenty
minutes how to do something they need to do, I may only be able to
afford to do it if there is some guarantee that I can make enough of
it to at least pay my expenses for those same days. If there are no
such guarantee (because there is no protection at all of that time
investment, ignoring for a moment how it is legally called) I won't
cry from the rooftops. I'll simply spend that same time teaching
privately in some school or course for people who can afford a good
live teacher. But in that case, since time is damn scarce, I will NOT
have any TIME left to do the other thing, even if that could have been
useful to many more people by publishing it online
Very well said, again. When I talk with FOSS zealots, I often point
out that "I can't say people with a straight face that in order to be
Free as in Freedom they HAVE to use only the software that *I* call

@_date: 2010-02-03 21:58:43
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Analytical and abstract my foot. I was ONLY describing MY own, very
personal, very concrete experience about paying my own very concrete
bills and mortgage by doing something that's also useful to as many
people as possible. It's much, much less theoretical and abstract than
everything else you wrote in the rest of your post. And even if what
you wrote were out of personal experience, it would only describe half
of the story.

@_date: 2010-02-03 23:23:06
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I said I am being concrete. It doesnt' esclude ideological.
Not at all. When it comes to copyright (that's the only part of "IP" I
meant to talk about when I stepped in this thread and yes, not making
this clear from the beginning is my fault) my position is - current copyright is terribly screwed up.
- this said, copyright as compensation for _authors_ or _performers_
  for their consumption of a very limited resource, ie their own time,
  if they want such a compensation of course, is good and even needed,
  in many practical cases, to maximize production of useful/meaningful
  creative works.
- as long as copyright lasts say ten years from publication and has
  quite a stricter scope than it has today
this is an approach that doesn't exclude difference. In a system like
this, the majority of works in any given field and moment would be in
the public domain (ie the opposite of what happens today), and
everybody could freely decide wether to keep full copyright, going CC
or just release directly in the public domain with much less
consequences for society as a whole than it happens today. Aren't you
sure you aren't the one who wants to eliminate difference and go
monological, coercive and so on?
The only challenge here is for you to step down the pulpit and
acknowledge that I didn't deny for one moment the concreteness and
legitimacy and freedom of everybody else to do what they want. I do
accept difference.
Or maybe you do mean to not be taken seriously and be simply ignored
from now on. First of all, please note I said "(e.g. poetry) OR":
secondly, it's a good habit to check online before judging people. Had
you bothered to use a search engine, you'd have found and read why I
said "abstract and theoretical my foot" in less time than it took you
to type this last message:    'night

@_date: 2010-02-04 07:44:18
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I have the impression that, after being so lazy to not search by
yourself online what I do for a living, you were also lazy enough to
not read the link I gave you: That page makes evident in a few seconds, to whoever bothers to
actually read it, that while I am obviously not a poet, what I wrote
in this thread does come from direct experience. I had already said
twice "poetry OR". Even IF what I said were always false about poetry,
it wouldn't be enough to prove that copyright makes no sense or that
would still hurt society if it were reformed as I suggest.
Gee, I had really never realized it before. Thanks!!! OK, let's say
then that:
1) time IS inherently scarce and limited. that's a law of nature that
   wouldn't change a bit if we didn't need to eat or if guaranteed
   basic income became available worldwide. The time we spent in this
   thread won't come back, it is lost for any other thing we could
   have done with it
2) if and when basic income arrives, we'll be finally able to, or have
   to rethink copyright and lots of other things. I fully agree on
   that. Until that day, I see my analysis of the actual situation and
   the copyright reform proposals (NOT abolition) that come out of it
   having a much, much bigger potential to benefit society as a whole
   than any speculation that you made in this thread (regardless of
   their actual value).
Generally speaking, I believe that if, in the last 20/30 years,
intellectuals had spent in creating *mass* interest, understanding and
support for a drastic reduction of copyright _duration_ (= one single
practical topic, that everybody can understand, apply and approve)
half the time they've spent in developing and explaining deep
metaphysical analyses like the one you made here yesterday (AGAIN:
regardless of the actual value of yours analyses, OK?) we'd have
already solved the problem of artificial scarcity of music, school
books or any other creative work.

@_date: 2010-02-04 10:18:01
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Re-reading this sub-thread, I think there are a couple of mistakes in
it. I surely made a mistake in mentioning poetry the first time,
because everything else I said remains valid in general, even without
that distraction, but poetry is one of the worst activities to use to
prove it. Bah. My mistake, sorry.
On top of that, I think Andy made the mistake to stick to that one
word to ignore everything else and continuing to go metaphysical.
Speaking of "current context", yes, there certainly are social models
that are wholly alternative to this one. However:
reducing any discussion and decision on copyright to how well
musicians and bohemien poets may or may not live well if it were
completely abolished is a sure sign of superficiality. Copyright
covers much, much more than music and poems.
complete abolition of copyright _would_ reduce production of many good
and socially useful works, even if music, poetry and other sectors of
literature would be little affected. Whereas the reformed copyright
that I suggest would BOTH maintain affordable for individuals (NOT
corporations!!!) to make a living by limited control over their works
without real harm to society as today, AND leave free everybody who
prefers other ways to release with CC license or straight in the
public domain.
Remember, by doing as I suggest public domain would be a MUCH bigger
corpus of works than it is with a 70+ years copyright duration. There
would be much, much less to fight over. Just think if all textbooks
published 10+ years ago were in the public domain. The cost of
textbooks in education is a problem not because copyright exists, but
only because almost ALL textbooks are STILL under copyright
protection, not just the newest one.
So, in the "current context", complete copyright abolition _would_
damage both some individuals and society as a whole, because they
wouldn't produce and publish as much as today. Doing as I suggest
would NOT hurt (except at the principles level) abolitionists,
education, the common good, individual freedom to live premodern and
so on, but would keep the incentives for those other people to publish
as much good stuff as possible. This thought alone is enough to make
me think that reform is way, way better than abolition, both in theory
and in practice, in the "current context".
As far as other contexts go, I invite to be concrete, not mix problems
and establish priorities. If I had basic income, personally I would
still think that complete copyright abolition would be wrong, but at
least I could afford it, as the practical effects on my capability to
get food, clothes and shelter would be immensely reduced.
But I'm sure that if basic income must be established to create a new
context it is because that new context is better than the current one
in GENERAL, for EVERYBODY. Not because in such a context a FEW
individuals like poets and software experts could produce poetry or
tutorials all day long for free and still get food and shelter.
Another common fallacy I notice (not in you!!!) is the belief that if
one defends reformed copyright it is only because they want to become
the next pop star billionaire. I'm not "accumulation oriented". I'm
talking of paying normal households bills every month, not of buying
some 50-bedroom mansions with butler and 5000 acres private park.
Sure, I and some other billion people must struggle to do that because
the system is wrong etc. etc. but that's another issue. What I suggest
is to just defer any proposal or fight for complete copyright
abolition (no matter how noble and theoretically sound it feels) to
the day AFTER basic income has been guaranteed or a whole lot of other
things have been changed.
               Marco
The Online Loser Guide, 2010 edition:

@_date: 2010-02-04 16:13:22
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I hope this is a compliment :-) In general, it's less hidden to myself
than it showed in this thread. Or so I hope.
Yes, this was clear, no problem!
No, sorry, you got confused here, or did not read carefully my first
message, just check the archives. I did NOT say that copyright is
needed for schoolteachers, lecturers etc... What I said is
Way # 1: if there is copyright, I can (as one of many scenarios) write
independently full time, and make a living selling books, articles to
magazines, banner space on his own website etc... because if others
want to read that stuff they only find it in the books or on that one
website (where, please note, it can be accessible for free to
Way  if you abolish copyright, I just quit all that activity without
throwing a tantrum and go doing private lessons, or teaching, say,
Linux administration for private organizations or inside corporations.
Offer of long term teaching posts in normal schools and universities
is basically zero these days, at least in Italy and other parts of
Europe, but all the other activities I just mentioned are (relatively
speaking) in much better shape. To the point that I would almost
surely make more money in this Way  without any need for copyright
than in Way  (which I enjoy much more, but NOT to the point to
starve for it).
So who loses by going Way  is only society. Personally, I'd make
more money in Way  in the long run, but wouldn't have time left to
write stuff that would be available to everybody online for free. It's
as simple as that. Once you enter that circuit you can't do it one or
two weeks a month if you want to maintain it running. And maybe in the
evening I would be sick enough to teach ICT to not write good software
tutorials as I know I can (I'd have already paid the bills, remember),
but horrendous poetry instead.
In practice, what happens is a balance between   and other
things, including lecturing, where I would not expect nor require to
retain "all rights reserved" on what I produce. As long as practicable I do not have to compromise (too much) with "the system",
that is I must not sign long term contracts with some institution
where life may turn into daily brain damage. Been there done that, by
the way. In other word, copyright gives me the possibility to benefit
as many people as possible with my work AND to have much more
**personal** freedom, without damaging society. Freedom, not luxury.
Kill copyright instead of reforming it, and you'll leave many more
individual "non-artist" _authors_ than you imagine (not corporations)
with many less alternatives than they have today to be socially useful
individuals. In the current context, at least.

@_date: 2010-02-04 18:13:04
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I am not missing this point. I have simply, deliberately limited
myself in this thread to one single aspect among the many covered:
explaining why I am convinced that abolishing vs reforming copyright
before changing the whole social system would make more harm than
good. I haven't even opened the other messages in this thread yet,
just to not lose focus.
or maybe it just says that I do live a very intense life, just not
centered (restricted) around my current or other potential line of
work, that is that I don't let my work possess me, even if I enjoy it
and think it could help a tiny bit to make the world a better
place. There are plenty of things in my life that are as much or more
important for me than what we've discussed here, but are all things
that I simply have nor time nor, very frankly, any need to discuss in
any public online forum.
Alterations that require changing one's line of work are worth
throwing a tantrum only if you have nothing else in your life but work
_or_ they radically alter what you really care about _outside_ work.
Please note that "damage to society" is exactly what almost all total
abolitionists always call the current copyright, so (even if I can't
exclude there are other reasons, of course) using that term may also
be a simple natural reaction to their practice, or a mere
communication strategy: if you want to quickly explain something to
somebody, don't digress _and_ use their default language, even if
theoretically it isn't the best possible one.

@_date: 2010-02-05 09:37:56
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
"Reproducing" as in "making a copy" for themselve or "reproducing" as
in copying the same content somewhere else online? There is quite a

@_date: 2010-02-05 09:52:06
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
On Thu, Feb 04, 2010 15:40:41 PM -0600, Kevin Carson
Very good point, but relax, I NEVER wanted to say anything of the
sort, nor do I think it. That sentence of mine above fully justifies
your reaction. Sorry, my mistake, it's been a long week. Here is what
I do think and what I would have written if I had re-read that message
of mine before sending it:
"I do certain things only if I know in advance that, IN CASE it does
(not "could"!!!)  generate some money in the first N years (where N
should be much, much less than it is today), that money comes to ME,
that is to the person who did spend his own time to do that thing, and
that I can stop others who didn't make any effort at all from taking a
part of that money".
I have nothing at all against the fact that if something I do to make
money turns out as intrinsically uncapable to generate at least as
much money as I spent during the days I did it, I've wasted my time
and that's it, nobody else should be blamed. That's exactly the risk
I'm already, willingly taking these days with some of my activities.
   Marco

@_date: 2010-02-05 10:35:51
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
The current 75+ duration of copyright, as well the _amount_ of things
it allows the creators to control, is an abomination, no question
about that. But (if you accept copyright, of course, but please let's
give it for granted for this post only, to explain the following
point) the fact that it automatically exists is a blessing, it would
be an abomination to do the contrary.
To use a buzzword, is as anti-web-2.0 as it can be. Think to all the
fuss about EVERYBODY being finally empowered by the net to be a
producer, or just to express himself..
Are you seriously saying that an individual should register with some
central office any SINGLE blog post or picture he publishes to be
entitled to copyright? Do you want to generate ANOTHER sets of huge
central public offices very expensive to maintain, just to shuffle
paperwork around, or, much worse, a set of bureaucratic procedures
that would quickly be made so complicated and expensive that only
corporations would be able to claim copyright? Look at the current
status of patents.
"Copyright is intrinsically bad" is another question, but as long as
it exists it's much, much better to have automatic acknowledgment.
No, this is ONLY the result of the excessive length of copyright. The
truth is that if copyright had never been no more than 10 or even 20
years, 90% at least of that sea of orphan content would be a sea of
public domain stuff that everybody could use as they please, without
asking any permission.
Almost all the actual damage caused by current copyright legislation
is simply a direct or indirect consequence of the current
_duration_. Cut that down and, while the philosofical difference
between advocates and attackers of copyright will still remain, there
will be way less practical damages to argue about.
     Marco

@_date: 2010-02-05 19:23:01
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I think you're quite underestimating this one issue. Just think to
textbooks. In that field, having the last 75 years of production
potentially all locked by copyright is just as bad as if copyright
were eternal.
If copyright today lasted 10 years, it would still be possible to
build a complete, decent textbooks corpus for electronic or software
engineering ONLY with 10+ years old titles in the public domain. You
wouldn't study the state of the art, but you'd still learn enough to
justify your effort.
It is simply impossible to do the same thing using only 75+ old
titles, and it will be just as impossible in 2100, 2200 etc.. And this
is just the first example who came in 10 seconds to my mind because I
happen to have studied in those field and (among other things) I
happen to be teaching these days. I'm sure that people with different
backgrounds could give just as many equally valid examples
In the field of music, theather and similar, what you're saying also
means that in any moment people should either limit themselves to
listen/play songs and comedies of at least three generations before or
pay some perfect nobody to have the right to play what his/her
_parents_ or grandparents did before he was born...
For the record, 2/3 years ago in Italy there was a complain from
theather companies because some legal trick I don't remember now
forced on them some 10 years more of paying royalties to the
grand-grandnephews of Luigi Pirandello (1867-1936 I mean, 1936 for
heaven's sake!!! see
for biography) for the privilege of playing his comedies
    Marco

@_date: 2010-02-05 19:59:31
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Too bad, because it's a very, very very practical difference. The
second kind of "reproduction" damages people who publish stuff freely
available online but partially or exclusively do it for profit
(banners, requests for donations...)
Since when I've started writing, I've got lots of "thanks, I learned a
lot from your explanations, they saved me a lot of time" for stuff I
had ONLY written because I needed the money promised by some editor
(who did it only because he could get at least some limited rights on
that stuff or because I hope that it will produce money over time with
banners and similar. almost all that stuff also went (almost)
immediately online, where was and still is available for free to
whoever needs it. Yeah, sure "somebody else would have written the
same thing sooner or later, etc etc" but why should you limit such an
extra stimulus when it does benefit others and does not create any
measurable damage?
In the same years, I've also found online, several times, integral
copies of both of those articles and of stuff I had directly released
under some CC license, on websites that had littered them with much
more advertising that you'd find (WHEN you'd find it) at the original
link. Integral copies (normally without my name or a link to the
original article) made days, weeks, maximum 2 months after original
publication, put on websites made only of thousands of pieces equally
copied and equally overfilled with banners.
So don't talk of cultural damage, artificial scarcity to extract rent
or anything like that. The content already was and is available for
free, full version. Those people did not create derived works,
translations, increase access to knowledge or anything of the
sort. They did not do any work at all, except setting up the server
and some robot to copy the articles, and they only did for their own
personal profit. They only diminished the amount of money generated by
the total, ACTUALLY HAPPENING web traffic (not projections!!!) that
went to who had worked to create that content.
To stress the correction I made in another message after your fully
justified critique, please note the "ACTUALLY HAPPENING" part. I am
not saying that I am or should be entitled to money only because I
write something. I am only saying that if what I write is judged by
others good enough to read it and this generates money, that money
should go to me, not others. Until copyright expires, of course, and
remember that I *am* for greatly reducing it. That's all the
"guarantee" I need to produce some of the things I write. Other works,
yes, I just write and publish them under CC, but only after I've paid
the bills.
As for those webmasters... people like those should be kicked from
here to the moon. And the first who should want to kick them should be
the advocates of open, accessible knowledge. THey destroy the
incentive for others to publish stuff online accessible to everybody.
I am very happy that there is a copyright law that gives holders the
right to demand and obtain that such leeches take the copies
offline. I or the editors I work(ed) for have already used several
times this protection to have those copies removed, and I will
continue to do it when needed.

@_date: 2010-02-10 10:20:00
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Reviewers wanted for Open Government book 
this book will be on the bookshelf next march:
and I just got this request from the editor, please pass it around:
If anybody is interested, just send me your data off list and I'll
forward it to O'Reilly (I'm not saying "directly send your data to..."
for the simple reason that O'Reilly itself asked us to do it this
way,see above)

@_date: 2010-02-10 12:08:16
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I share (no pun intended) your concern, however I feel that the
position above is another hint that many analyses and proposals in
this field are weak and potentially counterproductive because they
come from a restricted vision.
First a general comment: I stepped into this thread only to discuss
copyright, not IP, and for now I'll stick to that. The impact of
patents, trademark and other stuff on the livelyhood of poor people is
really serious, I agree, but I'll stick to copyright.
Secondly, it is not correct to call "sharing" what I have attacked in
detail in my previous posts. If an author publishes something online
for free, without registrations or other barriers like proprietary
formats etc.. it's already shared. Integral copies of that work
anywhere else online are simply useless from that point of view
because they don't add anything to that sharing. They are not sharing,
because there was nothing more to share than what the author are
already done.
Sure, wee could maybe talk about derived works or translations, or
even offline distribution (eg printouts or CDs to folks without
connectivity) but I feel it would just add to confusion to do it
before these points are clear. Why go into details until we aren't
sure that we are using the right words at the basic level? See also my
answer to Kevin.
I think we should separate attribution and (as long as we need it to
pay the bills) money. Maybe attribution should be preserved by law
forever, unless the author says otherwise. For historical accuracy, if
nothing else?
When it comes to money, my position is what I already said: first,
make copyright last much, much less than today, and when stuff goes
into public domain that's it. Before expiration, if and when the
author doesn't want money, OK. Otherwise, the law should support the
author in this, in two parallel ways:
1) Do not tolerate J.K. Rowling style control tantrums, that is
   redefine fair use, format shifting, etc... in the interest of end
   users.
2) but also abolish the distinction between commercial and
   non-commercial in all cases where they hurt the authors. If I spend
   6 weeks writing a tutorial and put it online for free to get some
   money through banners, requests for donations and what not and you
   publish a complete copy on your site, it makes no difference
   whether YOU make money out of your copy or not. Even if you keep
   attribution, link to the original article etc... people who will
   read the whole thing on your site won't come to mine and read the
   banner, the request for donation or whatever it is. So you would
   indeed damage me even if you never wanted to make a penny out of
   your copy. Again, for no benefit whatever to society, because the
   whole tutorial was already available to everybody.

@_date: 2010-02-10 12:38:32
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I have two answers:
1) Why make of such models the ONLY alternative left even in cases
   when (cfr what I already described several times in this thread)
   maintaining a reformed copyright gives more incentive to produce
   without any actual damage to society?
2) The error, no, the risk in those models is to give for granted than
   everybody always has the time to do both, in all fields. I have no
   problem with "making money off of scarce goods associated with
   content": I can move full time to private lessons, write theses,
   and many other things all based on "selling" my limited time to
   SELECTED individuals and if I did it full time I'd make more money
   than now. Leave me that as the only source of income and when I'm
   done I'll take a walk, enjoy my family etc... instead of publishing
   online for free. It's as simple as that.
Please do not use "rent" even when it has nothing to do with the
matter at hand. I feel it as another proof that most thinking about
copyright is limited, if not actually harmed, by considering only
music and movies.
If I publish something online for free counting on banners, paypal
buttons and similar I'm like a street musician who makes NO objections
if somebody records the performance with their cameras for personal
use, but just puts his hat on the ground to collect offers from people
passing by who FREELY decide to contribute.
The only difference is that the musician is only seen by whoever is
there in that moment (so there would be something gained by society by
publishing a recording online) whereas something directly published
online is ALREADY available to everybody (there's nothing left
unshared, cfr my answer to Michel)
I see nothing like "rent" in this scenario. In that context, placing
an integral copy somewhere else online it's exactly as:
- placing _your_ hat over mine to intercept some of that money (if you
  do it for profit)
- partially covering the hat (ie making it more difficult to throw
  coins into it) with a shirt with your name, just to show everybody
  that you were there.
Try to do any of those two things to a street musician and then try to
convince him (or anybody else) that he's wrong to get angry.

@_date: 2010-02-10 12:44:24
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
NO!!! Please use the right words. You are wrong to only use one word
for different activities. It's REPUBLISHING I object to. I never said
that I should get money if people make a copy of a web page I write
for themselves, nor I think it.
    Marco

@_date: 2010-02-10 23:30:34
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
On Wed, Feb 10, 2010 15:20:45 PM -0600, Kevin Carson
Republishing is one use of duplication
I'm in favor of state restrictions on a few uses of duplication, one
being republishing integral copies of material already freely
available online to everybody, unless the author explicitly decides
Of course I'm in favor of that. That's what I've been saying for one

@_date: 2010-02-11 00:13:11
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Every now and then, I do quickly check online if there are copies of
something I wrote.  So far, every time I found copies, I or the editor
were able to have them canceled. Not by going to court, mind you. We
just asked. The fact that it is a violation of copyright of course
helped to get their attention. Without copyright it would have been
surely more difficult.
I know perfectly that it would be impossible to have 100% success on
this, but that's OK. It's much better than no protection at all.
This said, if I had unlimited resources I would not set up advertising
campaigns to convince people that copying is some crime against
humanity. I would set up advertising campaigns to convince people that
in some cases it's just plain dumb and unglamorous (kind of like
smoking in a small closed room filled with children) and even
counterproductive. Downloading music and movies 24/7 as if there were
no tomorrow is what gives things like ACTA many more chances to
If people had been smart enough 10 years ago (and if intellectuals had
thought a bit more about this) to buy, share and download only stuff
that was really necessary and urgent (think textbooks) or at least out
of print, for just a few months, we wouldn't have to worry about ACTA
today. See This said, what upsets me the most is that there is almost no
awareness of the sides of the issue I have presented here these days.
and while I'm obviously happy that you agree that what I describe is a
problem, and that you're not opposed to recource... in general, I'm
more concerned about the fact that there is almost no acknowledgement
and diffusion of these concepts than of how difficult recource is.
Oh, and by the way your work on the P2P wiki and blog is COMPLETELY
different from the kind of leeching I have attacked in this
thread. Please note I have only and constantly spoken of integral
copies, sometimes even without attribution. You or anybody else are
always very welcome to excerpt and comment and link as you please, as
far as I'm concerned. I never said the contrary and I wouldn't
consider smart anybody who objected to such activities, for the same
reasons you described.

@_date: 2010-02-11 00:38:32
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
On Wed, Feb 10, 2010 15:19:05 PM -0600, Kevin Carson
I know. I have been reading these business models for years, thanks.
Of course I would adopt them if I went doing private teaching
etc... full time. My point is simply that in the second case I would
publish online much, much, much less.
The maximum amount of stuff an individual can produce is limited. If
you allow unhautorized distribution in cases like the one I've already
described 6/7 times, all you get is to remove an incentive to make all
or almost all of that stuff available for everybody.
and frankly now I see even less of a connection with the specific
cases I've mentioned all the week, than when I wrote "please do not
use rent". Why don't we restart from the street musician analogy I
proposed in another message? Thanks.

@_date: 2010-02-11 08:33:42
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I don't remember if I already said this, but the part that worries me
the most is that after one week explaining why (regardless of how
wrong or pointless my _conclusions_ are) your analyses are at least
not complete because copyright is about much more than movies and
albums and , all I get is answers about movies and albums:
But ok, no problem as far as I am concerned. However, just because
something isn't enforceable it doesn't mean it is ALWAYS,
intrinsically wrong. And I am still convinced that ACTA and friends
are really favored by endless discourses of this kind:

@_date: 2010-02-11 08:44:01
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Right. The real difference only comes when answering to this question:
"is limiting (even at the legal level) the practicable solutions to
those ones that are based etc... always a gain for society? And how
valid are answers to this question that only come from looking at live
performing arts?"

@_date: 2010-02-11 08:57:11
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Whatever. Call it as you prefer if this makes the discussion faster,
but it still has positive effects in real cases that most analyses simply
can you please point in the archives to the message where **I** made
such a claim as the one you write?
I love medieval cathedrals, but I still prefer very much a system
where individuals have more opportunities to make a living _without_
directly pleasing, and depending on the local King, Cardinal, Duke or
any other central ruler. Even if the example was relevant, since
cathedrals are material productst that can only be built by many
people working together for a long time. They are even more remote
from the case I submitted than performing arts or poetry.

@_date: 2010-02-11 15:33:29
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Reviewers wanted for Open Government book 
I've just forwarded to the editor all the answers I got from this and
other lists, in the order I got them. Now it's up to the editors, I
have no idea myself how they will choose.
Thanks to all who answered, it's great to see so much interest in a
project who also includes one's contribution.
Risks for Italian Public Education in Government/Microsoft deal:

@_date: 2010-02-11 15:42:18
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
thanks for this:
and for this:
Yes, I do think you over-reacted here. I said "an", not "all",
probably "one of the" would have been more correct language-wise, but
certainly I didn't say or think "all the incentives".
All I meant, and confirm, that this is what indeed happens in many
**individual cases**. Of course, on a large scale there will always be
some production. If you remove that incentive it is sure that:
- some people will simply start doing something else
- they won't have time, energy, interest left to keep publishing for free
- in many "non-artistic" fields it is also sure that some of them will
  be those who would have published excellent works available to
  everybody otherwise.

@_date: 2010-02-21 09:45:40
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: on the importance of personal servers for 
What Downes says above is the same thing I explained here last year in
the whole "p2p email" thread which starts here:
but you should read it all. Anyway, here's a summary:
- cloud services as offered today (including Gmail, Google Wave/buzz,
  Twitter, Facebook, YouTube...) are bad (engineering-wise) and the
  opposite of P2P/empowerment/democracy... because they (re)introduce
  and make even look trendy and cool centralized points of technical
  failure and political/economical control. See gmail outages, Google
  shutting down musical blogs some days ago, Berlusconi's Mediaset
  demanding that YouTube removes all clips of their reality shows,
  Iran tracking or blocking dissidents via Twitter...
- what Downes calls "personal technology" is already here TODAY. You
  could either invent futuristic solutions and try to make the huge
  effort they need to happen asap (which is where I and M. Fawzi
  diverged in that thread), OR get today 99% of that, ie solve almost
  completely the problem described in my paragraph above if you have:
  	    1) a few euros per month

@_date: 2010-02-21 19:29:39
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
Right, running a server at home with vanilla, unreliable hardware is a
no-no. But Virtual Private Servers as those already available by
normal ISPs are the solution to that. Because an ISP can also be a
local, community owned ISP, that is somebody you can control a bit
more than some multinational with datacenters in another continent.
The only problem today is that most VPS offers are sized for big
websites, not for this kind of needs.
Right again, but:
1) creating a decent, graphical, integrated interface to manage, say,
   a personal server for blogging+email+chat+calendaring 100% built
   with Free SW already existing today is much simpler than it
   seems. If it hasn't happened yet is only because the companies
   running reliable datacenters (including the small ones, who would
   benefit the most from such a shift) don't get enough demand for
   this from single citizens.
1) the "common man" must grow up. With great power comes great
   responsibility, says Spiderman. If you want freedom and all what is
   behind "personal servers" you MUST take control, and deal with
   something that cannot be as "plug&play" as Gmail, Facebook or
   Flickr are today. A really "personal" server can and should become
   much simpler than it is today, but cannot be as simple to have as
   those other services. It's impossible. Those other services are so
   simple only because somebody there thinks and worries for you in
   exchange for your personal data, while keeping complete freedom to
   delete your data and files, or to put you offline "just because"

@_date: 2010-02-21 21:22:26
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What should a Community do with Profit? (was: 
Unfortunately, I have no *direct* experience of any such ISP, so I
can't help you when it comes to price/cost details, but they do exist.
Two I have met online are Ninux, see and the Catalonia WCN linked from that article. More exactly, Ninux is
still in the amateur/hacking phase, but WCN is already a reality, so
you should contact them directly to see *if* and how they fit with
your definition of community owned, and how their costs work.
Maybe I must introduce a bit of terminology here, in order to
answer. A professional, reliable datacenter is a big, big room with
state of the art air conditioning, redundant power supply and internet
backbone connections, fire alarm... and 24/7 onsite professionals to
keep it running, replace faulty hw components asap etc... Inside those
big rooms there are tenths or hundreds of racks, each carrying tenths
of special computers. "special" means "made with higher quality parts,
and shaped to be packed as densely as possible".
A Virtual Private Server (VPS) is a virtual computer, that is a purely
software environment remotely accessible, which "looks" and works like
a normal computer. Companies set up a datacenter as above, then
partition each of the physical microprocessors in those special
computers to work as N different, totally independent VPSs and then
"rent" each of them to a different customer. The customer can run
inside the VPS any software he or she wants, including web servers,
email servers, whatever.
A VPS can certainly be "community owned", and so can a datacenter. The
problem today is that there is little or no demand for "community
owned" datacenters aimed just to provide VPSs for "personal server"
usage, at least not enough to make them economically affordable.
I am not sure if I answered your question, but I hope what I wrote
will be helpful to ask more specific answers :-)
Yes, I think, but the real question is "why"? First you should define
exactly what you mean by "cloud", next which communities really need a
"cloud" and why, why is a "cloud" better than a "not-cloud"
this is a general question, which has nothing to do with clouds and
which I'm not qualified to answer, I think. I suggest that you simply
ignore it in the context of this thread. The point here is *if* you
need a cloud in the first place, then *if* you really need it *if* you can build or buy
your very own one.
     Marco

@_date: 2010-02-21 22:08:32
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What should a Community do with Profit? (was: 
I answered to Patrick trying to stick to the original question, that
is "personal servers". Speaking of servers means speaking of
"datacenters" and of course "datacenters" may be anything from a
closet to a big structure as I described. In any case, I sticked to
that, ignoring on purpose the last mile and backbone connectivity
issues. I agree with most of what you said about infrastructure, but
that's a different issue wrt the original topic.
For example, I say this:
to point out that this is what you need to keep a *server* up and
running. What you answered:
is true, but is a whole other issue (network uptime and performance vs
reliability and uptime of the single server). Even if I agreed that
carrier quality systems are an overkill for _connectivity_, I would
still want my actual server to run carrier-quality hardware.
My reason for a virtual server is high energy efficiency and
reliability at a much, much lower price than I would have to pay to
get the same quality of service with a home box. Again, regardless of
the nature of the network connecting it to everything else.
the services we're discussing here require no VPN. This said, of
course it's marketing, but there's no demand for it yet, since most
people are so enamored with the "cloud".

@_date: 2010-01-12 11:18:45
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OSS did not create any substantial number of 
For the record, the URL where Gehrard actually makes those claims is this:
I am sending this email also in BCC (so he isn't swamped by replies,
unless he _wants_ to receive them), to a friend of mine, Roberto
Galoppini ( who studies just these
things. If he's interested, he may write about Gerhard claims on his
Personally, I must say that:
- Gerhard is right to claim that patent *investigation* (that is,
  checking that what you want to do doesn't infringe on any patent) is
  not an amateur job. Using an expired patent "as is" is not an issue,
  patents expire just to allow anybody to use the patented idea. But
  modifying something expired and still be sure you're not exposing
  yourself to legal troubles... good luck.
- while I have NO real data to back this up, just a feeling, I would
  not be so surprised if really "OSS did not create a substantial
  number of jobs". What OSS can do is to _move_ those jobs from under
  control of a big corporation (the control granted by software
  patents and proprietary licenses) to whoever can and wants to do
  them, wherever they live. But if there is not much work to do
  anyway, as is the case in this period...
  	     Marco

@_date: 2010-01-25 22:55:40
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Corporations should not be people 
some months ago, I asked on this list opinions about the Program on
corporations, law & democracy ( whose basic assumption
is that many problems of the current system stem only from the fact
that "corporations have the same rights as people, even if they are
ubiquitous, immortal and much more rich than any single human being"
Some time later Michel had even asked or sent (I don't remember well,
sorry) me questions and links on the same topic, but it came in a
moment when I was too swamped with other things. However, I discovered
by pure chance that, just today, D. Blankenhorn has re-explained quite
well (IMHO) the same concept in a short piece, so here it is:
Feedback is very welcome, of course.
(1) This is, IIRC, the link I had given back then:

@_date: 2010-07-22 21:26:31
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
_if_ you feel like it, may I ask you to elaborate (separately?) on the
last two sentences above? I understand (I think) everything else you
said, but the part above makes me real curious.

@_date: 2010-06-02 11:28:49
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Data, 
EU local administrations
This is a research project I started this month:
feedback is welcome, of course! Please forward this announcement as
much as you see fit.
Michel, if you want I can post the whole announcement on the P2P blog
too (I'll also publish the other stuff you asked for, as soon as I get
this started :-( )

@_date: 2010-06-04 19:08:09
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Data, 
EU local administrations
done, both on Ning and on the P2P blog.

@_date: 2010-03-27 01:27:53
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Collaborative textbook writing experiment in italian 
See Please spread the word as you see fit that the principal is inviting
other italian schools to join (see article) and generally welcomes
every tip, link or other relevant resource. If you want to write to
them (their email address is fermimn, at, ferm.mn.it) to send
suggestions, feel free to put me in CC, so I'll help with translations
in case there is any language-related  problem.

@_date: 2010-05-07 17:16:26
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Open Digital Standards Matter in Government 
I've finally managed to put online the essay I wrote on this topic for
the O'Reilly Open Government book:
Feeback is very welcome, of course.

@_date: 2010-05-09 20:22:24
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Open Digital Standards Matter in Government 
No problem. Right now I'm still stuck with an article I should have
finished last Friday, but tomorrow I'll do both the post on water
privatization in Italy and this one. Promised :-)

@_date: 2010-05-12 12:28:08
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] social networks with privacy 
1) I'm happy this is happening. This Facebook behavior and Ning
canceling free networks fully confirm lots of things I'd been thinking
for many, many months and that I already touched here in all the "why
use Gmail if it is so not-p2p" threads... what if Google was the next
after Ning and Facebook to go too rogue or greedy? did any of you
 guys think about this already? I am trying to reorder for
publication lots of notes on this I've taken in the last year, I'll
post the URL as soon as I can find the time to do it.
2) There is a good "facebook page" about this, were I and others
started to discuss this days ago. Those of you who have Facebook
accounts can find the link on my wall, please have a look at it.
PS: I'm not offering (for now) to comment on it on the blog simply
because all the ramblings I mentioned above are more general than this
last change in Facebook and Diaspora.

@_date: 2010-05-16 19:03:56
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Sniffing WiFi - OpenSource P2P Solutions 
Of course it could have happened. Why not? What matters is what code
they *actually* ran on *their* cars. If they had released all the code
with a GPL license, somebody would have noted the bug and publicly
told Google, maybe also providing a patch, sure. Then what? They could
have very well said gee, thanks for telling us and thanks for the code
fix, and then continued to run the "buggy" version, if that's what
they wanted to do.
the *relevant* thing done without peer oversight here is driving the
cars around, not writing or debugging the software. It would have made
more of a difference if each car had also hosted an independent observer.
It's like e-voting: it's pointless to say "e-voting software can only
be open source" because what matters is only what code _actually_ runs
in each voting booth. And the only way to make sure that that code is
clean is to open the hardware and analyze the code there and then.

@_date: 2010-05-17 21:22:43
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
last february I had to leave this discussion about why and how
everybody should run his own email server hanging (*), due to lack of
On Mon, Feb 22, 2010 11:20:31 AM +0700, Michel Bauwens
there is an error in the assumption above. Running an email server
_does_ require proper *configuration*, sure. But to run an email
server you don't need to be a programmer, just like you don't need at
all to be a mechanic to drive a car, and for the same reasons. I run
my own email server and I didn't have to write, debug or compile one
line of code to do it. I have explained this in more detail at:
(*) the complete thread is here:

@_date: 2010-05-18 11:58:47
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
On Tue, May 18, 2010 16:41:23 PM +0700, Michel Bauwens
Thanks for the offer! I want to finish the "feature list" mentioned in
the second URL first. Besides, just yesterday, by pure coincidence, I
also had an email exchange with Moglen about the Freedom Box. This is
another "personal server technology", namely the "free as in freedom
hardware" on which Diaspora, the distributed social network software
( should run some day:
and in the mail exchange mentioned above I realized that what I call
VPES (Virtual Personal Email Server) really looks (IMO, of course)
like the email part of the Freedom Box. Because in spite of all the
hype around the Freedom Box and Diaspora (which are both great and
overdue ideas anyway!), regardless of how you physically implement it
a Freedom Box should contain much more than Diaspora to be really
If all the box offered was a privacy-respectful alternative to
Facebook or social networking in general, I and many others who, like
me, only use those services for work-related contacts and promotion
that should to be 100% public anyway wouldn't need it at all.
Once I've done that "feature list" I may write on the p2p blog a
synthesis of my other pieces and also develop this second point, that
is how all these things could work out together. Does that make sense?

@_date: 2010-05-18 19:29:57
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
first of all, if you decide to use the digest, it's better if you
change the subject to whatever you actually want to talk about when
you reply.  Messages with subject lines like "[p2p-research]
p2presearch Digest, Vol 31, Issue 35" are routinely canceled without
even opening them by many people. I opened this one by mistake.
so here's my reply:
I know this very well, since it's the same in Italy. But the problem I
mention in the 2nd link above has nothing to do with this and would
exist even if ISPs weren't allowed to impose those ToU.
Same for me. What made you think that this is the only way? I
explicitly wrote in the second post:
and running my email server in a professionally managed data-center,
with redundant backups, redundant internet connectivity, redundant
power and air conditioning etc... is exactly what I do, for the very
reason that you mention. I included "cheap home computer" in the
article because technically speaking is perfectly feasible (when the
ISP doesn't block some ports) and many folks only want to do it that
But the point of my article is to make people realize that they can
and should run their email server in the first place. To realize that,
people must overcome a huge psychological barrier, a much bigger issue
than "what is the optimal location of the CPU where this server should
So I'd rather not get sidetracked by that. Not here and now, at least:
I and another guy already discussed the "home pc vs datacenter" part
on this very list back in February, and the only result was to bore to
death everybody else.
      Marco

@_date: 2010-05-22 08:51:23
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Alert - hasslberger 
FWIW, this happens with my name too, just search in Google 'fioretti
site:p2pfoundation.net' (without quotes) and look at the 3rd, 5th, 8th
result. Couple of questions:
1) I know nothing of this particular attack: how it is called? What
   should I read to understand how it works and how to prevent it?
2) due to  I really can't help to _fix_ this, but if there is any
   "dumb data-gathering" I can do on my side, things like "please run
   this command or test on your PC and send us the result so we can
   investigate better", just ask.

@_date: 2010-05-24 12:36:10
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] personal server technology 
The "feature list" is now online at
Request: several members of this list are very heavy email users, but
no software geeks at all. Therefore, I would really appreciate your
feedback on this piece (here or privately, as you think best):
what is not clear in the description of the software bundle I call
VPES and of how you could configure/run your own?
what features did I miss?
I'll now prepare the post for the blog.

@_date: 2010-11-22 22:21:39
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than Free 
John Wilbanks of Creative Commons explains some of the reasons for
this (which was also a theme of the ICC in Berlin) at (copying Glynn Moody because this was also a theme of the workshop in
Berlin that he and Pat Mooney coordinated)

@_date: 2010-11-27 01:02:25
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] publishing wikipedia articles for money, 
This is not news, there was a practically identical story months ago, if not in 2009
(and obviously I can't find the link now :-( )
agree 100%. This is exactly the reason why it is good, as I explained
in a couple of threads here already, to have copyright. IF/WHEN an
author doesn't want to allow this exploiting (and I have nothing at
all against those who do it, I publish things with the same license
myself) because it would damage its ability to produce that or other
works, copyright gives a basis to stop these people.

@_date: 2010-10-18 08:26:11
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the use of an opt-out consent request 
the concrete difference is that the first alternative is not
"asking". It's taking decision for others.
Opt-out is "I have already done your thinking for you and concluded
that you will like this newsletter, please do the effort to tell me if
I was wrong"
Or at least this is the way it is considered by many people of all
sorts and why it rubs them the wrong way. I really think that the fact
that the person who complained also happens to be a free software
advocate is really just an irrelevant coincidence.
Probably calling opt-out always unethical is an exhageration, it's
just a sensible issue. It can be indeed be a courtesy if you are
_sure_ that the receiver is interested. I, for example, in this
particular case, AM happy that I had nothing else to do to receive the
newsletter. It's not a black or white issue.
You just can't be sure that it will always be that way, so you have to
be prepared both to the fact that there will surely be a few reactions
like that from **any** very large group of people you ask to opt-out
of anything; and that there will even be people who feel the same, but
instead of bothering to answer will simply mark your address as a spam
source and never see any more mail from you.

@_date: 2010-10-18 08:56:57
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the use of an opt-out consent request 
You're welcome. Only as future reference of general interest (because,
as I already said, personally I have nothing against opt-out in this
case!!!), I forgot to:
- add that opt-out has a very bad reputation (regardless of wether
*is* intrinsically right or wrong) simply because most people first
see it mentioned by spammers (as in "you are now subscribed to our
fake watches catalog, click here to opt-out")
- share a link that discusses in depth the risks of opt-out:

@_date: 2010-09-21 18:30:00
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paying attention: when a (kind of) hacker meets 
here's my report from the conference "Paying Attention: digital media
cultures and generational responsibilities" to which I, Michel and
Tiziana Terranova participated a couple weeks ago:
 a link to the slides of my talk is included in the URL above.

@_date: 2011-01-05 07:23:34
@_author: M. Fioretti 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Listmaster Announcement: NEW LIST 
the longer we wait, the greater the mess: MORE threads starting in one
place and going to another, double messages, replies from confused
people who missed the link to the new list but aren't seen by other
I suggest that the moderators do as soon as possible what follow:
1) send another message, just in case, to
   p2presearch at listcultures.org, reminding that this list will be
   shutdown NOW, if you want to remain subscribed go to the new page
   etc etc...
2) one second after that, do a subscriber "mass removal" as mentioned
   here
   so people who don't care will just stop getting messages. Those who
care but have missed 1) will get a bounce message the first time they
try to post to the old address and realize somehow that they need to
subscribe to the new if they want to keep going.
Marco F.
