
@_date: 2007-12-01 01:32:00
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] list admin settings 
actually, I can't find the setting that allows multiple cc addresses.  And in my years of list admin, I've never encountered a list like  this that wants to cc extensive fields.  a few is fine, but the auto  generator says 'excessive' cc addresses.
So, I wonder if people can just cut back on excessive cc lists.  I  have quite a few admin posts to deal with like this, and to be honest  it's a bit of a drag having to do more admin that is already the case  in the admin-manic university (which is one of the reasons I've quit  it's not so hard for posters to send 'excessive' cc posts in a  separate mail.
if some one else would prefer to take over list admin duties, that's  fine by me

@_date: 2007-11-21 23:45:50
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] welcome to p2p research list 
hi all, great to meet all of you who could make it to the p2p meeting  in nottingham.  and for those who couldn't make it - greetings.
you are all seasoned list-serv folks, I'm certain. nonetheless,  perhaps it is worth signaling the defaults of this mailing list:
- in most instances attachments will automatically be rejected due to  size (100kb limit)
- but please do not send attachments to the list: they will not be  registered in the archives, and they are a good way of spreading  potential viruses.
- so attachments - like the fantastic free beer that Athina kindly  passed around - are best mailed through the cc list.
- in other words: keep text plain/ascii.
You probably noticed a fairly generic summary of the list in the auto- generated welcome you received:
p2p research is a mailing list that investigates the political,  economic and social dimensions of peer-to-peer networks.
if anyone wants that changed, feel free to write a new line.
And if anyone would rather be taken off this list, just let me know  (or unsubscribe yourself). Or if you would rather not have more mail  dropping into your inbox, or filtered to whatever box, then you can  always select the option to receive no mail, but still be able to  post to the list, reading through an rss of the archive:
looking forward to seeing how this research group develops then,
Ned - with thanks to the Institute of Network Cultures for hosting  the list

@_date: 2007-11-22 00:24:26
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economic Options for Organizing Networks in Beijing 
[here is my paper from the workshop. It really is preliminary - a  working paper - with heaps of undeveloped points (particularly on  experimental economics - a lot more to say there) and many disjointed  paragraphs etc etc. so it goes. Ned]
The Political Economy of Peer Production
Workshop in Nottingham (UK), 15-16 November 2007
Ned Rossiter
?Economic Options for Organizing Networks in Beijing?
Notwithstanding the commercialisation of the net, the hierarchical  systems embedded in social-technical infrastructures and dynamics,  and the impact of national and surpranational government policy on  network cultures, to what extent can we really speak of a political  economy of peer-to-peer network practices? If political economy is  traditionally understood in terms of the role institutions and their  concomitant interests play in the structuring and regulation of  economic life, then what might it mean to transpose this axiom to the  culture of networks? How, in other words, might organized networks as  nascent institutional forms provide new insights into the political  economy of peer production? More specifically, how might the social- technical properties of organized networks situated within the urban  and political context of Beijing facilitate new models for  interventions in local, regional and transnational ?creative  economies?? What might such activity tell us about the geopolitical  variations of neoliberal capital? This paper outlines some  preliminary models of economic sustainability for the OrgNets  platform and considers the political implications for networks  cultures that take seriously the problematic of political economy.
It seems to me that a social economy preconditions the possibility of  a political economy of network cultures. Without a social economy,  there is no political economy. Indeed, in many instances the social  economy within p2p networks marginalises or displaces the operative  force of political economy. Open publishing and bit torrents of  pirate cinema, software and music are obvious examples that come to  mind. However, even in these instances of ostensibly ?free  culture? there lurks in the system a political economy, one that is  closely connected to infrastructure and info-governance. In a recent  dialogue with Paul Hartzog, Trebor Scholz frames this tension as  follows: ?the means of production are available to networked  publics; these tools and platforms are, however, owned by  corporations?.[1] Aside from the ever-present potential of unruly  workers, the trouble so often faced by the owners of infrastructure  is that they suffer from limited imagination. Without a few tinkerers  in the shop, capital is left without the invention of difference  necessary for its renewal. Thus a mutually parasitic relation exists  between owners and users of the means of production. As we know,  historically this relation is one of constant oscillation that  constitutes the force of hegemony. A central interest of this  workshop is to discern how this relation plays out in the p2p culture  of networks.
By way of addressing the question of political economy, I wish to  focus my talk on the social-technical aspects of an experiment in  transdisciplinary urban-media research in Beijing built around the  logic of networks. My interest is in the ways in which such social- technical endeavours in institution formation might operate as what  Fabian Muniesa and Michel Callon term ?economic experiments? that  shape the construction of markets. The communication of relations  between emergent institutional forms and their invention of markets  is underscored by the technics of mediation. Mediation, in turn, is  registed in the following key forms: systems of governance, rituals  and materialities of practice, discourses with uncertain borders and  technologies of collaborative constitution. The arrangement of these  elements produces new territories for potential exploitation by  capital. The political and economic challenge is to produce  interventions into markets that enable economic resources for  experiments in organizing networks and living wages for participants.  (Due to constraints of time I will not address typologies of  mediation in this talk.)
OrgNets in Beijing
 From May-July this year I coordinated a transciplinary research  platform that produced a counter-mapping of the creative industries  in Beijing.[2] In the first instance this project was financed  through parasitical means, with funds from the research centre that I  work in enabling participants from Europe, India, Australia and New  Zealand to collaborate with local researchers and media practioners  in Beijing. Such a model of financing research is a one-off, and self- generating means of funding are required in order to sustain this  platform as a partially autonomous research network.
By undertaking a collaborative anthropology of new institutional  forms ? what I term ?organized networks? ? this project is  interested in the transdisciplinary dimension of creative industries  in Beijing. The project is organized around six key vectors of research:
  migrant networks and service labour; network ecologies of creative  waste; informational geographies vs. creative clusters; centrality of  real-estate speculation for creative economies; import cultures and  export innovations in architecture and urban design; and artist  villages and market engineering. In migrating media education outside  of the university, the project recomposes media education as a  collaborative research process focussed on critique and analysis of  urban transformations and the politics of creative and service labour.
The project adopted the model of a mobile research laboratory as a  framework for collaborative research on the creative industries,  urban transformation and media practice in Beijing. As a laboratory  the OrgNets project was an assemblage of experimentation and testing,  one that will continue to develop throughout the next year. And as a  laboratory, the OrgNet project was excised or temporarily suspended  from the outside force of the real market. But the mobile and social  nature of OrgNets makes its borders porous. The distinction between  inside and outside is not fixed; borders are defined by the continuum  of change that comes into play with the addition or departure of  participants, the particularities of urban situations, the topics of  investigation and the institutions of temporary connection.
As an assemblage whose spatial and temporal coordinates undergo  constant transformation, the relation between inside and outside is  subject to processes of translation. It would be a mistake to think  the range of contingencies ? many of which may register  imperceptably on the action of networks ? can ever be brought under  control. But within the territory of the known, faintly perceived and  vaguely intuited, it is not unreasonable to suppose an economy is  possible for networks that, at this stage, are without money.
Given the transdisciplinary orientation of the OrgNets project, the  prevailing policy discourse of creative industries, the intense  economic and social changes underway in China and the exotic allure  the city as urban laboratory holds for intellectural tourists, the  expanding international market of education is an obvious economy  awaiting intervention by non-traditional ?providers?. In fact,  this is already the case for mainstream external providers. As an  outsourced form of education provision, OrgNets offer established  institutions of education and research the possibility of value- adding at a cost that is going to be cheaper than if these  institutions hired staff on full benefits whose capacity to invent is  rapidly dulled by the burden of bureacracy and audit cultures.
Experimental Economics and Evidence Machines
The field of experimental economics in its contemporary form emerged  out of game theory from the late 1940s and early 1950s. Francesco  Guala notes two distinct approaches within experimental economics ?  theory-testing and institution-building; the former tends toward  experiments in decision-making, the latter experiments in market  performativity.[3] Orthodox game theory combines or traverses these  two approaches, and plays the market as an institution whose  problematics are ?solved? by rational agents within controlled  laboratory settings.[4] But what happens in occasions of ?irrational  exuberance? that define bubble economies, as seen in real-estate  speculation, dotcom-mania or the caffeine induced palpitations of day  There is undoubtedly a logic at work in such instances, but it is not  one that conforms to rational intent. The logic of irrational  economics is one whose particularities are immanent to the  contingencies of the event. The experimental economics of game theory  attempt to overcome or at least minimise contingency by designing  markets in which the desired results come to fruition. The world is  their laboratory. The structural adjustment programs of the World  Bank and IMF are good examples of experimental economics in  operation. However, the desire to see the world in their own image is  the primary catalyst of failure for such models. Certainly, this  point is disputable; arguably the model of structural adjustment has  succeeded insofar as the World Bank and IMF agenda for countries in  Africa and South America to ?leapfrog modernity? in such a way  that bypasses European models of state formation into a neoliberal  paradigm of governmental dependency on outsourcing to private  providers has proven financially beneficial to foreign investors. But  such a view is limited in scope, to say the least. The production of  global poverty and massive disparities in wealth can hardly be rated  a success.
My proposal, then, is to see a project like OrgNets as a form of  experimental economics that are open to the contigencies of the event  and the social-technical and disciplinary dynamics of conflictual  constitution. Contigencies necessitate factoring in the elusive  dimension of experience. My interest is not to exploit economic or  social vulnerabilities, but rather to enhance capacities and address  trans-institutional economic realities and disciplinary foreclosure  brought about by intellectual property regimes, internal competition  and limits placed on research by the avalanche of adminstration.
The trick with a project like OrgNets is to treat it as a symbiotic  device that both facilitates the generation of concepts and affects  the allocation of economic resources. The latter may take the form of  direct funding, commissions, participant fees for summer schools, or  in-kind support by institutional partners ? e.g. office space, use  of equipment, personnel, etc. Of course any proposal to play the  neoliberal game of outsourcing education is going to meet the wrath  of some leftists and activists. But it is hypocritical to dish out  critique without offering alternatives for economic subsistence.
Muniesa and Callon refer to platforms (as distinct from laboratories  and in situ experiments): 'the platform is an intermediate  configuration, more open to compromises with several kinds of actors  than the laboratory' and refers to 'flexible organizational forms in  [sic] where surprise is more a resource than a problem' for  'strategic innovation'. OrgNets also share these features of a  platform ? flexibility, most certainly, but the element of surprise  is less clear for OrgNets. A genealogy of OrgNets would establish the  connection with tactical media, reknowned for its hit-and-run  approach to semiotic warfare. Where OrgNets corresponds with surprise  is perhaps most clear when OrgNets is brought in to relation with  established institutions of education and research, namely the  university, which is characterised by a transdisciplinary deficiency  and has a limited capacity of invention.
As a collaborative anthropology of new institutional forms, the  project investigates how the emergence of organized networks  illuminate some of the material qualities and tensions of creative  industries in Beijing. The project holds the precept that  transdisciplinary urban-media research is an autonomous expressive  capacity that subsists within a field of translocal and supranational  structural forces. This is not to suggest a form of structural  determination, but it is to recognise that tensions of a particular  order are inherent to media education that refuses the stagnant  methods and orthodox theoretical approaches that by and large  characterise the state of play, be that in Chinese universities or  the rest of the world.
The Neoliberal University
As government funding for higher education has diminished over the  past decade (or longer, in some national cases), universities have  found themselves increasingly positioned within a market economy.  This structural relation alone locates education as a commodity  object. Inevitably there will be barriers to access learning in such  instances. An alternative ? open access learning ? has great  merit, but there are some fundamental issues to do with cost of  delivery (labour, production, infrastructure, etc.) and technological  modes of communication that must be addressed. In building open  access repositories of research findings, this project investigates  the connection between peer-to-peer collaboration and new business  The glacial temporality of university curriculum development and  subjugation of teachers by the life-depleting demands of audit  cultures sets a challenge for media education programs that wish to  synchronise their curricula with the speed of popular media  literacies. To distinguish market and user hype from quality that  makes a substantive difference is near impossible. Consensus will not  be found beyond the fleeting moments of micro-adoption among A-list  bloggers and their links, or whatever other community of users you  care to name. Ratified standards for media education within the  cultures of networks do not exist.
As the university increasingly loses its monopoly on the provision of  knowledge as a result of neoliberal governance and the advent of peer- to-peer and user-producer media systems, media education is in crisis  mode. Best practice is frequently found outside of university degree  programs. Expertise has become distributed across a population of  practioners and everyday users. How, then, might such knowledge feed  back into university programs? Can formal accreditation for  autonomous education be extended to non-university actors? Are such  processes even desirable?
Crucial here are the different temporalities afforded by research  platforms positioned outside of the temporal order of the market and  its post-Fordist modality of just-in-time production, which  underscores the habitus of the university today. In a posting earlier  this year to the edu-factory mailing list ? an initiative by mostly  young activist researchers associated with Negri?s uni-nomadi (an  informal teaching program across a network of media and social  centres in Italy) ? Taiwan based academic Jon Solomon phrases the  predicament of time and the university as follows:
'The students have been so disempowered by the compulsory national  primary and secondary education system (which favors the production  of an elite) that when it comes to the university organization of  their own temporal rythms, they are completely passive in their forms  of resistance (and the faculty doesn't provide any relief or  alternative resources)'.[5]
How, then, to create different temporalities which enable process of  counter-subjectivisation? A number of core elements come into play in  the repositioning of research and teaching outside of the university.  And these, I would add, are not without precendents: think of the  mechanics institutes as sites of popular learning for the working  classes in the 19th century (albeit enframed by the morally uplifting  values of the middle-classes), adult education classes after the  second world war, the rise of alternative schooling movements such as  Montessori in the 60s and 70s, and so on and so forth.
My point is that counter-sites of learning at the current conjuncture  are imbued with qualities special to the social-technical dimension  of network cultures, and conditioned by the political economy of the  informational university.[6]
As a pilot study, the counter-mapping project in Beijing provides  inititial research data for future comparative research that examines  the inter-relations between geopolitics (regional trade agreements,  national and multi-lateral policies on labour mobility, security and  migration, etc.) and the peculiarities of intraregional, translocal  and global cultural flows within the creative industries. A  comparative focus on the creative industries enables new questions to  be asked about the mutually constitutive tensions between these  forces, practices, histories and policies.
The project establishes a prototype for new cross-cultural  educational and research institutions organised about the logic of  networks. As signalled in policy milestones such as the Bologna  Process (1999), scholarly monographs and OECD reports, the landscape  in higher education has been undergoing gradual, and in some  instances rapid, transformation toward a market model.
The Bologna Process is more complex than a simple transition toward a  market model, but its modularization of educational processes should  nonetheless be considered as a core dynamic of the contemporary  second wave of globalization (services economy). This dynamic is also  how educational changes intersect with the emergent economy of  culture after the first wave (trade) has been nearly completed, which  is why the Bologna Process holds important implications beyond the  realm of education.
The role of universities as exclusive providers of higher education  is changing as small and medium enterprises obtain government  accreditation for provision of ?educational services?. We are yet  to see organisations develop out of the field of network cultures as  providers of high quality research and teaching.
Collaborative practices within the creative industries and network  cultures are now well established as the primary mode of production  and communication. The business models which sustain the combination  of service labour and innovation as they are located on the margins  of industry are less understood. Primarily comprising of 'informal  economies' (symbolic, voluntary, word-of-mouth) and sustained  economically by various forms of financial support (parental, small  government funds such as the ?citizen wage? or grants,  associations with universities) and wealth generation (e.g. the 'long  tail'[7]), there is great scope for further development and  understanding of new business models.[8]
[1] [2] [3] See Francesco Guala, ?How to Do Things with Experimental  Economics?, in Donald MacKenzie, Fabian Muniesa and Lucia Siu (eds)  Do Economists Make Markets? On the Performativity of Economics,  Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2007, p. 131.
[4] Ibid., p. 145.
[5] Jon Solomon, ?Knowledege Conflicts, Self-Education and Common  Production?, posting to edu-factory mailing list, 22 April 2007,  [6] See, for example, the recent Summit: Non-Aligned Initiatives in  Education Culture, Berlin, 24-28 May, 2007, [7] Chris Anderson, 'The Long Tail', Wired 12.10 (2004), http:// [8] For a study of working conditions and experiences of new media  workers in Amsterdam, see Rosalind Gill, Technobohemians or the New  Cybertariat? New Media Work in Amsterdam a Decade after the Web,  Network Notebooks no. 1, Amsterdam: Institute of Network Cultures,  2007,

@_date: 2007-11-22 16:05:44
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Can Open Source Software Open Up Facebook? 
an OS FB would indeed be a good move. I am quite paranoid about FB  and rumours of data mining for intelligence agencies.  On the topic  of FB, here is another recent text - one that's been on the lists, so  apologies for the spamming - I won't be doing any more of it.  Ned
?YourSpace is MyTime, or, What is the Lurking Dog Going to Do ? Leave  a Comment??*
Ned Rossiter
You might know my second space, but do you know my first? Do I even  know? In this time of ubiquitous media, the territory of offline  existence is increasingly harder to define. These days you?ve made it  when you?re able to log off. Google narcissism services our curious  and always fragile egos, but after 50 pages the attraction has either  worn off, run out or turned into Japanese. Like Pavlov?s salivating  dog, we return a month later to the algorhythmic mirror to work out  what?s gone on in our life. Who?s listening, who?s reading, who?s  watching, who?s appraising, who?s attacking? Who knows and who cares?  Just feed me data.
In the society of voluntary exposure, practice has outstripped  pedagogy. Speed is the default of dissemination. And someone else is  making bucks out of your expenditure of energy. Success requires a re- engineering of time. In the competitive attention economy of creative  networks, cultural production becomes an art of lingering and  resonance. Zero comments are equivalent to the dead link.
MySpace and Facebook continue the social networking tradition of  compiling friends. But who are your enemies? What do friends mean for  collaborative constitution? What happens to the creative logic of  constitutive tension when all you have is endless affirmation? Maybe  you go on a demo for the palpable thrill of confrontation, but where,  really, is your enemy? Watching the replay three days later from a  hundred CCTV recordings that your income tax paid for. Therein lies  the auto-erotic drive of opposition. The imaginary reigns supreme.  And you pay for it.
What is the role of critique in this kind of environment? With the  Rise of the easyJet Class, some suggest that critique serves to  eradicate the possibility of hotbeds of creativity.[1] Like  politicians and mediocre consultants, critics contribute to the dirty  appeal of emergent ?creative cities?. Berlin is ?poor but sexy?,  claims the city mayor. Now that it can boast number one ranking  according to the Floridarian spin-index of ?3 T?s? ? Talent,  Technology and Tolerance ? Berlin is supposedly guaranteed of  development via its creative economy.[2] The message? Stay Poor and  Move East to Get Rich Fast.
And what happens then? Welcome to the Desert of a non-English Real.  Your networks develop within the ghetto of Euro-American exodus. Self- affirmation, but with a difference. Everything is fast, dust sticks,  lungs collapse but value is added in immaterial ways. Everyone awaits  the call of repatriation. It?s a gamble against time, and the updated  graduates of instituted creativity are stacking up fast. This sounds  like evolutionary economics all over again.
TV real-estate shows belt out the mantra ?Location, Location,  Location!? Tune in or give up. If you don?t have enough savings, then  take a mortgage out on life. It?ll only cost you. But seriously, how  and where do we locate ourselves in an era of rapidly diminishing  returns? We know that every act of consumption is one of ecological  destruction. Is the Slow Movement the only answer? Even that has  succumbed to a dependency on earnest consumption by the Enlightened  Middle Classes. Bring back the commons, we are told. But that only  welcomes proprietary control through the backdoor cult of  libertarianism. Free is only so good insofar as you?ve got a Second  Life of income generation on the side.
Writing in his twilight years of productivity ? the late 40s and  early 50s ? the Canadian political economist and communications  theorist Harold Innis discerned a ?bias of communication? operating  across the epochs of civilization. His novel insight was to connect  the materiality of communications media with time and space.  Examining the relation between the continuity of empires over time  and their extension across space, Innis concluded, in correct  negative fashion, that the history of mediated human life  demonstrated that it was always off-balance. ?Monopolies of  knowledge?, he argued, are shaped by the spatial and temporal  properties of technology.
The clay writing tablet in Ancient Babylonia endured over time,  whereas the invention of papyrus by Egyptians enabled easy  dissemination across space. The downfall of each of these empires was  a result, he argues, of their bias of communication. Time or space.  The secular technology of papyrus in Egypt marginalized a monarchy  whose control over time centred around the use of stone and  hieroglyphics. The Assyrians invaded Babylon due to their superior  technologies of speed: the stirrup, chariot and experiments in horse- breeding made possible the rapid transport of cavalry across space,  conquering the religious administration of Babylon. Without an  adequate military reserve, the bureaucratic apparatus of an alluvial  empire and its rule of law came tumbling down.
What lessons might we gain from the history of technology and  culture? Explicit in Innis? archaeology is an acknowledgment of the  relationship between media, culture and the enemy. The enemy is  revealed through the bias of communication. But how do we identify  the enemy in social networking technologies that have one option  only: links to our friends? In social networking sites such as  Facebook, the enemy is loaded into the space-time continuum: often  pictured but never present. Your friends make it impossible to avoid  enemies.  Indeed, they can only be your friends. The enemy is never a  guest blogger. Does the anonymous comment register the enemy voice,  or the friend passing as enemy? We never know. What is an enemy  without a face?
?I don?t waste time despising people?, writes American legal  philosopher Martha Nussbaum in The Guardian?s Weekend magazine.  ?Anger is much more constructive than contempt?.[3] Emotions are fine  so long as they can be made productive. Nussbaum?s protestant  instrumentalisation of affect holds similarities with Facebook. There  is no tragedy. There is no surprise. These are not options. The  limits of Facebook are revealed through the trope of irony. One of my  ?Very Conservative? friends with ?Serious? religious views, whose  Facebook face looks distinctly psychotic, discloses a failed romance  we never had. This bi-modal form of public outing as conservative and  gay within the closed circuit of friends might function as a minor  disruptive device. But this is hardly a case of conflictual  constitution. Instead, it gestures toward an uneven networked  sociality of knowledge and affective proximity.
Nothing of consequence is at stake. Potential conflict is subsumed  within the Facebook code of tolerance. The technics give you no other  choice. The logic of tolerance reaffirms a cool, liberal world-view.  Zizek is the exemplary embodiment of Facebook. His intolerance of  tolerance is another variation of the ironic trope. Fightclub 2.0.  And this is why nasty hate sites are so refreshing: their non-ironic  mode broadcasts intolerance right from the start.
?Tolerance is Suicide?, declares W.A.R. ? White Aryan Resistance.[4]  Yet hate sites in many ways are no different from their liberal  counter-parts of networked affirmation. In both cases the addressee  is always absent. They are never there, only you and your friends.  With their form of indirect address, the disruptive potential of  noise is rendered inoperable. There is no constitutive outside when  you are blasting out hate or confirming your friends. We are not  talking about cybernetics here. Nor, really, are we talking about  networks. It?s all about associative desires. And if you?re migrating  to Facebook from the proletarian parametres of MySpace, then you?re  displaying symptoms of the aspirational impulse.
If you?re in any doubt about these claims, then go visit a site  extolling the virtues of pet hate. Holy Shmoly!?s blog posts an entry  on ?8 reasons to hate cats?. With 355 comments, this rates as an A- list blog for sure. RICHSRD CAT HATER: ?CATS ARE SHIT!!!! THEY SHOULD  ALL DIE!!! SO SHOULD BIRDS?. some guy: ?cats have a use by date, just  like food?. Tim: ?I hate fucking cats. the only fun part about a cat  is blasting the hell out of it with a .22 rifle. the sons of a  bitches should all die. indpendant lil bastards, fuck them all!?  Jacky (smart scots girl): ?P.S. We eat cats in Scotland?. matt: ?How  do you make a cat go woof? Dowse it in gas and light a match?.[5]
Online, nobody knows the person you hate is actually a dog. [6]
This is where activist cartographies of media control come in handy.  The database technographies of Josh On?s ?They Rule? and Bureau  d??tudes? maps of the military-industrial complex combine political  economy with the aesthetics of design. At best, they conjure a  project of collaborative research that cuts through a particular  slice of time. As web 1.0 productions, these are not cultural  technologies of real-time. Both inform us of the relation between  institutional and individual interests. Combined assets are revealed.  But it is hard not to be seduced by the aesthetics of presentation in  both of these works. Part of their success derives from a recognition  factor. They Rule affirms our sense of how networks appear, but not  how they might change. And for all its amazing research, the  cartographies of Bureau d??tudes resemble the Paris, London or Berlin  metro systems, albeit in a Stalinesque aesthetic form.
As with many media of vision, what we find in both of these examples  is a bias toward space. Relations are mapped, but changes over time  are nowhere to be found. The advent of open and interactive databases  corrects this imbalance, to a certain extent. OpenStreetMap.org is a  good example.[7] Brought to my attention by the Ljubljanian free  software activist Luka Frelih, openstreetmap integrates GPS mapping  technologies with a non-proprietary value system. It invites a  collaborative platform for users to create an open version of  everyday orientation. Using handheld GPS data loggers as a system of  real-time updating of abstracted space, openstreetmap would seem to  deliver Innis? dream of social-technological balance: a technic of  communication predisposed to neither time nor space, but both,  simultaneously. In time, across space.
While it?s low on eye-candy, opensteetmap is a great example of  techno-sociality that is secondary to outcomes ? the generation of  maps ? but primary as a condition of possibility. First and foremost,  openstreetmap invokes the potentiality of communication as a mode of  collaborative constitution. For all the joy and narco-gratification  that attends social networking technologies such as MySpace, in the  first instance these are technologies of solitude. Don?t get me  wrong: I?m not a great fan of mingling with the masses. Despite the  pernicious dimensions of individualised sociality, there are few who  don?t find considerable relief when exiting the office.
What I?m suggesting, then, is that collaborative constitution is  necessarily an uncertain, unpredictable endeavour. It resists easy  formulation. Concepts are contextual. Experimentation is key, and  experience is crucial. Those who insist on predefined outcomes and  lists of deliverables will only be disappointed. But such agents of  administrative anxiety are essential for the collaborative  constitution of creativity. See these procedural types as conflict  generators that wish to police the borders of reason and the act of  action. Don?t be concerned about the registration of denial. The  negative affect will undoubtedly take hold and propel your  investigation in one direction or many.
But what to make of all of this? Don?t reply to that Urgent! Email.  Tell the boss to take a hike, and bend over instead for your buddy.  Maybe then you make your enemy. Excess is easy. ?Concrete research?  in order to create ?a strategy of the future? (Tronti) is not. Techno- cultures are delicate, that much is certain. Life, even more so.  There?s something to be said for religion. It rates as the most  successful institution in history. But let?s face it, true believers  are, quite literally, out of it. Our time requires substantial  readjustment. That much is clear. But where to turn? That, I submit,  is a question to you.
* This paper was presented at New Cultural Networks: You Google My  Second Space, Theater van't Woord, Openbare Bibliotheek Amsterdam,  Stifo at Sandberg Institute of Design, Amsterdam, 2 November 2007,   Thanks to Mieke Gerritzen  for the invitation and to Julian K?cklich for kicking in with some  [1] See Steffen B?hm, ?Re: [My-ci] Correction ? Berlin Tops Germany  for ?Creative Class??, posting to mycreativity mailing list, 18  October, 2007,  See also  Matteo Pasquinelli, ?Re: [My-ci] Berlin Tops Germany for ?Creative  Class??, posting to mycreativity mailing list, 15 October, 2007,  [2] ?Economic Prospects Report: Berlin Tops Germany for ?Creative  Class??, Spiegel International, 10 October, 2007, http:// [3] Martha Nussbaum, ?Q&A: Interview by Rosanna Greenstreet?, The  Guardian, 27 October, 2007,  [4] [5] [6] For those of you who really hate Facebook, then try out Arsebook  ? ?an anti-social utility that connects you with the people YOU  HATE?,  Thanks to Els Silvrants for the link.
[7]

@_date: 2007-11-24 18:59:57
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
it's great to see these developments racing ahead, but I think  there's something tragic about the funding legal fees in the first  instance. That's one of the reasons I'm not an advocate of CC - all  rounds eventually lead to the lawyer's bank account.
I like the idea of a LET's style in-kind contribution of skills/ capacities, and this is where the p2p network needs to expand to get  someone with some legal savvy on board. Andrew Kenyon at University  of Melbourne may be one such person (he's also familiar with US legal  systems, but if the US is going to be the primary legal code - which  makes some sense if p2p is going to register as a legal entity in the  US - then perhaps a friendly lawyer in the states is a better move. I  can contact Andrew if that's a good idea.
Also: I think an 'identity' and culture needs to be established in  order for people to have some kind of affective relation to this  network that translates into financial donations, subscriptions etc.   At least that's how I feel. Perhaps the p2p foundation provides that  identity, and  there are some on this list that have strong  connections with p2p foundation. but it's hardly universal, at least  as far as this network is concerned.
So I wonder if more work needs to be done to build up the network -  to see if it has any legs - before all the legal work and financial  expenditure is done.
I saw a recent example of the legal and funding frameworks being done  with an alternative network in Seoul. They had heaps of money and no  ideas.  In other words, they didn't know how to spend the money.  I  think there's a danger of going down a similar path with this  network.  But maybe I'm seeing this the wrong way - perhaps this  network is something that straps on to various existing projects.  After the nottingham meeting, though, I'm still unclear what those  are and what inter-connections exist.

@_date: 2007-11-25 16:02:40
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Social Publishing to P2P site 
George must have subscribed himself  - something anyone can do (or  unsubscribe) via the url at the bottom of all emails to the list:

@_date: 2007-11-29 23:11:16
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] list admin settings 
dear all
I'm getting a number of postings automatically bounce to the list  admin address (mine) because some of you are either:
- posting from an address you are not subscribed to the list with
- attachments are included in the post
- postings are more than the 100k setting (which is large for ascii/ plain text)
The reasons for these standard/automated list settings were outlined  in my first post, abbreviated below:
you are all seasoned list-serv folks, I'm certain. nonetheless,
perhaps it is worth signaling the defaults of this mailing list:
- in most instances attachments will automatically be rejected due to
size (100kb limit)
- but please do not send attachments to the list: they will not be
registered in the archives, and they are a good way of spreading
potential viruses.
- so attachments - like the fantastic free beer that Athina kindly
passed around - are best mailed through the cc list.
- in other words: keep text plain/ascii.
So please take note of them (the reasons are valid in my view), and  if you have attachments, then send via the cc. list of emails.

@_date: 2007-11-30 07:22:53
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] list admin settings 
hi Michel - yes, that's another reason; the rest are also in play.
I'll reconfigure the cc list setting - the reason it defaults to that  is to discourage list spamming I guess (which also happens  - I'm  guilty of it too!)

@_date: 2007-11-30 07:24:09
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p conference hull 
most of the time attachments can be saved  (even cut/paste, depending  on your mail settings) as ascii/plain text

@_date: 2008-02-03 12:35:39
@_author: Ned Rossiter 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer governance and democracy, request to Ned 
hi Michel, thanks for this.
As I note in my response to Daren's review, another challenge for  network governance is scale. And for massive projects/platforms like  wikipedia et al (and, let's face it, much of what the net tends to  do), there are always going to be those dysfunctional dimensions that  you refer to vis-a-vis platform owners vs. users.  I don't think  those tensions can ever be 'solved'.  But users can harass owners.  This worked to an extent with ICANN, facebook, etc.  What the history  of the net has shown again and again is that when enough users get  fed up they move on.  And that's where of course developers/ programmers are so important.
So what happens when people with an interest in governance don't have  the skills/time/interest to be programmers? Well, I guess that's  where they/we either develop basic skills and/or engage in the type  of lobbying with owners. In the case of the latter, a  representational structure creeps in and consequently structures the  mode of communication. And as you note, frustrations very quickly  arise.  It's no wonder that the net is so often presupposed as  inherently 'democratic' because of the way so many communicative  relations online reproduce the structural dynamics of 'democracy'.  But most thinking of net democracy still assumes a form of democracy  that reproduces the tropes of liberal democracy and the state form  (e.g. the residue of the citizen-subject is carried over to the net,  which I think is a big mistake).
The very existence of owners/sysops indicates the non-participatory  (or at least closed circle) dimension of networks. There is  frequently very little communication/participation between admins and  users.  And most are fine with this relation. Who wants to clear our  spam every day on a mailing list for example, or attend to the  numerous admin requests to process postings from non-subscribers  (which this list still has a strangely high amount of)?
The other obvious thing to note is that the culture of governance  varies considerably across widely adopted applications. Geert Lovink  documents this well in his analysis of mailing list cultures. This  points to the fact that a universal model of network governance will  never exist.
Personally, I'd be interested to read about how free labour in mmog's  might be thought of in terms of governance, and how such relations  and modes of production might hold the potential for political  organization.  And I'm interested in anthropologies on the governance  of small-scale projects - partly because such work can enable an  immanent relation and thus analysis of the practice of building  networks & concepts (i.e. network governance, in other words).
Another reason analyses of network governance are important is  because they reveal the limits or borders of networks. The conflicts  that arise within and across networks helps us understand the 'the  political' of networks and their geocultural dimensions.
