
@_date: 2008-11-18 04:49:06
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: thanks to Michel Bauwman 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
k, Nicholas, we should stay in touch
perhaps you could subscribe to: "Peer-To-Peer Research List" <
p2presearch at listcultures.org>,  ?
On Sat, Nov 15, 2008 at 6:01 PM, Nicholas Roberts <

@_date: 2009-01-05 23:09:01
@_author: nicholas@themediasociety.org 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
I must say, I find the fact that something as fundamental as the money
system so open to interpretation really very vexing
It seems to me, that it would be very useful for many people, of these
murky details where exposed to the light of public scrutiny
how can we have democratic control of finance, industry etc if we dont
have a simple, commonly understood money system ?
thanks to all that replied at length, I will read, watch etc the
material and come back to the lists soon

@_date: 2009-01-05 23:28:42
@_author: nicholas@themediasociety.org 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
I do understand that money is created by private loans... but there is
also money made by nation states...
by definiton, the money that is lost in a transaction goes to the
winning party in that transaction... so, who is the winning party ? is
it legitamte that the won that moeny ? if not, lets get it back
my feeling is that the bubbles, booms and busts are used by the super
rich to enrich themselves by their rich deputies by exploiting
everyone else
that the money lost, makes its way to the super rich, is taken out of
public companies and exchanges, and ends up in the shadow and private
banking systems... in tax havens, private accounts etc
the money is transferred, and is accumulated
therefore, it can be found, and redistributed
I wonder whether the equivalent to the stock exchanges in the shadow
banking world are growing, while the public exchanges are shrinking

@_date: 2009-01-06 08:50:22
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
it seems to me that for some folks, they win, even when they lose... do you
think the super rich are losing more, proportionally, than the poor... I
doubt it... indeed for many, its an opportunity..
I wonder whether the bank accounts in tax havens have gotten bigger or
smaller in proportion to the losses in the more public and accountable
balance sheets

@_date: 2009-01-06 18:00:11
@_author: nicholas@themediasociety.org 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
yeah I agree that 'super rich' is not a monolithic or totalistic conspiracy
I am over-generalising a complex of formal and informal institutions
with all sorts of internal contradictions
however, the range of explainations I have received on this set of
fundamental questions is beyond puzzling... its very disturbing....

@_date: 2009-01-06 20:25:16
@_author: nicholas@themediasociety.org 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Transition movement for finance 
I agree with your sentiments Marc...
how bad does it need get before we actually get really serious about
the activism around the money system, about democratisation of
finance... the key to democratisation of our economy generally
the next big financial bubble coming down the geopolitical pipe are
not exactly trivial; carbon trading schemes, and ecosystems
services... the finance houses and big corporates, along with Al Gore
created these new markets, and the next boom and bubble is talked
about being greenhouse gas trading,... next it will be further
privatisation and financialisation of ecosystem services
we need an Inconvenient Truth for money and finance.. a Tranasition
Town movement for democratisation of finance... a James Hansen for
financialisation of crabon trading, ecosystem services
when these markets fail, we will lose more than money that doesnt exist...
for change we really can believe in *cough, splutter" we neead
education, organisation and activism
how can we have education when its so hard to explain ? we need
something highly credible, NOT Zeitgeist - even if its correct, by
default many folks wont believe it, An Inconvenient Truth is still
panned by the far right and other hard core denialists

@_date: 2009-01-06 20:39:16
@_author: nicholas@themediasociety.org 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
cheers marc..
check out  - the US branch of a global
grass roots peak oil / climate change transition movement exploding in
the US, AUs, UK right now ---- just about exploding as a mainstream
process,.,. inspired by Permaculture education in the UK
I wonder if Peak Debt could be folded into the Transition Towns
*local, state, national" movements ? but what would the Peak Debt
movement say ? how do we reform money ....
local currencies ? what else ?
dont we need to also challenge and dismantle such systems as the Fed,
corporate finance, finance capitalism, financialisation etc etc
or is simply creating a transition movement to an alternative system enough ?
as michel says, this is researchable

@_date: 2009-01-06 22:38:09
@_author: nicholas@themediasociety.org 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Transition movement for finance 
I'd be interested to work on this social currency project...
with an eye towards the permaculture, transition, global justice and
other sustainability movements
Peak Debt could be added to the pattern language of those movements
alongside Peak Oil, Climate Change etc
also, the energy social currency that you are working on might also be
possibly linked to some long running alternative currency schemes as
LETS or WWOOFing which is popular in the permaculture and other
David Holmgren, a co-founder of permaculture based much of his work on
on the energy work of Odum..

@_date: 2009-01-13 14:54:05
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] media ecology die-off 
have posted below about the media ecology die-off... what we will be left
with, like in finance, will be a few very large corporations, almost nothing
in between, and many, many tiny micro media enterprises
advertisers will have increased power in this new media landscape, with
increased product placements and effect over programming... the public
relations industry will become even more of a dominant force
How's this for a doom-laden sentence from the website *24/7 Wall
No one working in the media industry will ever have seen a year as bad as
2009 will be.
The article goes on to list the 12 major media brands likely to close this
year. Here's a list of some of the iconic publications that are already on
the block, looking shaky or need to seriously downsize as they continue to
haemorrhage advertising:
   - *The Seattle Post-Intelligencer *
   - *Rocky Mountain News *
   - *Playboy *
   - *The New York Observer *
   - *Rolling Stone *
   - *The San Francisco Chronicle *
   - *Entertainment Weekly *
So what about back home? One glance at yesterday's ANZ job figures suggests
the media, across the spectrum, is in for a very rough year. Last month's
count of newspaper ads was down 52% compared with the same month in 2007;
internet ads were down 28%. Newspaper job ad growth was the weakest it had
been since December 1982, including the 1991 recession, and internet job ads
suffered their biggest fall since the survey began in 1998. 2009's
unprecedented challenges will require media companies to break the mould,
get creative, share content and embrace innovation just to stay afloat.
If you work in media, or consume media, or care about media, you should
buckle up your seatbelts real tight. There has never been a ride like the
one that has just started.

@_date: 2009-01-15 18:43:37
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
thanks everyone for the detailed answers
most of the technical explainations are way beyond my current
understanding - lots of homework there
but a big part of the answer to the original question was answered by
some articles such as;
I wish there where more accessible dissident economists - again, no
doubt researchable
Close tax havens and make super-rich pay for the crunch, says UK's biggest union
The Financial Crisis of 2008
Interviewed by Simone Bruno
October 13, 2008 By Noam Chomsky

@_date: 2009-01-15 19:39:13
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
Tax Havens: Hidden hand in the financial crisis
ANP: A look at how offshore financing helped to enable the economic meltdown

@_date: 2009-07-23 17:19:13
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 21, Issue 78 
I guess the Open Farm Tech guys have been posted before;
Open Source Ecology is a movement dedicated to the collaborative
development of tools for replicable, open source, modern off-grid
"resilient communities." By using permaculture and digital fabrication
together to provide for basic needs and open source methodology to
allow low cost replication of the entire operation, we hope to empower
anyone who desires to move beyond the struggle for survival and
"evolve to freedom."
By our analysis, most of the technologies needed for a sustainable and
pleasant standard of living could be reduced to the cost of scrap
metal + labor. There is immense potential for social transformation
once this technology is fully developed for building interconnected
self-sufficient communities, since people will be freed from material
constraints and able to seek self-actualization.
We understand that this is an ambitious task, but we have accomplished
much and are making rapid progress. Factor e Farm is the land-based
facility where we are putting this theory into practice. Our means of
achieving these goals are meticulously detailed in the "Resilient
Community Construction Set" (formerly known as the GVCS) and the OSE

@_date: 2010-08-04 05:27:55
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Permaculture TV - NEW VIDEOS: Pathways to 
Permaculture TV - NEW VIDEOS: Pathways to Sustainable Self
NEW VIDEOS: Pathways to Sustainable Self
Posted: 01 Aug 2010 03:39 AM PDT
*Gavin Raiders describes the Planting
Justiceproject, videos now uploaded of
to Sustainable Self
Detroit USSF2010 workshop*
This workshop outlines a vision for a democratic, worker-owned, advanced
industrial ecology society. We seek pathways to provide the burgeoning food
education/justice movement with the tools to become economically
sustainable, and to link the emerging green industrial worker cooperatives
with them into sovereign networks. Once active, such networks can become the
basis for sustainable, socially just communities that revitalize locales via
open source sustainable agriculture and manufacturing methods. Our panel ?
with academic, commercial, and school of hard knocks experience ? will frame
the demonstrated solutions, numerous pieces of the puzzle that we as a
society need to put together.
*Click here to view the embedded
*Click here to view the embedded
*Click here to view the embedded
*Click here to view the embedded
*Click here to view the embedded
*Click here to view the embedded
*Click here to view the embedded
   You are subscribed to email updates from Permaculture TV free video
cooperative To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe
. Email delivery powered by Google  Google Inc., 20 West Kinzie, Chicago IL
USA 60610

@_date: 2010-08-04 22:35:16
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Case for economic democracy and against human 
hey michel
we've experimented with some video of Mike's Abolish Human Rentals/Worker
Cooperative Credit Union (intersection)
guess you and mike could could up a decent post, or perhaps a series

@_date: 2010-08-13 11:49:46
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] creative financing of worker cooperatives by Chris 
A presentation by Chris Michael of Workers Development in the City of New
York  on direct public
 for worker-cooperatives at the US Worker Coop Conference

@_date: 2010-08-14 10:16:42
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Fwd=3A_Permaculture_TV_-_Chris_Mi?= 
Permaculture TV - Chris Michael ? Workers Development for New York
Chris Michael ? Workers Development for New York
Posted: 13 Aug 2010 11:24 AM PDT
A presentation by Chris Michael of Workers Development in the City of New
York  on direct public
worker-cooperatives at the US
Worker Coop Conference
Filmed by Patrick O?Connor of Oakland Sol  for
Permaculture.coop *Click here to view the embedded
Workers Development in the City of New York is a for-profit business aimed
at the development of worker cooperative businesses in the New York City
metropolitan area. Our business structure is also organized as a worker
cooperative. Presently, we are at work on our first worker cooperative
restaurant. Visit workersdiner.org for more information.
*Creative Financing for Your Worker Cooperative
*Jenny Kassan, Katovich Law Group and Sustainable Economies Law Center;
Chris Michael, Workers Development; Christina Jennings, NCDF; Mike Leung,
Worker Cooperative Credit Union
This panel will cover the legal framework for the financing of worker
cooperatives and provide examples of creative financing techniques including
the creation of a credit union to help finance worker cooperatives and
conducting a direct public stock offering to non-members.
Source: usworker.coop
   You are subscribed to email updates from Permaculture TV free video
cooperative To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe
. Email delivery powered by Google  Google Inc., 20 West Kinzie, Chicago IL
USA 60610

@_date: 2010-08-16 23:15:11
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Uninomade, Crisis in the Global Economy 
Uninomade, Crisis in the Global Economy
March 1, 2010 ? Post a
*[image: uninomade-semiotexte]Andrea Fumagalli & Sandro Mezzadra
(eds), **Crisis
in the Global Economy: Financial Markets, Social Struggles, and New
Political Scenarios, postface by Antonio Negri, translated by Jason Francis
McGimsey (New York: Semiotexte, 2010). *
ISBN 9781584350873
This volume is the result of a collective reflection developed in the
UniNomade network in the months immediately following the first signals of
the current financial and economic crisis. The contributions of Chicchi, Di
Stefano, Fumagalli, Lucarelli, Marazzi, Paulr?, Roth, Terranova and
Vercellone constitute the first organic and interdisciplinary attempt to
analyze a crisis that is not merely financial in nature but which regards
globalization and neoliberal capitalism as we have know them until now. It
is a totally new kind of crisis different from the ones we have seen over
the last 25 years because it is a systemic crisis that goes beyond the
financial sector revealing the ineffectiveness of the extraordinary economic
measures that have been actuated over the past few months by single
nation-states. Thus it is a financial crisis that immediately effects the
so-called ?real economy? and that demonstrates how financialization is
nothing other than one of the most recent and perverse articulations of
capitalist command. These contributions, of a high scientific and political
character, communicate the urgency of not only identifying new economic and
political categories able to interpret the contemporary forms of
capitalistic power but, above all, they stimulate us to elaborate radically
positive exit strategies from this crisis towards a new horizon of
constructing the common.
*Table of Contents*
Introduction - *Sandro Mezzadra*
   - The Violence of Financial Capitalism - *Christian Marazzi*
   - The Global Economic Crisis and Socioeconomic Governance - *Andrea
   Fumagalli*
   - The Crisis of the Law of Value and the Becoming-Rent of Profit - *Carlo
   Vercellone*
   - Financialization as Biopower - *Stefano Lucarelli*
   - On the Threshold of Capital, at the Thresholds of the Common - *Federico
   Chicchi*
   - New Economy, Financialization and Social Production in the Web
2.0 - *Tiziana
   Terranova*
   - Cognitive Capitalism and the Financialization of Economic Sysyems
- *Bernard
   Paulr?*
   - Global Crisis ? Global Proletarianization ? Counter-perspectives - *Karl
   Heinz Roth*
   - *Nothing Will Ever Be The Same - UniNomade*
Postface: A Reflection on Income in the ?Great Crisis? of 2007 and Beyond -
*Toni Negri*

@_date: 2010-08-23 11:51:28
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Case for economic democracy and against human 
hey mike, all
I wonder if you might be able to make an info-graphic that conveys this ?
maybe compare the concept of inalieable rights that people are familiar with
i.e. negative punitive, contractual in one column with the positive case in
another ? a simple table...
is there a historical photo or image that symbolisises this ? something in
the news that can conceptually provide a bridge ?
anyway... I would find that useful...

@_date: 2010-01-12 15:30:55
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mondragon Permaculture and Mondragon Official Oral 
hi p2p crew
While researching a *Permaculture Cooperative*
[video ] in the summer of 2009 we
visited* Mondragon Cooperative* [video]
[photos ]
and enjoyed a day-tour of the cooperative, which included a factory tour and
a lunch, history and business workshop. This video presentation includes an
oral history from the days of the founder Don Jos? Mar?a Arizmendiarrieta as
the oldest farmers son and revolutionary journalist to the modern
cooperative. Photos of the cooperative headquarters, the historical museum
and the town of Arrasate.
Nicholas Roberts & Kirstie Stramler
Permaculture Cooperative
skype permaculturecoop
email permaculturecoop at gmail.com
plans video

@_date: 2010-01-21 22:39:15
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The open-source hydrogen car set to change the 
The open-source hydrogen car set to change the industry
Alex McDonald
20th January, 2010
Cars are evil, right? But what if they ran on hydrogen, did 300 miles per
gallon, were leased rather than owned, and were produced under an open
source business model...
We have often been introduced to the car of
but one company has now created a car with the future in mind. But it is
about far more than just a car, it?s about a business model that is
challenging the very architecture of the auto industry.
Riversimple?s  network electric car is a
hydrogen fuel cell powered car, with unique technologies that enable it to
run on a 6kW fuel cell, with a fuel consumption equivalent to 300 miles per
gallon and greenhouse gas emissions at 30g per km, well-to-wheel - less than
a third of that from the most efficient petrol-engine cars currently
It also has the potential to be 10 times cleaner still if the hydrogen is
produced from renewable energy.
*Open source*
But what is extraordinary about Riversimple is that their business model is
trying to move away from the current auto industry practice that has left us
with the inefficient, one-size-fits-all car.
The first departure from the conventional business plan is that the designs
of the car will be released under an open
sourcelicence. This allows
people to freely build on ideas and designs, speeding
up innovation and enabling technologies to be quickly improved, meeting the
needs of people rather than markets.
'There is such a yawning gap between the environmental performance of cars
and what is sustainable, that I don?t believe a purely competitive world can
ever get us there,' says Hugo Spowers, the brains behind Riversimple.
'[open source] really does produce this constant and very rapid drive toward
absolute excellence, which I think is needed in the current circumstances. I
have precious little faith in regulation ever pushing us in that direction.'
*Shared learning*
To aid the development of the open source hardware community, Riversimple
has set up the 40 Fires Foundation, an open-source hardware group that
anyone can join to share expertise and develop technologies.
Before any official launch, the foundation has already registered over 300
people with expertise in various areas, showing the huge potential for an
open-source technology community.
And this potential can be far reaching:
'Open source allows [developing] countries to build their own technological
capacity without having to be liable for any cash fees to the first world,'
says Spowers. The foundation can also take briefs from other countries,
adapting technologies as required.
*Small-scale production*
Complementing the open source philosophy, the manufacturing requirements of
the car mean that the size of production plant will be greatly scaled down.
The low component count of the cars and their carbon composite bodies, means
that smaller plants will be needed. Riversimple expect one plant to
manufacture around 5,000 cars a year, unlike the production of the
conventional pressed steel bodies, where a factory will spit out about
300,000 a year of the same model - necessary for the economies of scale.
'When you are doing it at that scale,' says Spowers, 'the breakeven volume
at which a model becomes commercially viable is 100 times lower. So you can
genuinely build cars that suit people's needs, rather than the opposite
extreme which is the lunacy of the "world car".'
As a result, the industry can become more distributed: it will be possible
to have smaller plants in different places, making different models that are
more suitable for different geographies or cultural needs.
*Cars will not be sold*
Another significant departure from the conventional business model is that
the cars will be leased, not sold. The leasing will include the maintenance
of the car, the fuel and the recycling of the car at the end of its life.
The idea behind leasing the cars is primarily to bring the incentive of
making the cars more sustainable in their production, maintenance and use,
back to the manufacturer.
'There?s no driver for resource efficiency if we sell the car,' says
Spowers. 'If we sell the cars? we have a direct incentive to sell as many
cars as possible, so there?s absolutely no commercial sense to build in
longevity, low running cost or fuel efficiency ? the opposite in fact.'
In providing the opportunity to produce niche specific cars, Riversimple
will also be paving the way for a wider cultural shift in car use. The
leasing of the cars will undermine the 'commodity value' of the car, leaving
drivers only with the use value of the car and, as designs develop and
specialised cars are produced, people will - in theory - lease the right car
for the right job, rather than the right car for their image.
*Car clubs*
With this in mind, Riversimple expects car clubs to be major customers.
'Car clubs tease apart the functionality of cars,' says Spowers.
For most people, he says, '95 per cent of their [car] requirements will be
covered by a certain set of needs, but they buy a car to meet 100 per cent
of their needs, and that?s dictated by the last 5 per cent. If 95 per cent
of their requirements is on their own, commuting a 20 mile distance and then
every couple of weeks they?ll go away with the family, they?ll buy an estate
car for that one journey every couple of weeks. ?
'If you have car clubs ? and they really have mushroomed recently ? it means
that people can buy the car for 95 per cent of their needs and rely on the
car club for the 5 per cent. I think that is a really crucial element in
moving towards much more niche, specific, appropriate vehicles for
appropriate uses.'
Riversimple cars are expected to be on trial in the UK from 2012. Around 50
cars will be leased in one or two cities, supported by the local authority.
Several local authorities have expressed interest including Oxford and
*Hydrogen fuel*
One of the major challenges for the Riversimple concept is getting the
hydrogen to the cars. In partnership with BOC and participating Local
Authorities, Riversimple hopes to overcome this by starting small and
building the infrastructure as demand grows.
Hydrogen refuelling stations will be built in the participating cities, and,
as the cars and their hybrids become more popular, the network will build
and eventually become extensive enough to support intercity travel.
The efficiency of the Riversimple car is expected to make the transportation
of enough hydrogen to fuel stations feasible.
Spowers himself conveys an infectious sense of urgency.
'There?s a window of opportunity of about ten years in which I think we?ve
got a chance of establishing this,' he says. 'In about 10 years time, people
will have a steel bodied fuel cell car with probably a 60 KW fuel cell
system in a commercially viable, ordinary five-seater family car.
'The problem with that is that it will require about four times as much fuel
than a car built on the principles we are advocating. And once fuel cell
cars are available in the conventional steel bodied platform, then it will
be very much harder to ever go back and re-address the fundamental
architecture. I don?t think you?ll be able to do it.'
If the opportunity is missed, says Spowers, cars will be made for the mass
market, people will depend on one-size-fits-all and innovation will remain

@_date: 2010-07-29 20:53:44
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Red Ink 
Red Ink - The Idea
To create a web based platform for users of personal finance software, like
Mint, Wesabe, Expensify, Yodlee, and others to share bits of their financial
transactions in order to support a larger good. There is a wealth of
important financial data buried in communities. For the first time, it is
possible for communities to share this information amongst themselves. This
data could be used to support initiatives like carbon footprint reduction,
local consumption, green consumption, investigative journalism, and seeing
oneself in relation to the group / larger whole.
To-date, the collection and analysis of consumer data has been the exclusive
domain of corporations and governments. However, these entities rarely have
consumer interests in mind when exploiting this private data for personal
gain. Noticeably, personal, political, social, and community groups are
disenfranchised from accessing consumer data, though in their hands its
analysis would doubtlessly result in more interesting ideas than marketing
schemes and private business development. Ironically, community focused
organizations are perhaps in the best position to connect with large
constituencies willing to share bits of their data in order to support
causes they believe in.

@_date: 2010-11-08 23:36:01
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: some starting points - to Permaculture 
hi all
The basic idea is to have regular meetups hosted at various
stakeholder locations, working toward hosting a Permaculture
Unconference in the Bay Area early in Spring 2011.
The tentative theme is Liberation Industrial Permaculture which would be a
synthesis of
Grassroots organising, Worker-cooperatives, Open source appropriate
technology, Commons-based peer production. An emphasis on Pathways to
Sustainable Self-Governance i.e. Worker-cooperatives, Green union
jobs, Small-business, Community led development etc
Permaculture Unconference BLOG
Permaculture Unconference Bay Area 2011
Permaculture Unconference Google Group
Concept: Horizontal Transfer from Oakland to Richmond
Transfer horizontally knowledge, tools, techniques, projects,
patterns, pathways between Oakland's vibrant sustainability,
permaculture, transition scene and Richmond. Richmond and Oakland act
as two centers of the Permaculture Unconference pattern. Create a
generative sequence of events, projects, people, movements, ideas
between Oakland as sponsor and Richmond as host. Oakland is more
advanced in many ways in terms of density of projects and people, so a
horizontal transfer of memes or culture between Oakland and Richmond
could help both places enormously. Other regions within the Bay Area
obviously are invited and encouraged, but they are channeled firstly
into participating in the first two days in Oakland and then a day in
Possible Format
4 days: Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday
DAY 1 Friday. Oakland, Industry Day: practioners day, invitees and
registered users, permaculture unconference, permaculture tech swap
DAY 2 Saturday, Oakland, Public Day: open-public unconference,
permaculture bike tours, open house/gardens, permaculture market /
swap meet
DAY 3 Sunday, Richmond, Action Day: permaculture unconference,
permaculture blitzes, permaculture site installations, public planting
days and education sessions
DAY 4 Monday, Richmond, Industry Debrief Day: permaculture
unconference de-brief, documentation, archive, NEXT STEPS
Bay Area Permaculture News Map
Pathways to Sustainable Self-Governance
vision for a democratic, worker-owned, advanced industrial ecology
society. We seek pathways to provide the burgeoning food education/
justice movement with the tools to become economically sustainable,
and to link the emerging green industrial worker cooperatives with
them into sovereign networks. Once active, such networks can become
the basis for sustainable, socially just communities that revitalize
locales via open source sustainable agriculture and manufacturing
methods. Our panel -- with academic, commercial, and school of hard
knocks experience -- will frame the demonstrated solutions, numerous
pieces of the puzzle that we as a society need to put together.

@_date: 2010-09-06 19:19:08
@_author: Nicholas Roberts 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Empoering the Empowered or Public Data for Everyone 
How Open Data is Used Against the
By Marshall Kirkpatrick
 / September 6, 2010 4:07 PM / 3
[image: michaelgurstein%20]Open data is all the rage these days, but is
simply opening up aggregate public information for outside analysis enough
to change the world for the better? A new article by Mike Gurstein, Editor
of the influential Journal of Community Informatics ,
argues that open data may merely make the rich richer and the poor poorer,
unless the "open access" paradigm is extended with what he calls "effective
Here at ReadWriteWeb, we often write about the potential for innovation
created by aggregate online and public data. Leading technology publisher
Tim O'Reilly is a big, open data proponent as well (his newest conference is
 all about big data ), but he called
Gurstein's article a "sobering account of how open data is used against the
poor..." "We need to think deeply about the future," O'Reilly
 this afternoon.
Here's a long excerpt from Gurstein's post, Open Data: Empowering the
Empowered or Effective Data Use for
