
@_date: 2008-08-24 18:03:34
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barriers to post-industrial transition 
Interesting  (both the call and the conversation) - where can I read this
2008/8/24 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-04-27 23:48:46
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd:  THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM 
This topic really interests me - but as a non-academic I'm not considering
attending and I don't submit papers to journals because papers get peer
reviewed and my writing is too journalistic  - I only describe what I have
observed in practice and thought about, and I don't  relate it to adademic
research. This is because, as a practitioner, I don't know enough (if
anything) about relevant academic research.
I wonder if anyone will be going? I wonder how this looks from the academic
side of the fence. I would be interested in contributing to this is there
was an appropriate way to do so.
sector has pointers for where higher education may go in future. I think
that what post-graduate level independent, self-directed, learners are doing
(online, outside of universities, to continue their learning) may have some
relevance to universities.
I have the impression there is a move towards self direction in some
university courses. For example in some situations students are able to
include self directed work (events they have attended, additional things
they have read or followed up in some way) in their online portfolios of
work (presumably this influences how their work is judged in some way). I
think of two presentations I've heard at different events in London recently
which were relevant to this trend. (Philip Butler for instance is doing
interesting work related to this in his work using Moodle, also someone else
- probably at CDE London - is doing work with music students which includes
capturing many different aspects of the music itself and the student's work
related to it.)
I know that when I was studying with the OU there was great freedom to
create your own personal, very individual, degree course. The courses that
made up the degree could be selected from various faculties, as long as you
were progressing appropriately in your level of study and you judged that
you had the necessary knowledge and skills to tackle the course you had
chosen. This opportunity to choose meant there could be a unique and useful
relationship between formal OU courses (studied  in your "spare time") and
what you had already learned (and were continuing to learn) in your parallel
life in the "real world" of "the university of life" and full-time work.
I think there is already much more flexibility, such as credit transfers,
than when I was back in the sixth-form discovering what universities offered
( and failing to go to one). I hope there will be increasing flexibility in
future university courses, with many more degrees offering the variety I
enjoyed through my OU studies (perhaps this already happens).
I also wonder about the role of universities in accrediting people at the
end of their studies. I think people want accreditataion normally in order
to enter the full-time employment market. I think (in some areas of work,
especially those that relate to information) we are moving away from
full-time permanent jobs towards a more independent, dynamic approach to
earning a living. I think it will become  less usual to have a full-time
permanent job and more usual to have short term collaborative work (with
individual people often having a portfolio of projects they are working on,
perhaps in a number of different collaborative teams).
I think students (working towards information related work) will gradually
develop and demonstrate competence (perhaps through voluntary work) by being
involved in projects (perhaps "real" projects, perhaps "artificial" projects
set up for learning purposes only). As they demonstrate competence  they
will be offered more challenging opportunities to prove their worth (like
the system in Appache - as I understand it - of rising though merit).
Ultimately people, who  are good enough, will be invited to take part in
projects that are being done for money. These opportunities to work for
money may well be happening in parallel with university studies. Any student
who has sufficiently developed and showcased his/her skills in order to
attract a portfolio of paid projects may then have reduced motivation to
continue to the end of a university course in order to get formal
accreditation. This is particularly likely if  the student has dicsovered
how to continue studying well outside of the formal system
I wonder if the main role of the university may become one of mentoring the
students (rather then lecturing/teaching them and testing them). If you are
a student then the main difference between independent informal learning and
learning at a univirsity may be the opportunity to have someone who is your
personal mentor, guiding you through your individual learning journey,
helping you to clarify what you might need to learn next and how you might
go about it. Of course it is possible this personal mentoring role is how
universities tend to work now anyhow - I don't know - I'm not in the system
I wonder if the need for additional provision in the "Third World" may mean
that new things tend to happen there faster - but I don't know about that.
However various things I have been reading seem to suggest change is on the
way everywhere - but I don't know abou tthat either e.g
I wonder what those of you in the academic system see happening.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
This could be an opportunity to develop a vision for the future of
universities, something which could be considered to be a position
associated with the p2p foundation. Is there some interest for
THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM
Davos, Switzerland
9-11 January 2010
 <
Inspired partly by the success of World Economic Forum in hosting global
conversations about emerging issues of economic policy, the World
Universities Forum (WUF) was created in 2008 in the belief that academe must
better engage today's most crucial questions, and that higher education
itself must be included as part of the wider discussion of global change.
 The Forum encourages the participation of university executives,
administrators, scholars and research students, as well as journalists,
policy makers, business and political leaders, and others who understand
that the importance of the university extends well beyond campus. While WUF
encourages conversations about all aspects of higher education policy and
practice, the keynotes for the third WUF have been invited to consider
issues of the current global economic crisis and its implications for
Keynote speakers include:
* Professor Eva Egron-Polak (International Association of Universities,
* Professor Jonathan Jansen (Rector, University of the Free State, South
* Professor Simon Marginson (University of Melbourne, Australia)
* Professor Nigel Thrift (Vice Chancellor, University of Warwick, UK)
* Professor Pandhyala B.G. Tilak (National University of Educational
Planning & Administration, India)
In addition, the Forum will also include numerous paper, workshop and
colloquium presentations. We would particularly like to invite you to
respond to the Forum Call-for-Papers. Presenters may choose to submit
written papers for publication in the refereed Journal of the World
Universities Forum. If you are unable to attend the Forum in person, virtual
registrations are also available which allow you to submit a paper for
review and possible publication in the Journal, and provide access to the
online edition of the Journal.
Whether you are a virtual or in-person presenter at this Conference, we also
encourage you to present on the Conference YouTube Channel. Please select
the Online Sessions link on the Conference website for further details.
The deadline for the next round in the call for papers (a title and short
abstract) is 14 May 2009.  Future deadlines will be announced on the Forum
website after this date.  Proposals are reviewed within two weeks of
submission. Full details of the Forum, including an online proposal
submission form, may be found at the Forum website -
 <
We look forward to receiving your proposal and hope you will be able to join
us in Davos in January 2010.
Yours Sincerely,
Professor Fazal Rizvi
Department of Educational Policy Studies University of Illinois Urbana,
Illinois, USA
For the International Advisory Board of the World Universities Forum and the
Journal of the World Universities Forum
This email is intended solely for the addressee.  It may contain private and
confidential information.  If you are not the intended addressee, please
take no action based on it nor show a copy to anyone.  In this case, please
reply to this email to highlight the error.  Opinions and information in
this email that do not relate to the official business of Nottingham Trent
University shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by the
Nottingham Trent University has taken steps to ensure that this email and
any attachments are virus-free, but we do advise that the recipient should
check that the email and its attachments are actually virus free.  This is
in keeping with good computing practice.
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2009-04-28 11:29:40
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM 
Thanks for your response Paola
I do find some of the people are open, but the system does not help
regarding interaction and collaboration (No time to explain that or put it
in context at present).
I wonder "where you fit" regarding HE, teaching learning etc. I am
interested in your observations and would understand them better with more
2009/4/28 however what I see is that today professors and all tell their students what

@_date: 2009-10-20 15:18:39
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Leapfrogging - Moving to Africa for trial by fire 
Hi Alex
I wonder why you are asking.
If anyone does want to do any work in Africa to see if they can make things
work then please contact me to explore overlapping interests.
   - See what we did for Marcus Simmons of Eco-Shelter
      - This is more info about Attachab
      - More about the enabling organisation Dadamac
      - How I fit in 2009/10/20 Alex Rollin

@_date: 2010-04-07 08:00:13
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: CALL FOR PAPERS on networked learning, 
Dear Michel
You forwarded a CALL FOR PAPERS on networked learning to P2P, with "thanks
for spreading this, and considering your contribution". I am therefore
considering the relevance of what I know and replying bot directly to P2P
and via an open letter to I think some of the things I know  regarding the work of Dadamac and Minciu
Sodas would be of interest regarding the call for papers that you mentioned:
Peer-to-Peer Collaboration and Networked Learning. Dadamac's work is about
enabling collaboration (mostly, but not only, between between UK and
Nigeria) and is usually about networked learning of one kind and another. We
could never have come together and collaborated before the existence of the
Internet.   Minciu Sodas  (Lithuanian for
Orchard of Thoughts) is a large online community, which Andrius Kulikauskas
started eleven years ago and which  has enabled an immeasurable amount of
In Dadamac (and in a different way through Minciu Sodas) people are
exploring various ways of using the Internet to create collaborative
communities, to network, and to learn from each other.
For instance Dadamac's Cameras for Communication course was jointly
developed by Riccardo (in UK) and by the people who subsequently presenting
the course in Nigeria. To greatly oversimplify the division of labour:
Ricardo in the UK provided the course content words and the Nigerians
provided local photos. The initial development of People's Uni was another cross cultural
collaboration made possible by the Internet (Prof Dick Heller in UK and John
Dada in Nigeria)  Dadamac is now
doing a new collaboration with People's Uni to produce a distance learning
course on Sickle Cell Disease for health professionals. This blog post
explains the need  and this
one explains the response and move towards course development
Since that blog post five health professionals have joined the course
development team. As I remember from the introductions,  I think they all
Doctors (I know that three of them are) and  they are all in different
locations, (scattered across three different countries in Africa). At
present we are introducing ourselves, discovering how "bandwidth rich or
bandwidth challenged" our team members are, and discussing what should be
included on the course.  It will be a challenge. The work has no funding,
but there is a need, People's Ini provides the online venue and the
structure for developing and presenting the course, and people are willing
to put in time to do it, so we will give it a go.
Lots of things going on that relate to Peer-to-Peer Collaboration and
Networked Learning which are far outside of the formal educational system,
However,t most of the learned papers are (naturally) written by people who
are in the formal educational system so they write what they know and the
non-formal stuff tends to be less well known. One of my favourite examples
of practical non-formal learning is this one about cholera prevention.
There are lots of other stories of how people are getting together online to
"rub minds" - but  the people who do it are usually more concerned with
exchanging information than telling people about what is happening. There
are many situations where people are  asking and answering questions and
just generally helping each other to learn. It is what friends have always
done for each other - except that now, instead of the friends helping "over
your shoulder"they are helping "over the Internet".
Even if this is of interest I won't be writing it up for the journal that
you mention, because, rightly or wrongly I assume the journal is by
academics for academics, and I am not part of that culture. Years ago (if I
saw a call for case-studies) I used to sometimes try to cross the boundary
between "academics" and "practitioners' by writing up what I knew, but the
gap was too wide. I don't know the academic references that would enable me
to place what I do know in the context of academic research, and I lack
various other skills related to academic writing. Understandably, in an
academic peer-review situation my offerings seem inappropriate and
However, now and again, it does seem worth just popping up on the edge of
academia to "smile and wave and make friendly noises". Then if any academics
do want to cross the divide between formal and non-formal education they
will know that there are people on this side of the gap ready to make them
If there are any academics who would be interested in knowing more about the
items I have mentioned (or about related items) with a view to sharing
knowledge about non-formal learning (perhaps even writing a paper about it)
I would be happy to help.
Pamela McLean
UK-Africa Connections
Dadamac Ltd - Knowledge Brokers
pamela.mclean at dadamac.net

@_date: 2010-04-19 09:38:19
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
Hi Franz and Michel (and Andy and Ryan)
I am wondering if the work we have done (and plan to do) for
 relevant to your needs. I have been working with
Ryan and Andy on this,
as resources have allowed, for the past year or so. We are designing and
developing dadamac as the "online home" that is needed for the dadamac
Our work may be relevant to you because, from the start I have been setting
dadamac.net up to serve an existing network (which I now call the "dadamac
community"). Like many networks it is not easy to define - but for the sake
of this email all you need to know is the nature of the problem we are
trying to address, and how far we have got. Then you can judge if our
foundations are useful for you to build on.
I need an online home for Dadamac for various reasons. We are involved in
many things (which are scattered around online and on the ground). I need
some way to bring them all together, make them more visible, make it easier
for "outsiders" to get involved with us, provide a kind of one-stop-shop for
all we are doing so that people can rummage around for themselves to see
what interests them. At the same time I need spaces which are for private
meetings etc. This is an oversimplification - there is much more - regarding
action groups and so on. Also there is stuff which is working already but
you cannot see as you are not a member of the relevant groups. In my mind I
can see the information flows that I am trying to enable, and the
relationships (people to people, people to information, information to
information) that I am trying to enable.
I needed to pull it all together, and I was not satisfied with what I
understood to be available through eixisting things like Facebook and NING.
If you visit Dadamac.net  you will only see it as far as it has got.  What
you nee to see is what is in my mind (which is what I would like you to be
able to have). But if we have the right conversation and involve Andy and
Ryan, they can explain better what we are doing, and how, and you can decide
if our foundations would be of use to you.
Andy - you will recognise that this is partly about the "CKK/CCK" thing you
and I have been talking about which I need to ask Ryan about implementing.
Plus our existing visible Drupal stuff, and our invisible Moodle stuff and
various things around the edges.
I imagine that either people could copy our framework and put in their own
info - or we could all do something using the existing framework.  I don't
know exactly. I just know that it would be sad to waste effort duplicating
things if the effort we have already put in would be useful to others.

@_date: 2010-04-20 01:01:11
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] why NING after all? 
Hi Franz and everyone.
I am reluctant to enter into serious techie-speak discussions as my comfort
zone there is fairly limited - but I would like to share what I have been
developing with Andy and Ryan for Dadamac as some of our explorations may be
a useful addition to your discussions (and they can follow up later with
First the background to my online community experiences, then the technology
I have used and some explanation of the thinking behind what has been used
so you can judge its relevance.
My personal "online community" history has been through the development of a
"three part" inter-related network made up of: an online network; a F2F
network in the UK; and a F2F network in Nigeria (and a little in East
Africa). This Internet enabled networking all began ten years ago when a
close friend in London persuaded me to get involved in a community project
that her Nigerian husband was starting "back home" in the ten local
governments of rural  Oke-Ogun in Oyo State SW Nigeria.
At that stage my computer knowledge related to using ICT in schools and my
Internet use was mainly email and some web-browsing. I had never heard the
term ICT for Development - and had no intention of ever visiting Africa.
However, that was ten years ago - and "life happens". I now have
considerable experience of ICT4D, of being in online communities, of
nurturing online relationships and communities, and pushing maximum
information back and forth online (and beyond the boundary of the online
network) to enable ongoing collaborations, shared learning and friendships
(with especial emphasis on collaborations between the "bandwidth rich" and
the "bandwidth poor - or bandwidth challenged"), and knowing first hand how
things do work and don't work in certain parts of Africa.
Technically the story went like this (written from a personal perspective,
but within a gradually growing network and aided by a variety of helpers and
collaborators, written in an approximate "starting to get important" date
order - but it all developed organically so things are really very
interwoven and overlapping. I have not included every detail, just enough to
give an idea of the gradual development and scope )
   - Emails
   - Emails with attachments
   - Other people's websites
   - Travelling in Nigeria helping to field test a prototype solar-driven,
   low-power, email-sending, computer with a touch screen (2004) organised
   through my Oge-Ogun network.
   - Other people's discussion lists and yahoo groups
   - Writing and moderating an online newsletter - for the Oke-Ogun project
   (thanks to Kabissa)
   - Getting my own yahoo email address (set up in a Nigerian cyber cafe)
   - More trips to Nigeria - always including non-formal ICT training
   - Setting up and moderating a  yahoo group - to support preparations for
   an ICT programme called Teachers Talking Fantsuam Foundation in North
   Central Nigeria
   - A wiki that grew from the information content generated by the yahoo
   group. (It was fine as an information warehouse  but not so good as an
   information self-service store.  My TT participants needed 'wiki guides' to
   help provide the relevant links. We needed something more friendly and
   better suited to the participants' needs)
   - Presenting ICT training courses on various occasions with the
   limitations of "the Nigerian factor" (also repeated in Kenya) - all
   contributing to my growing online network as well as my local knowledge/
   - The "friendly wiki" (This was my first introduction to how different
   people could relate to information in differently structured ways through a
   system of "permissions". It was a difficult learning curve as "content" and
   "purpose" ie me, and "technical capability" i.e. my patient Open Source
   mentor and collaborator, struggled to understand each other.)
   - Yahoo chat
   - Yahoo conferences
   - Developing a conceptual model for successful online collaboration
   (finding there were missing bits and improving it)
   - Using the model to initiate a collaboration which gave rise to
   People'sUni.org
   - Skype
   - Explorations with audio-grahic conferencing
   - Experiments with digital cameras (video and photos) and with putting
   information online
   - Regular (once a month) use of the Minciu Sodas worknets chat room
   - Experimenting with Moodle (A leap forward from the 'friendly wiki". I
   could consider the individual interests of people and allocate them to
   appropriate Special Interest Groups. There can be different permissions for
   different people within the group. This means for example that some people
   can only see "tidy, ready-to-use" information, and others can also see messy
   "work in progress', some have information sent out to them, others only see
   information if they choose to visit the information store, and others are
   able to help stock the information store - or even just leave things there
   for their own future use, which is quite handy if you don't have computer of
   your own to rely on - especially a few years back before data sticks were
   around. Forums can be used for emails between SIG members. )
   - Skyping
   - Website that I was responsible for generating (Useful experience, but,
   as it turned out, not permanent - one of my "eek!" learning experiences)
   - Blogs, for communication, as an information store to point to in
   emails, and as a temporary web-presence
   - Joining with John Dada to form Dadamac
   - Joining various NING groups
   - Joining facebook
   - Joining other social media/web2.0 groups
   - More setting up and moderating of yahoo and google groups
   - Use of google docs and spreadsheets in our extended virtual office.
   - Weekly use of typed online conferencing (first yahoo, then skype) for
   regular weekly Dadamac UK-Nigeria team meetings
   - Treating UK-Nigeria team as one of our Moodle SIGs and using Moodle to
   send out agendas, store relevant documents, keep meeting archives etc.
   - Drupal as an alternative way of generating a website (setting up
    on Drupal with help from Ryan of Equitas and Andy
   Broomfield of NewMediaThinking
   - Adding blogs to Dadamac.net
   - Various experiments in collaboration, especially related to roles of
   teachers and learners now we have the Internet.
   - Start of experiments with containers and forums on Drupal - to be
   followed up later - just a learning experience so far, no real migration of
   our community activities to that space.
   - Continuing to develop use of Moodle - and using that for some community
   activities that I hope to make more visible later by moving over to Drupal
   - Use of twitter
   - Setting up a NING group as a learning experience for the Dadamac Social
   Media SIG
   - Discussions with Andy about CCK and development of better Drupal
   enabled discussion groups and "community happenings"  at
www,dadamac.net(CCK = Content Construction Kit and is what allows you
to set up different
   content types / fields sets etc.)
   - Experimenting with posterous as a mid-point between private emails and
   letters written as "open letters" for my blog
As I read the discussions about people's NING groups and why they want them
it seems to me that there is a considerable overlap with Dadamac's interests
and efforts so far, and so there might be beneficial opportunities for
collaboration. Dadamac recognises various kinds of "currency" for win-win
collaborations - money, time, skills, knowledge,information, trust-building,
etc. It is small, flexible and independent so is open to new ideas,
strategies and projects.
Pamela McLean
UK-Africa Connections
Dadamac Ltd - Knowledge Brokers
a very good balanced relation between community spirit and

@_date: 2010-03-01 09:18:43
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Coyright used for heavy 
Ref the start of this thread:  "The facts:- Marco Travaglio is a leading
journalist (awarded with the german prize
for journalism in 2009 for his worthiness in the fight for the freedom
of press in Italy) who brings to the italian audience inquiries and
research about politicians and government;"
P2P members may be interested in additional context, regarding the political
background, activism and the use of the Internet for mobilisation. For these
reasons I forward the two emails below from an Italian friend.
Pamela McLean
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Dear friend,
I would like you to be informed that Italy democracy is in worse situation
and serious danger due to corruption and overpower of Berlusconi and right
xenophobe people in his government (Lega party). We need a big change, we
need to protect and develop our democracy in a multiethnic country!
The case of Lawyer Mills  bribed by Premier Silvio Berlusconi has stopped
due  bureaucratic reasons of time duration of this case.
Berlusconi lawyers are working to present new  laws in the parlement to
prevent him to go in front of the court.
I forward you below  information about recent cases of corruptions.
What happens is *a national mobilization of  Civil Society* *only by
Facebook and Blogs/Email/sms* since December 2009.  Today demonstration in
Rome, A self financed mobilization!
*To ask for EQUALITY BEFORE LAW!*
 We would like to unify our mobilization with the *Strike of foreigners
working in Italy  on the 1 March 2010. *
together with  foreigners working in France.
Thanks for your  understanding and participation!
Please spread these news!
All the best!
Maria Agnese Giraudo
----- Messaggio inoltrato -----
*Da:* Maria Agnese Giraudo *A:* Jeff Buderer ; Peter Burgess <
peterbnyc at gmail.com>; christopher macrae ; Andrius
Kulikauskas ; Kennedy Owino ; Crispinus
Ouma Pamba *Inviato:* Gio 25 febbraio 2010, 18:16:33
*Oggetto:* Corruption in Italy
Some update about corruption in Italy
Mr Di Girolamo elected by Mafia to help Mafia
Corruption of Civil Protection
Money laundering  by Telecom -Fastweb company 2billioneuro!!!
  Is it  enough?
I go to demonstrate against Berlusconi goverment saturday 27 Febr
01 I go to demonstrate for immigrates working in Italy
Please spread these news! We need to be colonized, invaded! Or we need now
people inside the country have more power, like immigrants, they can push
for a revolution!
Maria Agnese
   Reply to sender|
to group
Messages in this
 Recent Activity:
Visit Your Group
a New Topic
 Please note our rule: Each letter sent to this group enters the Public
Domain unless it explicitly states otherwise.
 [image: Yahoo!
Switch to: Text-Only,
Daily Digest?
of Use    .

@_date: 2010-05-02 14:50:06
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: on the need for educational transmission in p2p 
Hi Franz and everyone.
I have highlighted the parts of Franz's email below to show the parts that I
respond to in my heart and mind, and would like to discuss in depth at some
point - in general and specific ways. (apologies if this is a list where I
should only use the simplest kind of text and should not have used
For now, regarding a detailed response I simply flag up some related
specific examples to support what Franz is suggesting.
Ref "every local community experience and feed it back into a
living body of experience"  and " Lampao village....too dry.... solar driven
pump; a solar collector should turn solar energy into mechanical energy....
That mechanical energy should drive the pump. or if there
are some niftier connections between the thermal and the flow side, find
out about them."
Such information would be relevant and valuable for Attachab eco-village
The land is bordered by a river. They have a long dry season and would
welcome knowing more about good practice for irrigation using solar energy -
if it was practical and affordable.
I also note the reference to studying fishery. The team at Attachab have
experimented with fish farming. Their experiments included making temporary
ponds which used the water from the river during the dry season - knowing
that when the rainy season came the walls of the ponds would be washed away.
Their previous ponds were unsuccessful because there was not a sufficient
flow of water through them. My impression is that solar energy is not
appropriate for pumping water on the scale that would be needed to have
successful pond on higher ground fed from the water supply of the river. If
progress is made in this respect we would love to know about it - even if it
is just for some irrigation, and not for the fish ponds.
Ref "This link between virtual and physical community is in a nutshell the
of the educational system that we need"
I agree completely - or at least I do if I have understood Franz's meaning
correctly. I understand him to mean a new kind of collaborative approach to
learning that is enabled through a virtual community, but is also very real
in a local sense. We have been talking our own small steps towards this
through our "First Thursday" chats and similar online exchanges of
Recent examples are biomass stoves:
and using twitter (how and why - to help people in our virtual community to
connect more easily with each other online - and with other people):
I am not able to follow all that goes on in P2P - but I hope I manage to
keep up with this thread.
Michel Bauwens  schreibt:
That is why I thought  a good step could be made in Italy. I have not
heard from "my" (VideoBridge) people in Greece either recently. But maybe
we could really bring up the issue simultaneously in several countries and
use the momentum wherever we are in the moment.
 I suggest you forward the following to your convenience:

@_date: 2010-05-02 18:29:27
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on the need for educational transmission in p2p 
Speaking for Dadamac and ways of learning - I relate positively to the
learn-as-needed "stealth curriculum" (rather than any tradiitonal "set
As for the "problems" we are trying to solve, well, that depends on what
problems currently need to be faced by people, and which of those problems
require some "learning".
By "people" I usually mean people at Fantsuam, represented by John Dada, but
we do connect with people/communities in other locations too.
The range of problems in a community is as wide as the range of problems in
a family - ie from birth to death and everything in between. This short
video from my colleague John Dada in his (voluntary) role at Fantsuam
Foundation may help to put that wide statement into some kind of context
This earlier post to peer to peer
also help to illustrate the kind of learning that I mean.
Regarding " Where are the intersections of real, actual trust now? And,
where is the fertile ground from which new trust can grow?"
Dadamac has strong trust between John Dada and me - which gives excellent
UK-Nigeria trust and cross cultural collaboration. John has a huge
high-trust network on the ground in and around Fantsuam and in much wider
pan African and international networks. My trust networks are a mixture of
online contacts (developed through nearly ten years of activity online) plus
F2F contacts mostly in Nigeria, Kenya and London.
It is hard to label my networks - but I suppose that some of my trust
intersections in London are with academics, some with entrepreneurs, some
with social (or social media) activists.  They all tend to be people who are
also active online.
Our online high trust is person to person (I guess that is the only kind of
trust there is) - which includes various organisations through the people
behind these organisations, such as Kabissa  and
Peoples-Uni  and the ICT4D Collective
I was fortunate enough to be included in Franz's workshop in Vienna in
January, where he did a grand job of building relationships of trust between
the participants. In fact one of the participants commented that Franz had
created a community, and that afterwards we should create a "community of
our communities".
