
@_date: 2009-10-25 20:00:22
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google chief: Vast changes to Web loom 
I'm responding to the part of Paul's email about more effective ways of
automatically organising information. Reading the email I had several
thoughts. They connect in my mind - but it would take a while to justify how
they connect - however they which may strike a chord with someone - and if
so I would be interested in further discussion.
There is so much information now flooding around us all - which gives us new
problems of organising it. Some of us  have to do it for ourselves - some
have automatic systems of one kind and another - some of us have trusted
friends or colleagues who act as an information filters and pointers for us.
Many of us help each other to a lesser or greater degree - pushing, pulling,
parking, packing and personalising information for the people we connect
We are moving to a new kind of "shared knowing" - much of our memory is
external and sharable; much of what we don't yet know but might soon know is
easily accessible; much of our thinking is becoming more external and
The internet isn't just about the technology and the information - it's also
about people and roles and relationships and how the internet is impacting
on them.
Social networking on the Internet is not just about networking at a distance
with people we have never met Face to Face (F2F), it is also about
continuing to network with people we initially knew F2F and might otherwise
lose contact with, equally it is about meeting people F2F who we have
initially networked with online.
The Internet impacts on individual relationships to information, and group
relationships to information, and people's relationships to information,
and to knowledge, and to each other. All kinds of subtle realignments are
happening. The present is unsure of itself and there is a such a fluidity
about the future...  Issues about automatically organising information are
as much about the context in which the information will be used as about the
information itself - hmm - we face some intriguing challenges when it comes
to organising information..
Pamela McLean
2009/10/25 Paul D. Fernhout - Hide quoted text -
From-Mail: From-Name: snip Schmidt said.
 "You will tend to listen to other people," he said.
 The problem is how to organize all the information, he said. It is the
fundamental problem facing Google, a company that offers many products but
was built on a Web search engine that trolls for information, gathers it and
ranks it for users. Schmidt asked rhetorically how, for instance, Google
might be able to rank a user's individual tweets. ...
Mentioned here:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-31 01:18:54
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More on: Suggestions wanted for education to p2p 
2009/10/30 Paul D. Fernhout If I had realised it was for "developing countries" I might have offered
some thoughts based on work in rural Nigeria. I wonder where exactly the
proposal is for (and therefore the possible relevance of what I know).
Perhaps the proposal is for well resourced elite schools, in which case my
observations would be irrelevant. I will offer some examples to check for
In 2003 I was helping with a needs analysis relating to local education and
training needs in a rural area in SW Nigeria. Representatives of the youth
groups came and said they had two needs:
One need was for a library. (They were already actively fundraising locally
for one - as there were almost no books in their schools. On a subsequent
visit I attended the ceremonial opening celebration. Local children were
told appreciate their great good fortune in having this new resource. I was
shown the little reference library with pride by the young fundraisers. It
had one bookcase. The books were arranged on the shelves with their faces
showing - because there was plenty of space  to display them like that - no
reason to squash them side by side, as we do, with only the spines showing).
The other need related to health. The youths said they needed to learn how
they could get latrines. They explained that if they knew how then they
would get latrines put at the motor park and at the schools - which were
places where there would be people to take care of them.  Subsequently I had
a chance to discuss this with a doctor employed by the local government.  He
said it would be an excellent idea if latrines could be provided at the
schools. It is an area where most of the homes have no running water and no
sanitation.  The doctor said that if the schools had good latrines then it
would teach the pupils healthy habits, and then that would carry over to
when they had homes of their own.
Soap making also comes to mind as another possibly relevant activity. It is
a business that some women are taught to do, in connection with micro-credit
and micro-enterprise.  I wonder if any connection should be made between
learning to make soap and using soap for handwashing after "easing
Simple approaches to water purification would also be relevant to health
Regarding nutrition I know of a programme called Positive Concern where a
local doctor advises HIV/AIDS patients on nutrition. The advice he gives
would be very relevant if the proposal was for rural West Africa. Positive
Concern also includes practical teaching on making nutritious drinks from
local ingredients.
I am not sure about the best way to implement the P2P aspect. P2P is
comparatively self-directed, which goes against  cultural norms in the
places I know. In those places rote learning is the established method.
(This is very understandable in a situation where teachers are starved of
resources - and have themselves been taught by rote.) There are very rigid
social hierarchies and children are taught to not ask questions. I would
want time working with the teachers before suggesting a different approach
to learning.
As I said at the start, I don't know if the situation in rural Nigeria has
any relevance to the "developing countries" proposal you are concerned with,
but perhaps it does.
Pamela McLean
UK-Africa Connections

@_date: 2010-12-19 13:36:13
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1st priority - Delicious 
When I read about delicious closing there was an update by the story saying
that in fact it was not closing but it was beig offered for sale. Sorry I
don't remember where I saw this, so can't say how accurate the information
is. I think it was a online version of a newspapaer article telling the
original closing down story  -  which then had the update note on it.

@_date: 2010-07-25 21:29:15
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] networks presume inequality 
Hi MicheI
Thanks for pointing to Alexander R. Galloway's Position Paper "Exploring New
Configurations for Network Politics"
read it with interest. I respond to it from a personal perspective
has much to do with Internet enabled networking (and little to do with the
technical intricacies of the Internet and computer protocols and so on).
Maybe I should really have responded directly to his blog - but I'm not
registered there yet so it was easier to just respond here and on posterous
for now.
I offer a few observations from the viewpoint of one who values the Internet
for its opportunities for cross cultural collaboration. I am  intrigued by
the challenge of making it truly inclusive. I have been working practically
on many of these issues during the past ten years in projects that use the
Internet to enable collaboration between UK and people in rural Nigeria, and
similar locations (even when the Internet itself does not reach to their
locations). In this email I will not attempt to explain my thinking - but
will simply headline some issues, wondering what others are thinking.
   - In theory the Internet enables a neutral equal meeting place - and many
   of us are enjoying the opportunity to meet there and be included in ways
   that were previously not possible.
   - There are many issues around meeting as equals in this "neutral" space.
      - Physical and financial equality of access to the technology -
      distance from access points, cost of use.
      - Technical/training equality in ease of use - ability to use the
      equipment.
      - Equipment equality regarding bandwidth, processing speed, displays
      etc.
      - Cultural behavioural differences - cultural hierarchies and
      acceptable ways of joining in a conversation - showing respect through
      keeping quiet etc.
      - Language differences - the advantage of people using their preferred
      language.
      - Literacy issues - the inclusion of people whose culture is spoken,
      not written.
      - Cultural differences around the same words - specialist jargon words
      used with a different meaning in general speech, words summoning up a
      different picture in different countries - "a good road" "a family" "the
      local community" "schools" "the power supply" "the shops" "the
library" "the
      government" "the police" and so on.
   - When "top-down" opens up communication with "bottom-up" this is not a
   free flow of information as it is not between equals - it is just an add-on
   to an existing unequal system
   - It is only when top-down and bottom-up structures and perceptions
   shift, so that information flows equally between people who have equal
   respect for each other, that we can move towards equality (imagine a top
   down diagram - then a 90 degree shift - then equal exchange).
   - It is important to be aware of every single barrier and to try to
   ensure steps are taken to overcome it.
I'd be interested to hear the views and experiences of others related to
these issues. (I am not able to read all the P2P posts, but will try to
follow this thread)

@_date: 2011-01-08 11:21:24
@_author: Pamela McLean 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd:  FTA Announcement #11: Register Now, 
Hi "Dadamac Learners"
I haven't yet got far into reading about FTA  (so this is not a deeply
considered response). The discussion copied below seems relevant to many
ideas I have long been thinking about, but have not yet written up,
regarding future directions of learning, access to learning, alternative
delivery, accreditation for learning outside of traditional structures etc.
Useful links within the emails below are :
   - FTA Register now at     - Keep in mind that many courses are also offered later in the year:
      - Contact details - at registrations at ftacademy.org
---------- Forwarded message ----------
:Dear Wouter,
thanks for this, VERY useful reply,
actually, for here in Chiang Mai, I was thinking more of mentoring than full
f2f teaching, so what you see is right on the mark,
credits is a little more difficult issue, since I think students in east
asia are still much more sensitive to this issue, you just don't get hired
here without the right papers (plus introductions ). For example, I can
teach post-graduate in Belgium based on my experience, but there, I am
confined to teaching 18 year olds, because they only want to see the PhD
additional request, do you know of any university in your network, who might
be interested in a physical extension in SE Asia, and thereby offer 'real
credits' to potential students here?
